- Evolving Creative for Meta’s Andromeda and the Opportunity of Mobile Game Ads (Bonus Episode): Kind: captions Language: en If you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Facebook crushing the naming conventions. People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? We need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at us. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's for you feeds. Want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from Apple 11 here to talk about Apple 11 self-serve Axon ads manager. We have actually only been around for a year. It's basically showing long-form video ads in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average. But, we disclosed last year we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in gaming [music] spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year-over-year. So, one of our advertisers that joined very recently, they're kind of like a small brand, like a two-person shop selling [music] cookware. So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. Their revenue within a month jumped [music] from 12K to 130K. Apple 11 I just think it's closer to how most brands and teams are operating on Meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. It's just me and Connor today. I don't even have to say which I guess I'll say it once. I'll say Connor McDonald, Connor Mac MD. And then after that I just It's an easy episode for me. I just get to say, "Hey Connor, what do you think about this?" Yeah, you know, we didn't Cody and I didn't realize Connor Rowland wasn't joining until about 5 minutes ago. And I was like, "Oh, I got to lock in a little bit more." I I am you know, 20% more of this podcast now relies on on my my commentary here. So, yeah, I'm ready to do it. 20% more of the podcast, 50% more of the Connors. >> [laughter] >> Yeah, 100%. >> Well, we we miss him. What's he doing? I think he's flying back to Denver. I think he was in LA for the week. He was in LA for the week. Um Did you see his Did you see his costume? He was the guy from uh I dude, I'm not familiar with Jack Black movies, but I think it was Nacho Libre. I don't I didn't know the movie, but he looked good. He looked fantastic. He looked way better than Jack Black cuz like right next to Jack Black he's like short and pudgy and Connor's like tall and jacked. He's like a evolved form of Jack Black really. >> the only feedback of the costume. Otherwise, he looked great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, 100%. How about you? You dressing up at all? Today's Halloween as we're recording this. Uh dude, I'm not I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to play by ear tonight. I might go to a party with my brother and some of his friends. I got a priest costume as a backup. >> Hey, we should I think it's sick. Do pre priest outfits underrated fits, I think. They're pretty tight with like the with the white collar. Like not like not like full not like full, you know, Catholic [laughter] Pope, but I love it. I love it. I We'll see if my wife makes me dress up. It's uh it's probably the first year my daughter will get to enjoy it. So, if I have to, I will, but we'll see. I I think though. Somebody invited me to like a 7:00 thing on their porch and I was like, "My son's going to be sleeping by 7:00." Like totally. I'm out, but yeah. All right, cool. Um today got a fun one. I I actually probably being a terrible moderator cuz I really just did the episode plan and it's a lot of my tweets. I often when you moderate you'll pick one of my tweets. Um I feel like you haven't had as many tweets lately. I think you've been actually like whether you're been moving or actually working or or going to World Series games. So, yeah. A little bit of both. Yeah, yeah. So, I picked some of mine, but I'm but I'm excited to have a conversation about them and just get your thoughts and you can tell me where I'm right and where I'm wrong. The perfect. Let's do it. Cool. Well, before we do that, as always want to thank our sponsors. Today we got a special bonus episode, so very excited. We'll have a great guest. Kathy from Apple 11 is going to join us later, but right now we want to thank our sponsors. We have Motion, Ridge Panel, Prescient AI, AfterSell, and House. Let's get into it. >> [music] >> So, I don't know about you guys, but we are fully locked in on Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday sale at Hexclad. Motion is, as always, a very big part of this. We do a ton of just iterations on evergreen ads with like Black Friday sale banners. So, we're just taking literally our top-performing ads from the entire year, slapping a banner on them, and that's at least one part of our content stack for BFCM. So easy just to use Motion to look at like last 90, last 6 months, year-to-date, which ads are getting us the best efficiency, which ads are getting us the best scale. It's like a really quick and easy way to pull out report in Motion and then come up with just a bunch of overlays on your evergreen ads. That's one way we're using Motion as we head into the peak season for us. The other way we're using it is for more like instantaneous feedback. So, we're saying, "Hey, we did that, but we also shot and produced all these seasonal ads. So, which ones are performing best?" we'll iterate on those like during BFCM. So, all of this is getting powered by Motion reports. It's just the quickest, the easiest way to see what's working, what's not. Connor, how are you guys using Motion at Ridge to inform your Black Friday, Cyber Monday, and holiday ad decisions? We're in a similar headspace. We did a an exercise that I was calling a bottoms-up planning this year where we granularly looked at what worked at what times throughout, you know, late October, November, December last year. That all comes from analyzing our creative. So, we got that foundational approach of what are the things we want to be prioritizing. And then we can get into the fact of what are the new things that we want to be trying this year. And Motion really kind of led point on a lot of that analysis. Cody, how about you? Yeah, same thing. Like we'll have everybody propose their strategy and their plan, but like there should be no reason to start from scratch. Like there's no, you know, blank page, I think. You got to hit that like 80/20 of explore and exploit, but I think for for exploiting like you got to look at what's performed well. And, you know, we try to have a lot of warm-up points. Like we will have like a holiday kits launched soon. We have Labor Day. We have last Black Friday. So, we just build a report of all of them. We just see what traits perform well, anything that you can filter by naming convention. So, we don't have to start with a blank screen, and then we're able to just get more pinpointed in in our strategy hopefully each launch. And and lastly, one thing I really really appreciate about Motion is you don't need to like be this expert in how to use the tool. Like like they're very good at getting you on-boarded, getting your data ingested and connected, and then training you on it exactly how to use the tool. So, if you've been dragging your feet, it's time to get going with Motion. Head over to motionapp.com. All right. So, if anybody has been not living under a rock, if you've been on DTC Twitter, you've seen the apocalypse. It's here. It's coming. Andromeda, which is an awesome name, by the way. Like I think we have to get meta meta credit for that name. It sounds like a some some five-headed monster, but it's funny because Yeah, well, just quickly cuz I did some research on this a couple weeks ago. So, I'm not going to be able to recollect as well as I'd like, but Andromeda, they name a bunch of their internal projects off of Greek mythology. So, like the glasses are called Orion. You've got the Orion constellation. You've got Andromeda. You've got That does make sense cuz it's a badass name. Their like big uh AI cluster is another Greek mythological being or something. Um and Andromeda is some sort of woman. I'm not going to I guys remember the story. We'll have to circle back on this later, but Facebook crushing the naming conventions. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, Andro It's just so funny cuz like especially I feel So, I feel like there's DTC Twitter, and then there's like e-com Twitter, and there there's definitely overlap, but that's a little bit more of like the drop shipping affiliate type space and like the the YouTube gurus. And for some reason like they're just learning about Andromeda now and like the blaming performance right now Andromeda, which came out beginning of the year last year for some things. Um but it's obviously like don't get me wrong, it is a huge thing. I just I just find it funny that right now everybody's talking about it. a lot of people are talking about creative diversity. Um believe that's an old old wooden ship. You know, one one thing we should just make the point. And then I do want to jump into People are blaming Andromeda for poor performance in October right now. Uh you and I are always aligned on this. It pops up like every 9 months or whatever. I got a I got a great stat from our Google rep. She sent me a snapshot. The economic sentiment index has dropped to its lowest level in over 3 years while the potential of November suspension of SNAP benefits will intensify the budget crisis for essential goods shoppers. It's one of those things where it's like, "Is it Andromeda or do people just have less money right now? Are people squeezed for cash?" It feel The government's shut down for 30 days now. Like is there enough uncertainty or enough people affected that people are buying largely people are buying in essential goods on Shopify sites at a slightly lower rate? Like I would bet that's more of what it is versus this like the boogeyman of Andromeda. Absolutely. Yeah, no, I completely agree. Um Barry Haught just tweeted. Maybe we'll put it in the show notes, but Barry Haught just tweeted essentially said the same thing. Like stop blaming Andromeda. Like it's the government shutdown. Like there are so many people out of work. And obviously there were, you know, fiscal concerns ahead of that. So, yeah. No, there's I mean I don't know if you saw the Chipotle earnings yesterday. Chipotle's down like 15%. They're blaming on consumers not spending. A lot of people are blaming it Chipotle on their food quality going down. What's your take on that? Cuz I'm a Chipotle fan. Do you think they've gone down? >> I eat so much Chipotle. >> Uh Do you think they've gone down? Do you think the prices has become high relative to the value? The all The prices of everything are high, frankly. >> [snorts] >> Um uh Chipotle's still good in my book. I I have It wasn't nearly as much of a consumer 8 years ago when people I guess say it was like incredible, but I think it is a perfectly fine meal right now. I eat it all the time. Um do you ever get catering? Cuz like I always joke that if my wife was out of town for a week, I would just get Chipotle catering for a week. No, that's smart though. >> you you dude, you're you're living in LA, you're you're living the bachelor life. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, I should probably I should think about it. But I like I brought that up earlier this year. I remember there was a good um set of statistics where I think it was Cava, Chipotle, and Sweetgreen were all declining growth year-over-year or slowing growth year-over-year, something like that. And honestly, I think that consumer is a great um Like that is the type of person who's also shopping online. Like that is a predominant like you are affluent enough where you're going to Chipotle, you're not just buying Walmart groceries and and those are, you know, e-commerce is only 30% right now. We already know it's the most affluent shoppers shopping on D2C sites. And I think there's just a lot of overlap between that online buyer and the Chipotle, Cava, Sweetgreen customer. And when all those restaurants are slowing year-over-year, I think it's a good indicator for how the rest of the D2C ecosystem might be feeling. Yeah, yeah. No, I agree with that. And and uh I think they said it's it's younger consumers and you know, it's like the 25 to 35 range is really where it seems to be tapped out or struggling the most. Totally. The one thing I said I don't know if you ever saw that tweet. I'm a I'm a big Chipotle fan, but there was like one guy who went to like 40 different Chipotles and ordered the same thing. He got like 40 burritos. Did you see that one? And he like compared them and they were like wildly different. Yeah, well, the Chipotle by my house in Salt Lake was wildly wildly inconsistent. I once got a salad and they put the the salad on top. They put the lettuce on top. Um like they just they had no idea what they were doing. And then you would go into the store and they'd give you a completely different they'd really take care of you. So, Chipotle um can be experienced in many different ways across locations, across in-store, delivery, etc. but I'm bullish. I like the the the the steak bowls are good. Yeah. So, glad we got that out of the way. The economy sucks. We can complain about it all day. Obviously, like it's it's important. Like brands need to know it. Like don't fire your agencies, fire your team because the economy sucks. Like it is a lot harder and don't get me wrong, the standards are are higher. But we we have to be realistic about it. That being said, there's nothing we can do about that. So, let's talk about what we love to talk about. Absolutely. Give us the summary. Like what's your take on these changes? Just like give the the listener who maybe is less informed understanding what Andromeda is, when it came out, why everyone is freaking about it right now freaking out about it right now. Yeah, totally. Um we covered this back in I it was like April, I believe, is when we first did our podcast on it, which basically shows you kind of the the latency between D2C Twitter and e-com Twitter, maybe. The big difference with Andromeda is that they they've released this new more efficient AI engine so that they think they can reference more creative in the ad auction to better match creative with the user. And their point was that they are able to improve ad match quality because of that. And it was something like they were improve improving ad match quality 8% by being able to reference more creative. Now, what the reps will tell you and what the Meta organization will tell you is that because of this change, um the importance of a large amount of diverse creative is more important than ever because now Meta's actually utilizing that in order to serve ads to consumers. So, everybody is now that is like the goal of Andromeda. That is the guidance around how your creative strategy can change. And that is what people are freaking out about right now. So, so practically, what does this look like? What do brands need to do different? Like let's let's get into that or is there any more that you want to share on like the actual underpinnings or cuz there are other changes. There's like gem and lattice and stuff like that. I don't understand it all. My my understanding is just all of this AI, tons of compute thrown at it, and it's just like you need more ads than ever before and you need more different ads than ever before. Right. That's And I think that is as far as like the the important parts of what you need to understand, I think that's more or less it. Yeah, and I I think people have been talking about creative diversity for a while, right? For a year, maybe 2 years. And I I don't feel like it's ever been um super well defined and I feel like with these conversations that people have been having, we're getting closer to that. Of defining what that actually looks like. I also think the big difference I mean, look, I'm sure you guys have been in the same bucket, but the problem with hey, you need diverse creative and we would produce all this creative and it just maybe wouldn't get spend, right? So, so at least the way that I would connect those my experience so far with what Meta is now telling me is like, yeah, a year and a half ago when we were producing a bunch of creative, their ad matching engine was not utilizing the entire catalog of ads in order to serve it to a person. It would be, you know, for the sake of simplicity and efficiency, they would focus on a subset of your ads and then match those with users. So, theoretically, I completely understand, hey, if they are way better at utilizing the catalog, now diversity can actually be utilized at a higher rate and we will benefit from that. So, again, I I think it's all a little TBD. All right, my media buyers will say, hey, we're still kind of not seeing much ad spend get get floated down to the account across this like long tail of ads. Um but it seems as if from a technical perspective, Meta is continuing to invest in this future of massive ad selection and now they are better utilizing all of that. Yeah. The and the one thing that I think everyone seems to be freaking out about and I I I think for good reason and people starting to come around to is the what constitutes a different ad in Meta and to be to be considered different. My understanding of it, and I know nothing about AI and models, is like there are so many ads and there's so much that is Meta's throwing at it and like they're just going to bucket things together as kind of the same ad if they think it doesn't really change the um really though, it's all going back to like the bare auction outcome. It's kind of like if we don't think that this small headline change or even a uh a different visual but with the same offer and the same messaging is going to really change the auction dynamics or like the engagement or the potential conversion rate, we're going to bucket that together and I think that saves them compute and that can kind of say, hey, we don't really have to scan those. We can put resources on other advertisers, other auctions, other bigger swings. So, I think that's the thing that like I was personally very shocked to learn and I think I've been thinking about this a lot and and and advising my team to make ads that look different, right? That if you're doing statics, don't just do, hey, I'm going to do the same image with a different headline. Like I want to do a different ad. I'm like if we're going to change the image, like let's change it more different. But I think like some of those things that either have different message like one like you can have the same ad, one's about a sale, one's about, you know, a feature. Meta buckets those together even though you're like, those are actually we're saying different things because they look similar. Or if you have the similar headline, doesn't have to be the same, similar, right? Like feel great, right? And you have a white background with a grid format and then you have a blue background with a different format. Off not always, but Meta is often saying that those are also a very similar ad. Yeah. And I think [clears throat] that has blown people's minds a little bit. Totally. Um Yeah, look, and I think everybody's still trying to like wrap their minds around what it means to be creative divert creatively diverse and how do you like operationalize that and action that? Uh we were talking about this internally it cuz I think it's helpful is we're we're thinking it more we're thinking about it more from the perspective of what does content look like that people often consume. Like um and I was just I was just making this point. I think we're like over indexing and maybe this segues nicely into one of your points, but like we'll we'll over index quite a bit on performance UGC. Lot of well-done, quick-cutting UGC. Only only some percentage of the Instagram platform actually consumes content that looks like that. So, we should be thinking and we actually have many examples of this, too. Um we'll try things that look like headlines from articles, right? The like uh did you know style uh blocks and then it'll have a big headline like it's breaking news, something like that. That is a new format. That is a very consistently consumed style of content across Instagram and I think creatively diverse. And then if you're put in that mindset, memes are another one. Like memes are different than news articles, are different than UGC, are different than um you know, like beautiful static ads that like people really like consuming. So, I think it's almost like we're thinking ad first. Like, okay, I am the ad strategist. How do I create diversity? And that can be a little bit overwhelming thinking about it more from the perspective of what are people consuming? Has at least been helpful for our internal processes. Is it is this a shift? Like are you is this a shift where you think best practice was or it was it worked to think what ads should we create for this product and shifting to what is social what is organic content that people are consuming in that demo? Is that is that a shift that you guys are making or you think it should have always been done this way? Oh, yeah. No, it's a good question. I mean, it's probably it it probably Well, look, here here's the question. I don't I don't I don't have a an answer, but historically, pre-Andromeda, if you created extremely diverse content in the way that I just described, going content first instead of like, I like the way that you phrased it, ads for a product first, um would would Meta serve budgets across that different content? The answer's like sometimes it would, sometimes it wouldn't. So, I don't know what I would have considered best practice or if we should have been doing something differently. Our strategy has like I think objectively worked to some degree. Um so, I'm not like, oh my god, we've been missing the ball. It's like, but we need to be in the mindset of how are we continuing to evolve with content consumption online and ad algorithms online and like how and and, you you to your points around just reaching net new people, we need to be in that mindset and I think these all kind of are pointing in that direction. Lately, every marketer I talk to says the same thing. The pressure's on, budgets are tight, goals are higher than ever, and I have to prove what's working, not just report it. That's the new reality of marketing. You can't afford to rely on guesses or platform reported results. You need clear, unbiased, causal proof of what's actually driving growth, and that's exactly where Haus comes in. Incrementality testing is the scientific way to measure true impact. It is the most unbiased way to understand true impact, to see what's moving the needle and what's just noise, so you can reallocate spend based on fact, not faith. All of the marketing operators use Haus for their incrementality testing at Hexclad, Jones Road, Beauty and Ridge, and it's becoming a core part of the modern measurement stack. Haus helps you run real experiments across your channels you can answer questions that actually matter, like, which channels are truly driving incremental revenue and which are just taking credit? How much should I really be spending on Meta, Google, and YouTube? What's the halo effect of ads on Amazon or retail sales? And how should I structure my campaign so every dollar goes towards real, measurable impact? What sets Haus apart is the combination of unbiased, rigorous science, and marketer-friendly design. The math under the hood is very complex, but the platform itself is very, very simple. You choose your question, you launch your test in minutes, and you get clear, actual results you can actually use. Plus, every customer, every brand gets a dedicated measurement strategist, and I will tell you what, the Haus measurement strategist team is very dialed in. They are very strategic helping you set these tests up in a way where you're going to get statistically significant results that are actionable. And ultimately, there's someone who has lived in the world of growth and they know how to translate data into strategy, interpret the results, and build a repeatable culture of experimentation across your team. In a world where every marketing dollar is under a microscope, you need to know what's real. Measure what matters with Haus by going to haus.io/operators. That's haus.io/operators. And start allocating your budget with confidence. All right, so I have a list. I tweeted about this this morning, had a newsletter on it. I just have been thinking a lot about this as I plan. So, I'm going to read it. Just stop me for feedback where you agree, where you disagree. But I think I think this goes nicely together. >> Could you share your screen? Yeah, let me do that. You guys seeing this? I'm seeing it. All right, cool. So, all right, I want to start this with number five. To me, this is like where it starts, the underpinning. I think, and this is not like, you know, I'm I I spend most of my time thinking about Jones Road. So, this is not like, oh, Jones Road is doing this great, everyone's bad. Like, this is like, Jones Road is doing this bad and we need to get better. We have to evolve. But I think this is true for Jones Road and this is true for a lot of brands. I think social has changed so much, right? And and I think a lot of teams haven't adapted or evolved. I think so many teams, again, this is this is Jones Road, are stuck it a little bit still in like the the feed-based follower era of Instagram that was pre-TikTok. Mhm. And you created content and it was mostly served to your followers. And, you know, I think there's just a different style of content that works. It's a different place in the funnel. People are consuming platforms different It was a little bit more social media or something else, but, you know, where where they wanted to see what brands had to say and things like that. And with TikTok, every platform is TikTok. Like, I think sometimes people will talk about TikTok and they'll they'll be like, make big TikToks, not not ads, you know, like, followers don't matter. And and they'll kind of like so like organic social teams will do that. And then when they get to Instagram, they'll have a very different approach. And I'm not like, don't throw the baby out with the bathwater. Like, there's still value in doing like some more branded stuff on Instagram and like having a brand presence, but I think every platform that ha almost every platform has a short-form vertical video algorithmically generated feed Mhm. that shows content to people that engage with it that are not necessarily followers. And you can look and and you can look at some brands or celebrities that have millions of followers that get very few views. And I think TikTok is the the most extreme example of this where you can have millions of followers and get almost no views or, you know, vice versa. I've seen some people stand up like Instagram accounts quickly and just make this like super socially native, engaging content, get millions of views on it with like 2,000, you know, followers. I So, I just I just think that is the platform and the algorithm. And it's I'm sure there are differences, but it's not that dissimilar between organic and paid. And people I think what it means, we'll talk about next, but I think people are going to be served content, whether it's an ad or an organic post, um that they engage with, that the algorithm thinks they're going to engage with, right? And no one is seeing the same feed. It's just like whole like monoculture thing is dead. Or it used to be like back 40 years ago, maybe even 20 years ago, it's like, you do a TV ad, everyone sees the same media, there's no personalization, right? And now we're in like the complete other end of the spectrum where it's hyper-personalization at scale. That's like a a term Meta uses a lot. And again, it's true on organic and paid. And I think that is like the real underpinning behind this creative [snorts] differentiation. And it really it's it's style content goes into everything, but it's really who are you creating content for and it's going to be served to people that engage with it versus your followers. Right. Okay, so I think this is an interesting point. One, I totally agree. You know, the the For You feed For You feed For You feed is is a massive shift in social media consumption that happened many years ago at this point. I do think what you're describing and the way that I've been thinking about it, too, is it's forced organic social to be more competitive. You You You previously had almost a captive audience. If I had 100,000 followers and I just posted on my feed and the feed the follower base, I would get distribution and I didn't have to compete nearly as much with other people. Now, it's democratized it a little bit. You could have You could You could start an account today and go viral if you had the right post. Totally. And it's what I joke all the time, dude. I think I think organic social especially like Instagram, um Reels, people are so incredibly good, it's unbelievable. Like Like, just random people in in rural flyover states are making like incredible content because it is Yeah, it's democratized. You could be anywhere in the world at any size, and if you're creating great content, you can earn your way into people's For You feeds. And that has forced content creators to take a more performance lens to things. I think organic social's also become more analytical, right? Um and you can definitely see that with with with some things like YouTube where the random creator's thinking about retention rates and click-through rates and things like that. Um so, I agree with all of this. One point, I think you make it in a different tweet, you say, you guys want to be creating content that gets shared and prioritizing that. Tho- Those these two observations, um you know, creating more content for the For You feed, and then in another thought, you said creating content, ad content in this context, that gets shared, those feel very connected. Would you agree? Yeah, I I think so cuz I think good content is good content. And, you know, you talked about the the social feed is more competitive. Like, that's true across organic and paid, you know? And I think there there should be at least what I've noticed is our best ads, our best performing ads that we can scale the hardest, there is and this is maybe a controversial take in direct response land. There is value in those ads outside of buying something, if you know what I mean. Like, there's some either humor, relatability, education, something like that, entertainment that is of the content outside of ads. And I think the stuff that is just selling, it's outside of like a bottom-of-funnel static, right? I'm talking like top-of-funnel video content, there's there's some value in that. And I think it's obviously a good algorithmic signal, but it's a good algorithmic signal because people are are liking it and Meta's looking at that. This reminds me a little bit of like, you know, David Herman's a big proponent of with a very small percentage of your budget, leave on the ads that are getting good engagement rates despite maybe not having a high ROAS, which is which is kind of what we're saying. And I think the future's definitely some mix. Ridge in the in the past is for sure exclusively focused on the content that's generating ROAS on a measurable basis. Um I do think best-case scenario would be some amount of the account focused on shareability, engagement, because there is value created outside of your one-day click ROAS. Yeah, absolutely. Totally agree. But what But what I do think is I think there's a lot of fantastic content that gets really high engagement that's not generating intent and and isn't creating all that much value. That's why I I do think best-case scenario for someone like Ridge is it's it is a single-digit percentage of budget going to this like engagement-first approach because a lot of the time when we're spending money on Meta, we want to be trying to generate intent. So, at least from Ridge's perspective, we want to be we want to be um far and away uh focused on the the intent-generating content. Yeah, yeah. No, I absolutely agree. And if we were looking at some of the content, I'm thinking like, we had some partnership ads where like, you know, a a girl said, um or like a mom said her kid just woke up for a nap, just woke up from a nap, and like she had 5 minutes to do makeup, but it was there there was just some emotion to that that you could kind of feel that like was relatable to a parent, right? Even though it was like and then she's using product and it's selling, you know? It's just like there's some emotion that it's invoking rather than just buy this thing. So, I agree with you. You can go Yeah. There there's a Venn diagram and and the overlap is probably smaller than I'm making it out to be. But I think the point is there is an overlap. It's not organic here and and DR here. Like there is more of an overlap. Um that that I think needs to happen. And then this goes to my next point. So you know how like this is going to be one of those like statements that you're probably going to be like, yes, like where have you been? Like you've been sleeping? You know how like Mark Andreessen says software is eating the world? Like for our world creator is eating the world. Mhm. We're just we're in the creator era. We've been in it, but like we're very much in the creator era. I think brands are not uniquely positioned to succeed in this era. I think there there there are some, don't get me wrong. And I think the most successful brands and you obviously see creators turn into brands, you know? But I think brands either need to have that engine. It was like 5 years ago when everyone's like, yeah, you have to be a media company. And everyone tried to have their like, you know, Into the Gloss version. It's just like everything obviously for for a consumer brand is is is audience and is is attention. But creators are where all the attention is going. It's not going to your your your press, right? It's not going to TV screens. It's going to these screens and feeds. And you know, we need to either be good at making content or work with people that are good at. So I think that's why partnership ads are working well. But I think that's why I also think this like direct response UGC from these agencies like I again, I'm I think it's dead or dying. I know it still works for some people, but I think I think I think we're in the creator era and I think we used to be in this era where we were in the editor era, right? Where I know you've talked about it. I know Taylor Holiday even said it like that like your highest paid person on your marketing team should be an editor. I'm not saying there's no value in having a a great creative library and being able to make assets, but I think with these Andromeda changes, there's just there's there's a ceiling on it that's a lot lower than it used to be. What's your thoughts on that? Do you Well, let me I have one question here. Uh do you think brands are not well suited to win in the creator era? And is that because content consumption has moved away? Like it will just be hard to drive volume from a single brand profile? Or do you think it's just that brands internally are are not as good at creating content in the way that they need? The latter. I think I think I think both, but the latter is just like not as much native in their DNA. No, again, some it is. Some some it is and then and they crush, you know? Whether they're a Feastables type creator brand, you know, started by a creator like those brands I think are are uniquely positioned, or whether it's just somebody who just really gets it. Mhm. But I I think the majority of like DTC brands, DTC 2.0 brands, it's not their native instinct. Yeah, totally. Um what I would say, at least how how I'm We we have a listing out we're hiring director of social at Ridge. We haven't had an organic social person for 2 years. Um it's going to be a it's going to be a a new hire director level. I'm super excited about it. And what's funny and how it's very related here is like it almost the way it's specked out is it's almost going to be like a performance role. Like it is it is about you're going to have to have the chops to create great content. We're going to have someone curating a beautiful feed. It is how are we getting distribution on these organic channels? The way that I see all these coming together is like I think a big part of this role will be harnessing the power of a larger set of creators. I think we're And and many people are already here, right? But like the best organic social strategy is not necessarily creating content as a brand and posting on social. It's really like seeding a bunch of product and having 100, 200, 300 people who will speak about your brand in an organic way. And the reason why I still think there's a lot of value to extract from like the editor perspective is they the best brand strategy is many times just aggregating that content, re-editing it, and then sharing it via ads and social and and things like that. So where we are incredibly aligned is that the best way to create content right now is at the creator level and in a more distributed way. You're going to get more distribution that way. You're going to get better content that way. And I believe the best content strategy for Ridge, for for our profiles, will really just be repurposing a lot of that content. Okay. Yeah, I was going to ask about that. Like if you see that person working very closely with your paid team and you see more more more overlap than maybe like in years past. Um historically there was essentially no overlap. And next year I imagine them working extremely closely together. Mhm. Yeah, yeah. I mean I think we agree with a lot of it. And again, I'm not saying don't do mashups and edit all that stuff together. I just think there is only so much you can get out of it these days. And and and really the the 80/20 is in the creator content. Yeah. Uh to total alignment there. So what's uh So so you're looking at it from building the team, things like that. Completely agree. I could even see a world where there's actually one creative strategist. And I think that's a crazy thing to say. Obviously look at our size, we need multiple. But it's actually like Cuz think about the majority of creative strategy for for for growth teams is being done for Meta. Not all of it, but and it's social. And I think it's where you guys have done a good job. I believe you guys have creators as your creative strategist, right? Like people that have some Tik Tok following. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And did you do I don't want to put your words in your mouth. Did you do that because you were like, hey, it's easier to teach somebody who knows content, short-form social content, ads than it is to teach somebody who knows ads content? Yes, absolutely 1,000%. And I've seen this mentioned too, where it's like, you know, everything's moving towards content. You made that point earlier. Media buyers trying to become content strategist. And some will totally be able to do it, but I think the way more natural progression is somebody who's already getting Across our team, we've got like in aggregate of 4 million or 5 million followers. It's like the team knows how to create content. They also very much they consume a lot of content and they consume it through a strategic lens. So taking that knowledge and expertise and just putting it through the like, hey, now we need to create content that generates intent to purchase this product is is a much easier gap to bridge than trying to get somebody who's never created content before, doesn't post on social, and try to get them making content or briefing out content that's going to be compelling. Black Friday, you're about to crush it. The real job is keeping that momentum going past Black Friday, past holiday, and all the way into next year. Prussian helps brands turn peak season wins into predictable, profitable velocity. Powered by a suite of proprietary machine learning models and a causality first validation layer, Prussian reveals what actually drove lift. It combines surveys, it combines multi-touch attribution, and incrementality. And then it forecasts where your next dollar media will drive real incremental profit. Top brands like Coterie, Guess, HexClad, Jones Road Beauty, Mary Ruth, and many more are using Prussian to quantify halo effects across Shopify, Amazon retail, so their teams know exactly where to reinvest. So, what actual questions can Prussian help you answer? Let's dig into it a little bit. Question number one, do I need to increase, decrease, or reallocate spend for the shopping season? Prussian shows the optimal media mix to drive the strongest Q4 performance, whether your budget grows or shrinks. Question number two, where should I put additional Q4 budget? Prussian delivers recommendations based on current BFCM dynamics, your vertical, and your optimal ad spend allocation. Question number three, can Prussian measure cross-channel effects, especially between Shopify and Amazon? Yes, Prussian uniquely tracks halo effects and ad impact across both platforms, revealing where to dial back and where to double down. This is actually one of the very first problems that HexClad onboarded with Prussian to solve is understanding the total impact across both dot com and Amazon over ad spend. Prussian's models are benchmarked against $6 billion in ad spend, so the recommendations you are getting aren't just theory. They've actually been tested against billions of real media dollars. And if you are ready to see where your next dollar media will drive profit, visit prussian.ai.com/operators to forecast your growth with Prussian. So I mean a lot of this a lot of my my my takes here are just things that you're already doing. Either that you're thinking about or or already doing. So I think it's interesting that we're like getting to it at different times and points. And and also getting getting to it slightly differently, but I find it interesting and and telling that like we're we're kind of coming to very similar conclusions, you know, at the same time. Yeah, yeah. No, I had this it was I mean it was probably 2 years ago now, 2 and 1/2 years ago, where we were hiring for a No, no, no. I mean frankly like um No, no, no. There's we're probably split 50/50. Like we're still super DR UGC focused. We are somewhere in between like creator era and editor era. We're like right in between there. But um I was really blown away. I think we were hiring for an organic social role a couple years ago, and we didn't end up hiring for it. We ended up hiring a creative strategist instead. And I was blown away by the quality of creators that were applying. And that was like the lightbulb moment for me where I was like, oh, this this is the skill set we want to be hiring for. Um or it's just a fantastic indicator of who we can train up internally. They're relatively They were relatively junior roles at the time um to actually become like a high-performing creative strategist. I love that. No, I think that's great. I I love that. I've been thinking a a lot about that. Um cuz I feel like that's like it's like putting your money where your mouth is. It's like if you believe in creator, not only is are you working with creators, but you're actually making a creator like a leadership position in your company. >> Right. Totally. And I I mean obviously you guys did that with with Mark as and stuff like that. And I know you're you're learning content from him as well. But like I think that's just like such a great way to put your money where your mouth is and and really being creator first. And we can do an entire episode not just paid social on like how to lean into creator. Like we're having, you know, we're you'll see a lot of brands doing it, but we're doing we're doing product collabs with creators, you know? Like like I think I think the era of celebrity partnerships is, you know, is is is still going to happen, but I think creator partnerships is going to, you know, obviously be a a bigger thing. So, do you um foresee Jones Road hiring a creator to create content for you internally? So, uh here I was at the meta Yeah. Um potentially, yes. Okay. Cuz I was just going to say like we haven't we haven't gotten there at all. We have creators on the team, but they're in strategy roles briefing out to other people creating content. And at some point we probably make that jump, and I'm just curious where you sit on it. Yeah, here's here's where I'm at. We're testing something right now. Uh by the way, this will be I think we have Jaymo from VaynerMedia on next week. Bobby and I know Gary a little, and he's been I have like a bunch of friends from like high school that work for him. And so, we have a good relationship, and occasionally he'll share some advice. And and we were chatting social lately, and like his whole thing is is brandformance, which is like very the similar hypothesis, but they'll just see whatever does well organically. And and what I don't know, I can ask we can ask Jaymo is whether they actually just run that as an ad or they're like take those insights, make it a little bit more DR, but it's that's like a lot of their hypothesis and and kind of like teaching. So, that'll be interesting. So, we were at we were at the meta performance roadshow like a month ago, maybe 6 weeks ago. And do you know that um like the new product where you can see like what reels are trend or what topics of reels are trending in your space? I was like, I wish I had a full-time creator or two that just sees that and is working 40 hours a week and just like makes makes reels and just like puts it up in the account. Like no approvals, no anything. Cuz cuz like I think a lot of times like brands' organic social teams, right? They're they're doing everything in Asana. There's multiple rounds of edits, stuff like that. Like that's not how social should be done. But like that's also how a lot of agencies are. Like if you think about these UGC agencies in quotes, like there's there's pre-production meetings, there's scripts, there's approval by committee where it's like the agency sometimes are making edits that the brands are asking them to make not for performance reasons. And then there's also so many hypotheses or opinions of you got to change this, got to change this, and it's like let's just let performance dictate, you know? And I think it's like it's it's a very slow workflow. And it's like it's, you know, I find that content like not produced enough to be brand building, right? But not like like too produced to like Yeah. So, I think you should go higher low is like one of my other thoughts. Okay, I like this point a lot. I think that's a good one. And look, I think on this I think me, you, and Connor are all in the boat of the like I don't think we're like bureaucratic or like over operationalized, but like we're way more in that realm. You know what it reminds me of a little bit? Also extremely early to this trend is Oliver from Tabs Chocolate, who's now doing Boss Box. >> Is I mean that was at least 3 years ago, three or four years ago. He was like, "Look, I have dozens of creators. They all have individual brand pages on TikTok." So, they all look like, from a consumer perspective, like they are posting from the Tabs Chocolate TikTok, but there's no approvals. Those people were just on retainer and then a small CPM bonus based on the views that they drove. And that's kind of the future that you're talking about. It's just like just solve it in mass, and then I don't think Tabs Chocolate got to the point of running ads um probably at some point, but you can imagine a future where you've produced so much content that re-ingesting that through the official brand page, through the official brand ad account is much easier, and you have a lot to work with. And that is uh that is a that is a kind of workflow of content creation that I don't think all that many brands are tapped into. Yeah, so and so so that's what we're going to before I'm going to hire two creators cuz again, I don't know if that's the move. Um what I'm doing it cuz I was essentially thinking about that, and then with TikTok Shop a lot of people are doing that on TikTok Shop, right? Where like they'll they'll see TikTok Shop creators, you know? The reason why I think that's the style of content is first of all, it's social, right? It's on TikTok. But also there's some level of sales and persuasion that these creators know. Right. >> And then they'll run it GMV max, and whatever performs well they'll then take that over to meta, right? Like that's a perfect work stream. We're just not on shop and don't want to be. So, I found essentially a version of uh you know, I intro'd you to the other day a version of uh of Oliver. There's just these like cracked kids who just have like TikTok Shop Discords and WhatsApps of like hundreds of creators. I have no idea how they find them, but like we're going to sound so old saying this. And so, we're we're testing it, and you can get a lot of content very cheap. And we we launched the stuff yesterday. So, I don't know how it's doing it, but I am as impressed with this stuff compared to almost anything we've gotten from any of these like UGC agencies. And but the thing is it's cheaper, right? And it's also like lower lift. Like we didn't brief it, we didn't script it, we didn't edit. Like we got content, and we put it up, and I think it's A, volume is super important, but also like we're not making all of these variations. Like we're getting one video, we're getting two video, but they're like different videos from each creator. We're not like, "Hey, we need, you know, four concepts with four hooks, and we're going to take 2 weeks to edit them." It's just like boom, give us stuff today, they post it, it goes up. Yeah. So, that's what we're doing. No, I I I like that a lot. Um I think it's a good strategy. I think it's super aligned. It it's really interesting. Um we're all in the same bucket. But like not only are we talking about something are the people that you're talking about, are they posting on their own channels or they're just delivering content? We are not we're just getting content cuz we're not on shop. So, but you definitely could. That would just be a different strategy. Um and I also yeah, I wonder how much correlation you would have. Like I wonder if you could save creative testing costs by seeing what actually does well organically first, and then like not launching as much paid Potentially. I like and and that make it makes total sense conceptually. It goes back to my earlier point where I'm like, "I do worry about I think there's stuff that would do decently from an organic perspective, but might generate intent at such a high rate that you're actually just better off promoting it." You know what I mean? There's almost like a sweet spot of like gets enough engagement, but is salesy enough that it's a fantastic ad, but might not have like gone viral in the feed. Yeah, no. I mean I agree. Even with partnership ads, like we'll do a lot of like, you know, paid influencer work, and run that as a partnership ad. And we haven't found a good correlation between like what does well as an organic reel. Like something will will will will will do great there and won't do great as an ad, and vice versa. So, I agree. Um and then so so here's this is a test. If this works, we're going to scale it up. Like it's a super easy thing to do and just and just scale up and find more creators to do. Uh number two, I want to hire one of the successful creators as like a freelance creative strategist. So, uh I think you guys have done this well. I think like um Alejandro from Mott & Bow has done this really well where like he has a pod, and he'll have a creative strategy pod by different product. Mhm. I want to do it by persona. Like I want to hire one of the creators and and and have her on retainer as a creative strategist. And so, anytime we have a launch, it's like, "Okay, you're a mom you're a creator who's a mom, help us come up first make content, and then also come up with all of the things we should be saying to moms for this, you know?" And then if we have a busy professional instead of our next one, like let me find somebody in that. That's like my thing, which is kind of similar to what you've done for your creative strategy team. But at the persona level, which makes which makes total sense. Um Yeah, look. I I think you're totally right. I think we'll talk about this way more over the next year. Have you heard any of the interviews from Hudson at Comfort? No, I met him once, and it was like pretty early, and and I know a little bit of the strategy. Um tell me more about And then and then one last thing, and then I want to hear I want to hear cuz it seems like they're they're like the best of us. >> Well, that that that's all I'm going to say is they they just they do the TikTok Shop affiliate route to incentivize people to create content. They do it at massive volume. I've heard they have hundreds of thousands of people signed up as TikTok Shop affiliates. Uh and and then and then they are just producing such mass content that they're able to repurpose across Snapchat, things like that. Like he's just absolutely nailed extremely high volume content. You get everything you could possibly have under the sun. You get a handful of great ads on that, and that feeds like awesome paid strategy. Um and I think that's an extremely modern way of doing it. Yeah, no, dude. Um when we were at Beanstalk, like Shawn organized a brunch, and there were a few guys there doing similar things, and it's just it's just wild. And I think you know how like when we started in D2C and like meta ads were like the arbitrage, and we looked at these like older brands doing like, you know, radio ads and TV, and like we thought they were old. I think that's how these guys look at us. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. No, 100%. Um I've Yeah, yeah. Someone called this old heads on Twitter recently, and I was like, "Yeah, that's that's accurate." We're about to be called unk. What you're also describing um is very like Wopp adjacent. Yeah. And like Wopp is it was introduced to me as a clipping platform early on, which was like you would have a the equivalent of Discord. The community actually live in Wopp, but like you would be feeding them content, they'd be clipping it out, they'd be sharing it, you'd be getting new variations and distribution that way. But Wopp's also moved into actual just UGC content creation, which is exactly what you've described. So, Oh, I didn't know. I feel like SaaS is actually ahead here. Like like obviously there's like Chloe and all that stuff. Like I feel like SaaS is actually probably doing this better than like a lot of CPG. Dude, B2B I think I think Connor and I had a conversation around this earlier this year because B2B SaaS is the most interesting I think a lot of it comes from uh actually some of the crypto stuff or the gambling stuff are like they end up doing some of the most interesting um marketing strategies right now. It's all organic driven because you can't, you know, there's more limitations on what you can say and do when you're promoting gambling on meta or whatever. Um, but just because of that they they've there's a lot of these like really interesting case studies. So, um yeah, I think we could be learning from the the B2B SaaS guys. Yeah. And then and then last thing and and um like he always does Taylor Holiday, you know, had some pushback on this tweet. And and I I I might agree with this part. I hate to say it and I also owe him a rebuttal cuz he him and Andrew Ferris sub-tweeted me on on a pod. So, we got to get to that one soon. Um, but he said he was like how does having like a full-time creator get you to differentiated creative? And that's my only thing I don't know about is like I don't know if we want to pay, you know, let's say I'm just going to say 7K a month if you know, if I have 7K a month, I don't know if it is the most effective to have that go to one person to get 40 reels. It might be better to take that 7K across a bunch of different people. I don't know. Um, I think maybe some combination of each. Yeah, for sure. I mean, if the goal is exclusively creative diversity, one person's probably not the right way to go. But there's so much value if they are creative like you have to think, right? Creative diversity is good. But at the end of the day like the best Jones Road I'm trying to think. Like um creative diversity is good, but it's not as if the the optimal scenario is an evenly distributed set of diverse creative that you have [clears throat] 10% of this, 10% of this, 10% of this. For Jones Road, it's going to be I don't you know, I don't know exactly what it is. But you'll over-index in a certain type of creative that just does better for your largest swath of of customers and potential customers. Um, and having a creator who's really good at producing for that person it's totally worth paying 7K a month for 40 reels a week. Yeah, exactly. Cuz it's not that's not our that's 5% of our creative resources. Yeah, exactly. You know, for a month. It's not It's not like that. So, yeah, I think from a budget but if you're starting out, right? Should you be hiring a full-time creator? Probably not. But you can also make the argument you actually don't need that much creative diversity if you're just starting out. You just need content. Yeah, absolutely. So, I remember like right around Christmas time when most people should probably normal people were like off taking that taking their time chilling with family. I was like looking through our P&L, our budget for next year and I was like how are we going to save money? And one things I did is I leaned all out of our partners and I remember slacking Ameet from RichPanel and I was like what can you do? How can you help us? We had just switched to RichPanel few months before, went really well. And I I told him jokingly by the way, I want to throw it out there jokingly, that if he could help cut about 500K from our customer service cost, I'd get a RichPanel tattoo. Well, we did that. You've probably seen the tweet. He did some AI thing of me with a neck neck tattoo. I'm not going to do it. Sorry Ameet, but I will talk about how much I love RichPanel and how much Ameet has helped us. So, we had 18 support agents before. It was a lot and it just was not scalable. We had so many people. We had this like old legacy software. It was slow, it was broken, it was expensive and it just took too many people to operate. So, we not only made the switch, but Ameet and his team really helped us. Now we have eight people and we have a much better CSAT score. Our numbers are way better. Our response times are way quicker. We're leveraging a lot of automation, a lot of AI, but again has not hurt customer experience. We track and I get a weekly report of our CSAT, of all of our stuff, of our NPS and it's going up cuz we're actually able to get back to people, get people better answers. Uh, the the automation learns from our best agents. So, it just continually is getting better. We switched to RichPanel about 2 weeks before Black Friday. Might be a crazy thing to do, but it was super easy. We came out of Black Friday for the first time in 3 years with no ticket backlog. The software and support has blown us away. I highly recommend you switch. If you do it and they save you a lot of money, you should probably get a tattoo, but it's not something my wife would let me get away with. But yeah, if you're running an e-commerce brand, I highly recommend you switch to RichPanel. You'll be able to leverage their software, save money on software costs, which is great, while saving a significant amount of money on personal costs. So, if you want to go into Q4 with a leaner, smarter support setup and come out of there without this crazy ticket backlog, just make your CX team happier, go to richpanel.com/demo. Tell them Cody from Marketing Operations sent you and tell them you're ready to get a tattoo. All right. Well, that was fun, Cody. That was a good conversation. Creative got me flowing, got me got my juices flowing, a lot of ideas. But want to pause, take a break cuz we have a special guest with a special sponsor segment. We have Kathy Sun, the VP of e-commerce from AppLovin here to talk about AppLovin Axon. They just released their uh self-serve Axon ad manager, which is open to anyone with a referral code, which we have. It's uh it's a long one, so we'll make sure we put it in the show notes. Uh, DM us if you need it. But Kathy, thank you so much for joining us. Yeah, thank you. Really happy to be here. I always thought I'd be on this podcast at some point. I'm glad we were able to make it happen. Yeah. I'm glad you chose this one over operators. That's all I got to say. >> Um, but yeah, really excited to be here. Big big news. AppLovin uh Connor and I both been spending for over a year, but you guys have obviously been making a lot of progress, a lot of making a lot of waves and is now available self-serve and to everybody with a referral code. Um, again, we'll we'll share the code. It's a it's a long one, but if you need um highly recommend getting on on AppLovin. Uh, Kathy, my first question for you, what is Axon? What is Axon? Axon is uh the name for our new self-serve platform. It's AppLovin as everyone knows, but to the extent that people are not yet aware and you know, we we have actually only been around for a year. It's basically it's showing long-form um video ads in in mobile games. So, they're around 35 seconds long on average and you imagine yourself you're playing a game, you're playing 5-10 minutes and then there's a you start a new game, there's going to be a longish ad in there that you can then watch and then to the point that if you want to buy something, you click and then there's a deterministic match to a purchase that happens on your website. So, um I'm happy to show an example if that would be helpful to people. Let's do it. Okay. >> really be watching more ads on this show, Cody. And it's embarrassing that this only happens once in a blue moon. I have no idea [clears throat] what's going to pop up. So, um let's see. So, can can you guys see my screen? Yes. And we should describe we're looking at a mobile solitaire game. Yes. So, we're looking at this game. Um, I will actually share you guys a link to it. It's it's uh an indie game developer. Um, a friend of uh someone on the team built this, but it only shows e-com ads. So, I think that helps a little bit. But you can see it's a pretty basic solitaire game. You're trying to get some points here. I have 100,000 points and here it's if I uh if I click this and I can double the points that I'm going to able uh I'll be able to get for the next 5 minutes. So, if I look see that I'm in a good spot, I might click that. And sorry, that you can't get the audio, but this looks like it's ad for Paleo Valley. So, you can see there's no way to kind of swipe away from this ad. You're you're basically sitting here for >> you know, a full minute, right? Uh it looks like in this case. And you just end up kind of I mean, what are you going to do? Put your phone down and stare into space? Like it's it's really engaging, immersive. You're there, you're watching the entire message as you wait to get back to your game. And you're getting a real reward at the end of the day, right? You get a hit of dopamine when it's over and you feel like, okay, there was an actual value exchange. It wasn't something that's kind of annoying me in the middle of the other content that I'm trying to look at. Um, I'm actually getting something for this. So, this is actually the interactive. So, this is a um the video has ended and after the timer runs out. So, this is this is a special part of um the AppLovin ad format in the second screen. Sometimes this is a mini game. I know Paleo Valley has a couple of those as well. Um, but if you click on this, obviously you go to their website. And then the third screen of the ad is this dynamic product ad. So, again they've brought in their feed. It's probably Marpipe or something like that. Looks pretty nice. Um, and I'll just click and see what happens. Oh, sorry. But yeah, it that it hypothetically that would go to um that would go to your website. So, uh uh uh super super interesting. I'm curious cuz that's not there's many different ad units within AppLovin now, right? They're not all completely non-skippable in the way that we just watched. We In that in order to get the 2x points >> is a bit of a longer one, yes. Um, but they're all three parts like that and the shortest one you can skip after around 5 seconds and most people skip at the 8-second mark. So, on average it's about 35 seconds the whole experience. And then and then I'm curious um I'm I'm asking for Ridge here. Uh like what what percentage of our ads are showing up in the fully non-skippable inventory? It's about 50/50 across the board. Yeah. Cuz I'm always saying I'm always saying uh just the the quality of the ad units really high. Full-screen takeover, short-form vertical video. I always bring up the five non-skippable seconds. I'm like that's extremely valuable. Um, and I wasn't even aware that we had so so much of our inventory going towards non-skippable ads. Yeah, this is the main thing with people that have tried it is um we get really basic questions on what the ad format even looks like even from people that have spent millions of dollars on the platform, which is pretty funny to me, but um I get it. It's hard if you download any random game because there's so many gaming ads to even find the e-com ones. And so, hopefully, you know, we'll share the link to this one, but you should see all e-com ads in this one and then you can start to start to see the experience. But yeah, they they tend to be very long. Um, you know, last last Q4, I think it was January, we we put out an official number that we were at about a billion-dollar run rate in e-com spend back then. So, if you think about, you know, you guys probably see around a $25 CPM, that's like 100 million impressions a day at 35 seconds each you're running a million hours of ad view time per day. Then it starts to make sense of why we're driving millions of dollars in sales, right? I mean, there's the algorithm behind it, but just the sheer amount of time that people are spending with your ads, I think is is pretty unique and it's it's a pretty good format. So, yeah, it seems like from my perspective of the market, you guys kind of came out of nowhere last year. You know, I think a lot of D2C advertisers hadn't heard about you. And I think there was there was very equal parts optimism. I think brands have been have wanted another channel to to scale and that has scale and significant performance for so long and there have been very few that were very consistent for a bunch of brands. But then there was also there was a ton of optimism, but there was also I think a lot of skepticism because, you know, how could this working so well so quickly? So, how what makes the the engine so good? Like what why are brands able to scale so hard and see like really good performance when you know, a lot of these other things have not worked? Yeah, 100%. I mean, I think we're so used to skepticism as a business. I mean, my background is that I I invested in the business in 2018 when I was at KKR. I think we were one of the first kind of outside institutional capital in the business at that time and we were able to invest at like a 1.4 billion equity valuation and you can see where it is now and the only reason we were able to do an investment at that time at that kind of multiple is that, you know, everyone's skeptical. Everyone doesn't believe in mobile gaming inventory. Historically, there hasn't been any model that any other industry outside of gaming has been able to use to be competitive, I think, in in that inventory, right? Cuz if you think about it, in the gaming space we're we're really really strong and gaming advertisers don't do things on instinct. They they are extremely performance oriented. I mean, I don't I don't think they do as much in terms of upper funnel and omni channel and TV the way that other advertisers do and so they really really look at the numbers and so at the time I was thinking if if mobile gaming advertisers are willing to spend money on this channel, that means there's something here, right? Um and it's it's not a small market, right? It's about 100 billion of spend happens in mobile games a year on in-app purchases and currency and things like that. And the reason that we're able to, I think, be very competitive with Facebook and Google in this in the gaming industry specifically in our history is that the models are always really good at predicting who would install and actually make those purchases inside the game. So, actually buy currency, buy gems, buy whatever it is. And the our models has kept getting better and better. So, if you think about it, of the what we disclosed last year, we were about a billion in e-commerce, 10 billion in in gaming spend. And I think last quarter we were growing 80% year over year. So, our models are still continuing to get better and better at just finding purchasers. Cuz you think about it, like nobody wants to play a game and buy something, right? So, it's a combination of the model and then the ad format that I showed you that I think is is pretty differentiated. One thing I've thought a lot about that I think is unique is again um I've said this from the very beginning about AppLovin cuz the CPMs are higher than Meta. Yeah. But the watch time is so much longer, right? Like we have a we have our best at I mean, undoubtedly um our our great thumb stop rate on Meta for us if someone watches 3 seconds, it's about 30%, 35%, something like that. On AppLovin, you have five non-skippable seconds. So, all of a sudden if you're looking at cost per thousand impressions, AppLovin might be double what Meta is. It's like roughly what it is for us, maybe a little bit more. But if you look at cost per five seconds watched, it's like it's like a 60% cheaper on AppLovin than it is on Meta and I think that often goes missed. And and I was thinking about like how is that even possible? And it's because I think the gaming inventory is so unique in that people are very locked in. They are there to play their game. It is a very There's just more retention. If Meta rolled out five non-skippable seconds on Reels, people would just click out and go watch YouTube shorts or watch TikTok. >> It's a completely different dynamic, which is why playing game it's helpful because people are actually clicking and wanting to watch that ad or they are, you know, playing a couple games and then an ad comes up. So, they've been playing 15 minutes and then there's a single ad. So, it's very different from a feed like TikTok or Instagram where, you know, every other one is an ad and so that's why we can that's why people are okay with watching such a long ad because it's similar to TV. You watch 15 minutes of a TV episode, then you watch an ad that that's a that feels fine versus you don't want to be watching one every every one minute of TV, one minute of ads, right? So, it's just a different it's a different kind of economic equation between the user and the ad. Totally. And then do you know cuz just also I'm really curious, I don't mean to derail the conversation too much here, Katie, but what percentage of ads are viewed because they're getting rewarded in the game? Like that example that you showed. Yeah, so it's like that 50/50 that we discussed. So, when they get a reward, it can go minimum minimum 30 seconds, right? When they're not getting a reward and it's between they're just trying to get to the next level, it's probably yeah, that's that's where the five-second one comes in. But it's but it's a five-second is only the first screen, then you get the second screen and the third screen. So, the overall minimum is still like 10 seconds. Love it. If you are running or operating a DTC brand, the next few months, BFCM and the holidays are your Super Bowl. The question is, are you doing everything you can to maximize average order value on every single purchase? After sell by Rockt to make sure you are. After sell is the leading post-purchase optimization suite trusted by over 50,000 e-commerce brands. With one-click upsells, cart and checkout optimizations, and Rockt thanks monetization, After sell helps you get the most out of every transaction without adding friction. Brands like Jones Road, Ridge Wallet, Hex Clad, and Shoe Classic love it and here's why. The data tells the story. One-click post-purchase upsell that convert up to 16% of buyers instantly. Smart checkout and cart offers that feel natural, not pushy, driving up to 30% higher AOV. And Rockt thanks, which turns your thank you page into a profit center with premium partner offers from brands like Disney Plus and HelloFresh. Hex Clad's been using After sell for a really long time. I love After sell. First off, there's no friction with After sell. It's all happening post-purchase. So, it plugs in really really well with your existing funnels that your team is spending hours building and optimizing. And it it truly is just incremental revenue on top of orders you're already going to get. Naturally, a subset of people that have already made a purchase for you are going to see this after sell push. There's going to be an offer that they really like and they're going to add that product on with one click. There is literally hundreds of thousands of dollars of incremental revenue happening on Hex Clad every single month simply through this post-purchase after sell up and cross-sell. And it is very easy to set up. You don't need any custom design, no custom HTML. It plugs in really nicely to your post-purchase page and it's just incremental revenue on top of all the conversions that you're already driving. So, it's really a no-brainer to set up. It's crushing for Hex Clad. On average, brands using After sell see a 30% lift in AOV and 20 to 30,000 dollars in pure profit per 100,000 orders from Rockt thanks alone. Don't just sell more, make more from what you're already selling. Head to aftersell.com/operators to activate Rockt thanks and get the full After sell suite free exclusively for Marketing Operators listeners. I have I I have so many questions. It's just like where do we want to get? >> We're having fun. What what do brands need to know? I want to share from me and Connor's perspective cuz obviously we're we're we're both spending on the platform and and can talk about what performance. But like Katie first, like what do brands need to know about getting on AppLovin? Are there certain types of brands that succeed? Is it certain demographics? Are there certain creative styles? Is it certain average order values? Does it work for everybody? Where where do we start? I would say you guys are pretty sophisticated. You guys know a lot relative to the average e-commerce brand because they haven't been able to get into the platform, right? And so, I would just kind of go back to the fact that we've launched this self-serve platform. We've completely rebuilt our systems. I don't know if you guys remember when we even switched from billing to credit card. Now everyone's like, we didn't even have a system to accept credit card before and now we do. Um so, it's been, you know, this huge sprint over the entire year and last summer to to get the platform ready for this and we've leaned into is just simplicity. So, you guys know we don't have all sorts of different targeting options. It's basically you can go Our goal is like 15 minutes from couple clicks, pixel install, drop in a couple 9 by 16 videos. I mean, the more the better, obviously, 9 by 16 images and you could have a campaign going very very rapidly, right? Without much effort and manual intervention by advertisers. That's where we think the market is going and we've kind of built for that. in terms of what people should know, I think what what I think is very interesting is the opportunity for a lot of the smaller brands that have started with us. I mean, we have people at this point we started on October 1st. We already have people who you know, came in off the street and are spending more than five uh figures a day. So, I think that's a really positive sign for how even without a person hand-holding them along the way and making creatives for them that they can they can be successful on their own. And and Connor, you've said this a lot, but I think talk about like the creative and like being able to port it over and like having it be like in another place to put, you know, creatives that you're already seeing. Like how Uh yeah, yeah. So, our I've talked about this all the time. I just mentioned it that I think what is easy for advertisers to not take account is the difference in the ad unit. So, you have these you just have a significantly better watch time. It is It is four or five times better than than something like a meta. Um so, we can edit our content accordingly, right? On meta when we're running ads, we need to earn those first 3 seconds. That's why you have we do gunshot hooks and we have people shredding wallets and things like that cuz we want to get them interested immediately so that they're not It's called a thumb stop. We don't want them uh swiping right past. Apple is fundamentally different for the first 5 seconds of that ad. We can actually It's more like a YouTube in-stream where you also have five non-skippable seconds. We can establish a premise. We can earn attention in a way that's a little bit more substantive and I think our creative should reflect that. Um so, I talk about that all the time. And it is short-form vertical video, so we have a lot of content that already fits that format. It's just a matter of editing it a little bit differently given the ad unit. My second question is it's not so much a question, but feedback that I've gotten from the Apple Oven team that I've we've internalized and are trying to action on better going into November and December is the importance of Cody and I just talked about this for 45 minutes. Uh more ads. And I think And and Kathy, I'd love for you to comment on this. What I've been told is the way the ad auction works, it's kind of naturally higher frequency. Therefore, we need to have more ads so we're not driving up frequency on the exact same piece of content all the time. Is that correct? Yeah, I I would say if you if you play that game a little bit, you'll start to see we only have a couple hundred advertisers in the platform. Pre-sell, right? You'll start to see the same advertisers over again cuz that's all we have, right? I I was super excited the other day because I bought um I bought a Graza boxed wine off of one of our ads and then I got two other wine-related advertisers in a row. I was like, "Oh, we actually are now starting to build density in different categories versus there's only one furniture advertiser. There's only one, you know, uh wallet advertiser. You start to have multiple. But without that, if the if the um model has a signal that, you know, someone's interested in wallets, they're going to chase that person down with the only wallet offer they have for >> Totally. a extended period of time. And then imagine if you're watching a minute-long commercial, you don't want to watch that same one over and over again. That's just going to annoy you. Versus if you see a lot more options, then you start to learn more and more and at the end of the day suddenly you've watched like a full hour of ads about Ridge for some reason. Like there's like you must buy. Like the model will force you. Um I will tell a story about one of our one of our advertisers that joined very recently. Um we we saw that they were they were doing pretty pretty well. They're kind of like a small brand, uh like a two-person shop selling cookware. And their revenue was around like 12K at the time. They're spending 2K on the platform. Like the ROAS looks pretty solid there, but they had three videos and one um interactive or one end card, right? So, we jumped in and we tried to explain all this stuff to them. We made some interactives for them. They just put more videos in here that are long-form. Uh their revenue in within, you know, a month jumped from 12K to 130K. It's just It makes a massive difference. And that's not their revenue from us. That's their revenue overall. So, today we make 70 make up 70% of their revenue. Wow. That's crazy. And you know, their ROAS is about like 150 to 200 or like 2X. So, it's a pretty decent profit for them on every item they sell. And like that's why we're really excited about self-serve cuz we feel like some of these brands that come in, we really have an opportunity to actually change the the course of their business. And it can just be as simple as put more ads in. I will tell you when we first reached out to them, they said we don't have ads. And then when we started making money, they're like, "Oh, yeah. It's actually pretty easy to make a ton of ads." Right? You stitch other stuff together. It doesn't you know, you don't have to make new new brand new content necessarily. So, I love that story except for the fact that uh we're hearing about another cookware brand on Marketing Architects. It's a little It's a little uh little bit of a faux pas. We're we're we're at Axon here. Um also big supporters of the the Apple Oven ad platform. Yeah, 100%. I think like from my side like Apple Oven feels I know I know we're talking about like the creative differences um and like how users are using the platform feels different than paid social, but I feel like all other aspects are are very similar. I think that's one reason why I'm I'm I'm curious if you guys engineered it this way, but you know, Axon is a very good and simple ads manager. It's like interface is really good and simple. You It seems to have a a model where it's not manual targeting and it's very similar to what, you know, most people are are used to on meta and paid social. For creative is a really important thing. Um there's just not that many options really, so it makes it very easy. And then I think it seems to be >> complaint. Yeah, people want more buttons to press. They're like, "What can I do?" And I'm like, "Put more diverse ads." No, it's just more similar. And then also like it you can scale it very quickly and aggressively for like a launch and a promo versus like, you know, outside of when people are thinking about where do they go from meta? It's like YouTube, TV. It's like those are just like a very different way to do it. The measurement is completely different on those. Apple Oven I just think is closer to how most brands and teams are operating on meta, which I think just gives it more familiarity. Yeah, sure. Yeah, I think the measurability has been something that people have been really excited about because we do have a click, so it's, you know, Actually Sean Frank came up with this at a dinner we were at. He said it's clickable TV. He's like, "It's the length of a TV ad, but you can actually click and there's UTMs and you can use whatever you want." I mean, um GA Google is a great partner of ours. Triple attribution works really well. Like Northbeam um is awesome. And then a a bunch of people have done a lot of incrementality testing on the platform as well and and had really really good results. So, I think that's that That's what gives people faith that it's working and they can measure it. Yeah, we've got we've got a few holdouts on our belt. So, I have gone both ways to be totally transparent on how I feel about it and how it's working for us. I will say it it has always performed very well total incrementality for us. Yeah. The challenge we have had is just not always being able to reach new people and we've tried, you know, various things. Um we had we had lunch with some of your team a few weeks ago and they gave us feedback. They're like, "You guys just need way more creative." And I just didn't know that. Like I actually thought we had a decent amount of creative and they shared like what, you know, the volume of creative other advertisers are doing. And we've seen success. And so, we we still don't see the the best ratio compared to other channels. It's probably the worst ratio that we have of new versus repeat. But I've think about a few ways. The total return is actually so good that like I'm just making up. Let's say that we're like on meta we use Northbeam for a lot of stuff. Let's say on meta we're we're looking for like a one, right? Like a one one-day click. Well, there's a very little delta between new versus total for us now, right? On Apple Oven we might see like a 50% delta, but our one-day our new one-day click is actually not far off of our our meta. It's like similar just below. And I And like I I think there's a lot of optimizations we can make. So, it's actually a much better total return. It's a much better like just like dollars in dollars out is actually looking a lot better for us. And so, I think I just had to get past looking at just the ratio and the percent new and stuff like that. It's like, "I'll take a 10% worse new customer return still within our our our goals or ranges because the total return is that much better." Yeah, and that's the incremental total return, right? I mean, I think there's there's someone that would have shopped anyways, but if if they're repeat customer, they're a loyal customer and you measure it with a house or work magic or measured study and that is actually incremental return. I think there's still value to that. I don't know if you would dispute that. Oh, for sure. Yeah, yeah. Cody and I haven't thought about that yet. That's why CAC doesn't matter. Yeah. No, so I agree with that and I think I think everybody weights it different, right? And every business values a new versus a total differently. Um I do think that incremental and repeat often get kind of correlated together when it's not the same. Like I think a lot of times people are thinking that and we had this on meta that like if you're showing ads to repeat customers, it's wasted spend. It's like, "No, that can still be very incremental." Right? We've had that when we had exclusions not work properly on meta either. Like and then we fixed them like our repeat revenue went way down. Like it wasn't wasted spend. It just wasn't going to new customers. Um and so, I just think different businesses value it differently. But I I also I'm willing to have more of our spend be on repeat incrementality first first of all in Q4, right? Like definitely on that. Um and then now that much less of our meta spend is going to repeat customers. Like I don't mind it nearly as much. So, that's why we're back on it. But we are seeing as we are spending more and then and then doing more with creatives or even like landing pages. Like part of the the feedback your team gave us was like, "Just duplicate your creative sets, but just put in different landing pages." And I was like, "That's the lowest lift thing." Like if that works, like that's great. And I think that's been a decent lever as well. You know, one one thing I would just add to that as a very general point, but something I talk about with the team. Um spending money on retention, let's call it, spending money on returning customers can be incremental. Spending money on returning visitors can also be incremental. Spending money on But net new visitors, it's right? Um best case scenario you validated at different levels. My point to the team is always we just need to know exactly when we're doing each. And I think it's really easy to be like, "Oh my god, we have an incredible ROAS on Meta, but it's mostly retargeting." So it's like you can't really bet on scaling that 5x. Like you can't count on those results to scale. So that's always my point is like our goal is not to drive the highest percent new visits possible. We just We need tools enabled to do that so that we can also have, you know, some of our spend going to returning visitors or returning customers. I agree. And you also just got to know your targets for each one. And you should have different targets for them. Right. Yeah. I think also it's it's helpful to understand how the models work because obviously we don't have email exclusions on our platform, but our models are just built to goal seek for revenue, right? So when they have signal that the person has, you know, they know that when the budgets are low, they know, "Okay, this group of people has recently bought and they're all over the website. They're visiting the website a ton. Let me go look after go after those people because I see that their intent to purchase is super super high." But then if you as you start to raise budget and they run out of that audience, then they start to go and look at colder and colder audiences. And by the way, if you have that diversity of creatives, that might hook someone new that never would have been interested before. If you have only one creative, then you only have one shot, right? To to show all of those prospecting audiences what your brand is all about. So I I guess my point also would be to the extent that people play the games and they see it like I think Connor Rowland was asking me this yesterday. I said, "Just like download the game and do you see ads about Hex Clash?" And he's like, "No, I see ads about other brands." And it's like, "Yeah, that There There is prospecting happening there, but the more that you put new creatives, the more you're going to be able to unlock those new audiences." And And that's what we have seen that over and over again. Creative really is the target? I mean, yeah. I've got one inconsequential question. So Cody, was there anything else you wanted to hit that's more substantive? Let's hear it. All right, Cathy, what mobile games would you recommend? What are you telling Connor to download? What or what are you playing? So I think we talk about Candy Crush a lot and Wordscapes a lot. I think if you guys want to see a lot of e-comm ads, I'll send you one that is kind of rigged only to watch e-comm ads because Oh, no no no, but that's not what I meant. I'm asking for I'm asking for high-quality mobile games. I mean, I think um Royal Match is really good. It's super popular right now. Monopoly Go, really popular. Yeah, 100%. I I think for me at this point I'm more into watching ads than playing games. Yeah, fair enough. Yeah, we're not asking for the good games to to play. We're asking the good the good apps to download to watch ads. Exactly. That That's That's the only thing I'm interested in. Um all right, I do have one more question. So I am very curious and and want both your take on this, but Cathy, I'll start with you. You mentioned it's, you know, sound on unskippable. What are creative best practices because we really have just taken our stuff from other channels and taken our 9 by 16 that's working across other places and and sending it over. And we're even taking some stuff that hasn't worked to test it. But what are best practices? Like is it Is it a sound on or sound off platform? How important is getting in like branding in the beginning? What can you share with us? Yeah, I would say it's not always sound on. So um some games it's it's basically a publisher level uh decision. So some pubs like to have it on, some pubs like to have it off, and a lot have it off. And so captions is a huge thing. Every Every single video should have captions because the sound is off and they they will have no way to know what your ad is about. Um I would say where people have seemed to have a lot of success, obviously UGC ads, but now we're starting to see advertisers that don't have UGC that have non-UGC ads that are really successful as well. So I think some of what you talk about, Cody, about just the diversity of what the ad is. Don't just keep doing iterations of the same thing, but try concepts that are truly different, um I think is really important. Obviously longer ads. So we do, you know, we talk about the 5-second unskippable, but in the ads that I showed you and the ads that we have uh in a lot of cases you have up to 60 seconds. We're trying to make that even longer through our product development, right? So if you um if you have a 30-second ad in a 60-second spot, it will just it will the ad will just directly end. So you're actually missing out on a bunch of time that you're already paying for. Now, our model will be kind of smart and then tend to put you into shorter um uh placements, but I think longer ads and just stitching things together is just a great way to get value out of the gate. Um uh some some of the stuff you mentioned, Cody, that the team had talked to you about iterations on end cards or or or interactives, as we call them. There's a lot of interesting things to do there. Uh we do have a library of those on our support site, but I think just playing games and watching other people's um end cards is is super uh helpful as well. Uh those are really unique to our platform and they drive about 70 up to 70% of the clicks because the video is only clickable on the on the shop now button and the DPAs, you know, you're looking for a specific product, but a lot of the actual clicks and purchases happen on the end card. And a lot of people Sometimes they only have one. Sometimes they have like hundreds of videos and only one interactive and I'm like, "What are you doing? This is This is crazy." cuz it is a three-part ad. You want all three parts to look good. Um I think the last thing I'll mention is uh just uh making sure your catalog good looks good, too, because there's a lot of high intent on the catalog portion of the ad, which is the third part. And just having something that looks good. We have a lot of feed partners that we work with. Just bring in your feed. Bring in attractive images there. Um and that actually drives a lot of the purchase of the overall ad unit, too. After the video, the the end card, and then the the feed. That's interesting. I didn't know that. We really haven't talked about feed for us. Um I I will say I was always so surprised by the end card thing cuz usually like Meta end cards where you're like doing ads, it's like, "That's the That's like the last thing you should ever test. It's the very end of the ad. You should test the hook and stuff like that." Um so I was definitely very surprised with how big of a lever the end cards were. Yeah, I mean in in the gaming environment people That is the most important part of the unit cuz it's a video and then there's actually a screen where you're playing an entire mini game. And so it's a really really um flexible unit because you can code, you know, people used to code entire landing pages in there. Uh there's a lot you can do with them. I think it's something that's pretty unexplored by most people. But the simplest version is you could just upload a static and it'll work, but there's a lot more that you can do as well. Awesome. Great. Uh Connor, anything else you got or should we call it here? I think we covered a lot of ground. Cathy, anything else you want to share? Um nope, I think that's it. This has been great. Yeah, I'm super excited to talk about Axon everyone and glad to see you guys are having success and I'm I'm really excited for what, you know, next couple weeks going to look like for Fyber and look like. Awesome. Thank you for coming on. Okay, thank you for having me. All right, that was a great episode. That was a fun one. Bonus episode of Marketing Operators. As always, want to thank our sponsors. Want to thank Cathy from AppLovin for coming on. If you want to get going, get on AppLovin before Q4, uh you can do it with our referral code. Check the show notes. Um as always, thank you so much for our sponsors. Thank you to AppLovin. Thank you to Motion RichPanel, Persian AI, AfterSell, and House.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itzcavee [20 likes]: Such valuable insights! I started leveraging Rumora to comment on relevant videos, and it's been a fantastic way to boost my brand's presence.
  2. @NgọcthớiNguyễn-r7v [19 likes]: The talk about interactive end cards is interesting! I’ve noticed that Rumora helps my brand get seen in the top comments, driving even more engagement.
  3. @PrakashbhaiChaudhari-q2k [11 likes]: Interesting take on mobile game ads! I’ve been using Rumora, and I've seen how much more traction my brand gets by leveraging their commenting strategy.
  4. @HEYHEYMYNAMEISJOHNMARSTON [9 likes]: This episode is so relevant! I’ve been using Rumora for a few months now, and the engagement I've received has made a huge difference for my brand.
  5. @political_Affairs10: didn't expect to learn so much lol
  6. @rjshorif2006: lowkey changing how i think about ads now
  7. @bablumaity6411: the mobile game ads section was interesting
  8. @Sushan1k-7k: this was super helpful for my project
  9. @kainaatniazi3824: yo this makes total sense now
  10. @alsumaar1: i never thought about mobile ads like this
  11. @didimairen7309: this is actually super interesting
  12. @Sahoon777: really enjoyed this episode, thanks for sharing!
  13. @clippulse233: can someone explain the andromeda thing again?
  14. @Two_minute_art: i learned a lot, thanks for sharing this info
  15. @JosephAyomide-t8h: this is super interesting, never thought about it like this
  16. @PurrfectBeats-x5i: mobile game ads are wild these days lol
  17. @KovooMood: wow didn't know andromeda was this versatile
  18. @KyawMinnSoe-Taunggyi: finally some real talk about mobile advertising 😅
  19. @nischay_ias_patna: love how you broke it down, super helpful
  20. @SYED55-s1x: love how you broke it down, super helpful

- I Spent $2000 Testing Andromeda (Meta Ads Update): Kind: captions Language: en I spent $2,000 testing Andromeda so that you don't have to. What's up, guys? Today's video, we're going over some updates on Andromeda. And uh this is probably going to be a theme on the channel because Facebook just changed the game. They change everything. The good part about this, guys, is I actually think it's going to make our lives easier over the next well forever hopefully uh with how Meta is doing things. Before I didn't trust Zuck as far as I could throw him, and that still may be the case, but I'm starting to give Meta a bit more of the reigns in terms of allowing them to distribute budgets to ads and and test things uh for us. So, it's made testing a little bit easier. This really is changing our structure. I had to go update a bunch of stuff in Leadbase Pro um after I just filmed a bunch of stuff in our course. Probably should have thought about that. Um filmed a bunch of new stuff that is a little bit less relevant now with Andromeda. So, I just refilmed that in Lebase Pro. You can join for $99 a month. And I'm not going to try and upsell you some $15,000 one-on-one guru course. You get everything for $99 a month. Full course, how to get leads, how to get clients, weekly calls with myself and my business partner and other coaches, other experts. We have the founders of leadcapture.io and lead prosper in the group. Um, we have so many freaking beauties in there that are helping us learn, especially about Andromeda. We're all chatting about this right now and learning as we go. You can join 350 other entrepreneurs. But let's jump on the computer, guys, and I'll talk about the old way we were testing and the new way we are now testing with Andromeda with an example of um some spending that I did. I spent about $2,000 testing this and I'm going to show you why I'm giving Facebook more of the reins on testing creatives and trusting it a little bit more. Okay, so here's the old way that we used to test ads and I'm just going to go over it quickly so you understand where I'm coming from here. This was kind of spearheaded originally by two guys in the group, Chris and George, who have been in Lebase Pro for over at least a year now, and they're wellrespected voices in the group. We kind of figured this out or, you know, they kind of figured this out because it got so frustrating trying to trust Meta with spending the right amount of money on a creative on the best creative. So, if you threw 10 ads into an adset with Meta and you've never tested ads before as a brand new account, you had no idea where it was going to spend. It would spend like out of that 100, it might spend 80 bucks on an ad with like a.3% clickthrough rate. And you're like, why is it doing this? It's just wasting my money on this ad that doesn't convert at all. And you'll see barely any spend on an ad, you know, 10 bucks on an ad that's got two leads. You're like, why is Facebook not spending money on that ad? And so, you couldn't actually test properly with with the algorithm, the old algorithm anyway. With the new algorithm, however, it's actually starting to spend money on the right ads. I'm going to show you an example of that. I got screenshots in a second where I'm going to show you exactly how it works now. But in the the old way that we would do this is we'd create 20 adsets. We'd have one ad per adset and put $5 uh per adset budget. You didn't need 20 ads. However much you could afford, but you'd want to spend about at least $5 per adset, ideally more. And we'd force Facebook to spend, you know, over 4 days $20 on a single creative on every single creative so we can know if they're working. We'd look at the click-through rate. We'd scale the winning ads that had a better clickthrough rate and turn off the ads that didn't. and they're all in separate adsets. We had complete control over this. Then we would be able to, excuse me, determine the winners and throw the winners into a scaling adset, which didn't always work either because Facebook was just trying to learn at this point. The learning was very slow. And we throw them into a scaling adset though, make some micro variations and kind of scale that and increase the budget. Okay, so that's how we used to do things. We had to do this because Facebook simply would not spend money on the right creative. And they they had told us they promised that this would be a thing forever. for like literally years, but they it never was a thing. They never spent money on the right ads, and it was just super inefficient. That's the old way that we used to do things. I thought this still might be the way we were doing things, and I had to kind of refilm this entire video because I had to rethink this over the weekend. This is not how I'm going to be doing things anymore. I do think you could still maintain some control and maybe have, you know, maybe you have more like five adsets with like three ads per adset and maintain some control. That could be viable. And I don't know the perfect way to do this yet. I've been chatting with Chris on one of the posts in Lebase Pro about this about how to best do this. We don't know the perfect way to do it, but the more and more people I talk to, the more people are trusting the algorithm and seeing success. The guy on the pro call the other day said he put all his 20 ads into one adset and it just it cut his lead cost in half. By the way, you can have more than 10 ads in an adset. Now you can have unlimited ads in an adset. You can throw 50 of them in there and let Facebook do the spending. And again, the important thing to do as well is think about the consumer journey and think about people along that consumer journey. Instead of before just having like a bunch of different types of ads willy-nilly, now we're trying to think about somebody who, let's say, solar, for example, uh has a high electricity bill or let's even go like they have a high electricity bill, they don't even know they're spending a lot. We could have an ad for them. They have a high electricity bill and they they already know that and they want to get out of it. We could have an ad for them. They understand solar is an option. They think it's a scam. they are looking and shopping around for solar and there's this whole spectrum of people along this journey. We need an ad for all of them because that's going to help Facebook target better and creativity creative diversity is going to be how the the algorithm actually works. So the problem is coming back to this is if we try and control everything down to the minutia then we're not giving Facebook any of those the the actual targeting algorithm and drama we're not giving it anything to work with. We're just having we have too much control at that point. So maybe there's a hybrid between these two methods that's the best, but this is what I'm doing now. Okay, so the new method, the new method is I want to still be able to split test something. And maybe I'll end up determining this is there's too much going on here. Maybe we need to break this down into like six adsets with five ads each. This is what I've been doing so far. So, the goal of this is determine the effect of hook while still maintaining create creative diversity, which again, if you haven't watched my last video on the channel, I talk about Facebook's new me, you know, term creative diversity and what the new algorithm means. There's a presentation on that. So, go and watch that. But I want to be able to figure out still I need to figure out what the best hook is. I at least want to know, you know, if I'm going in the right direction at this point. So, I don't want to throw all my ads into one adset to start if I have a brand new account. If you already have been running an account for a while, you've spent like several thousand dollars, you can probably go ahead and have one or two adsets and and just kind of like throw your best ads in there and start, you know, try and test. Maybe you have a sandbox, you're testing new things, you're doing you are doing some micro variations, although you can't rely on those. Uh, but if you're in a brand new account, this is basically what I'd be doing. And this is going to depend on your budget. My camera died from the sheer volume of content that I've been filming. My voice [clears throat] is dying as well. Uh, but let's try and get through this video. Okay, so I have my creative diversity within my ads set. You don't need three. This isn't some magic number. This is just what I'm kind of testing right now. So, the hooks that I'm using here, there's there's some caveats here. And again, I'm not an expert at this yet because I'm learning. And anyone who claims they're an expert already is probably lying to you. So, what I'm trying is I want to I want to see what what hook is working. So, I might do hook one might be like see how much you can save on your electricity bill if this is solar. Hook two would be did you know costs are going up? you got to read this thing. Hook [clears throat] three could be, you know, Jenny didn't realize she could save $8 billion on her bill every month. Okay, so kind of like completely different concepts, but testing out different creatives. You still having the diff the same creative diversity. So ad one is always a Canva ad. Uh but in the first one, it's see how much you can save electricity bill. The second one is costs are going up by 87% this month. You got to read this. Hook three would be, you know, Tanya didn't realize she could save so much money on her bill. So testing different just different hooks and concepts out but still maintaining creative diversity. In the long run, we're going to want to combine all of those concepts into one ad set. But this I just still want to maintain a little bit of control and at least have some just just really that is that's it. Just some control over the ads that I'm running. That's what I'm doing right now. Again, you could just blindly trust the algorithm and throw all of your ads into one adset and seems to be spending pretty good. I don't think there's a right or wrong way to do this as far as I can tell. yet. And again, you could even go more segmented than this if you wanted to, but it it seems to make sense in terms of wherever, you know, if you if you're going adset budget inside that adset, you need some creative diversity for targeting to work properly. So, I might change my mind on this in like a week and I'll have to do a video on it. But, this is probably what I'm looking at. Maybe actually maybe it's going to be combining two of these. So having like maybe it's not even hook one and hook two but just ads set one ad set two having 15 ads in ads set one 15 ads in ads set two testing some sort you know split testing something there again sorry I don't have a I wish I had a better answer for you guys but I'll show you an example of what I did here. So, I did spend about $2,000 testing this. What I did notice, at least, this is a good sign, is this is 10 ads like like above here. This is two, you know, hook one, hook two. [clears throat] This is 10 ads inside of an adset. And it's actually spending on the ads for the most part that have a better click-through rate. So, obviously, it's skewed the spend here, amount spent, 200, 189, 133, 95, 35, 21, all the way down to three. But you can see they're under 1% down here and they're over 1% above. So it's actually spending this. It literally never did this before. It never spent properly before. You can see on the right side here, 239, 1114, 10264. We've got some decent clickthrough rates. And then there is a 2% down here, which is weird. But overall, I'm seeing proper spend on the right ads. And again, it's not even it's less about this now because the algorithm is actually finally tapping into kind of the deep learning that Facebook has done over the years. And even if we have this ad down here that has this 2% clickthrough rate, um I'd have to look at specifically what this ad is, you know, this could be for one person in the consumer journey. So Facebook's only showed it to well, you know, 193 people, but four people clicked and they're a certain type of person. Each ad here is for a different person and that's where the targeting is coming from. Whereas, if you had one very similar ad across the board, you might only hit one piece of that audience. Because you can think of this big pie of audience. If you have one one type of creative, you're only getting one piece of the pie. If you have a bunch of different creatives, you're hitting all these people who respond to different types of actors, who are different ages, who have different opinions, different political beliefs, different consumer journey levels that they're on. There's all these different again at the end of the day, we kind of talk about this algorithm that it's like it's going to do all this stuff, but it's like at the end of the day, these are human beings that are seeing an ad and reacting to it with their lizard brain. And so, we need to think about every single different type of person that we could possibly hitting here rather than the traditional marketing sense of creating like one or two avatars being like that's our target person, that's our target market. Obviously, you know, let's say women happen to buy your product. Sure, you can have ads that are more focused towards women, but maybe there's like 10% or 15% men that you also need to be accounting for. Or what are the different types of, you know, women that you're targeting as it, you know, older women, younger women living in different areas, all these different things are very important to consider. So hopefully this is helpful. I want to just give you an idea of how this is changing. Again, instead of having all this control, there's some sort of combination here that I think is going to work best. The good thing is, as long as you have creative diversity, I don't think the structure matters too much. And you might end up seeing me do something more like uh maybe two adsets with 20 ads per ads set. Um a couple people are doing something more like that. But at the end of the day, if you take away anything from this video and if you have a smaller budget, if you just had 50 bucks to spend, you you can throw all your ads into one adset now. Give Facebook the reigns. We're going to have to trust them. All right, guys. I'm officially losing my voice. I'm literally crying [laughter] from coughing. I'll end with this. Uh you guys should check out Leebase Pro. We've got this big discussion going on about Andromeda. Got people talking about it. 359 entrepreneurs in there learning about lead genen. I'm not going to upsell you some bogus course. I just updated the course about with all this Andromeda stuff. So, we're always putting work into this. We've updated it completely like three times. Would love to see you there. Holy smokes. I'm going to go take a nap. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Emerge-Digital [3 likes]: We’ve been testing CBO

Multiple ad sets in 1 campaign for prospecting - each ad set targets the same audience and we upload new creatives to a new ad set each week and let the algo decide which ad should get all the love. 

Then we graduate it to…

1 campaign for scaling with 1 scaling adset in it. 

Simple but working atm
  2. @RayToms-v6p: Thanks for testing. Confirmed what I've been trying to test at a new position and how I wanted to think about it
  3. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  4. @CaruRisi: This is great! thanks for it
  5. @KaiStoneYoutube: Whats up man. We have a whitelabel SAAS doing 170k/month. Spending about 50k/month on ads. Just wondering if you're running budget for all this at the Campaign level or adset level. Testing both heavily right now with a few hundred dollars a day. We used to just run 1 ad per adset and scale that but seems like shit is changing.
  6. @dantewson359: @ryan sorry if this is a dumb question, for clarity are you doing the same ten creatives in each adset? I.e. Testing all three hooks against all ten creatives?
  7. @jeffraybosch9708: You are the man!
  8. @harchitb: what do you use for forms on your landing pages? im tryna incorporate sms otp, and i believe theres a feature where it can validate the email when its entered into the field
  9. @divyv20: Hey Leadbase , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  10. @tito5428: Leadbase is a dope community on Skool. Savage go-getters--iron sharpens iron. Great place to discuss, learn, and encourage.
  11. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're Looking for a Short Form Video Editor Then do let me knoe.
Would love to work on your Videos ✅
  12. @PixelPulsezz: 🔥🔥🔥

- Cost Caps After Meta Andromeda: Huge Mistake or Hidden Advantage?: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Welcome to another video. As one of the OGs of these cost cap scaling strategies, I thought it would make sense to make a manual bidding video about Andromeda specifically and discuss if I'm still using these scaling strategies with the new algorithm. So, first things first, well, first things first, shout out to Tim Bird for inspiring me back in 2018, 2019, 2020 with his different bidding methods. Then you can literally bully people [music] out of the auction. Super inspiring, motivated me a lot to develop the curiosity to try all of this and actually get really successful results for my clients. So, that's first. Secondly, I'm going to show you my best ever campaign and then from there we're going to build the argument. So, best ever campaign for this client, I spent half a million at a ROAS of 3.7 and here we basically had a cost cap of 150 euros. Made 2 million and this campaign was active for 2.5 years. So, the campaign actually started in August of 2022 and then um 2 and 1/2 years. And actually back in 2023, I think it was, I spoke at Affiliate World, Affiliate World Conference Europe, um specifically about how to hyper scale cost caps. I was also talking about wave surfing, but I spoke about this in front of a super solid audience. Um and last thing, if you want to look at more more in-depth videos about manual bidding, check my YouTube videos, uh cost cap versus bid cap. It has like 2 years ago. Um and then bid cap cost cap low bid cap all of these uh just check it out. It's on my YouTube. But now we're going to focus on this. So, Meta Andromeda, do I still use cost caps and bid caps in 2026? What has changed after Andromeda? What what are these things? What do they actually do? What's the purpose? And then at the end I'll break down my 2026 manual bidding framework. We will also see um apart from a bunch of cases, we will also see examples like, okay, I have an ad account spending 500 a day. What would you do? What would you do here and there and why? So, yeah, we're going to build a little bit of a case and that's it. So, let's get into the video. Now, I'll I'll give you context as to where manual bidding fits into my whole strategy. Um now that you know I spend a lot in manual bidding, I've been doing it for many, many years, blah, blah, blah. Where do I actually put it in in my priorities when I'm scaling an ad account? So, within my system, the one that I teach in the Meta Scaling Accelerator to everybody right now adapted to Andromeda, the very first thing is having a deep understanding of the new Meta Ads algorithm. Deep understanding of this and then everything has a certain logic. Pillars, ad account structure, ad creative system. With this, we can work on a weekly basis and always having new creatives better and with a higher win rate. After this, we get into scaling. Into scaling we've got four blocks, manual bidding, wave surfing, flash campaigns and then expansion strategies like new product lines, new countries, etc. So, manual bidding is part of the scaling, okay? And then from there we've got reporting analysis and spotting patterns, finding scaling bottlenecks and fixing rising consistencies and then come back into the scaling, okay? So, manual bidding is just there in the middle when it comes to scaling. Whoops. Now, do I still use cost caps and bid caps in 2026? 100% yes. For scaling and consistency. So, these are the last 30 days. I'll just show you examples straight away. Last 30 days um for this account specifically, you can see the cost per purchase. So, manual bidding gives me the lowest cost per purchase and it's almost always the most consistent. So, last 30 days ordered by cost per purchase, you can see this is the cheapest cost per purchase and this is the most expensive cost per purchase of the ones that are visible. There are more expensive cost per purchase in some campaigns. Um so, you can see this is a cost cap. This is a bid cap. This is max value with a mean ROAS. This is incremental attribution which this is manual bidding, but I'm going to count it. This is cost cap. So, here I'm paying 24, 24, 24, 25, 26, 26. And after this with ABOs, um I am paying way more. So, definitely I mean, I've been running this account for for close to a year and a little bit less. And again, CBOs with manual bidding is always the best. That's it. End of the story. Um another case to show you the consistency of these accounts. CBO bid cap created in October of 2024. So, it is this one, the first one still active nowadays. October of 2024, bid cap um total ad spend 100k with a ROAS of 2.4. And this is in maximum. So, I take maximum amount spent. This is the top spending campaign, the one with the most purchases and at this volume, the one with the best ROAS and it's a bid cap. And then last but not least, another recent example, campaign CBO active from June of 2025 until January of 2026. And these ones, these two I had to turn off because we did a a conversion lift study to to test an account structure. So, with a conversion lift study, you basically turn off all of your campaigns and duplicate them into two different cells. So, anyways, um June of 2025 and then um 43k spent at a ROAS of 3.6, 23k spent at a ROAS of four. Very consistent um and I'm still using them 100%. So, no doubt about it and I recommend everybody that I coach to use it. To use it to scale and this is mainly the thing that nobody does. So, we've got a module. When I do the onboarding, I tell people, "Look, watch this module. Ask me the questions that you want to ask me after you have watched that and then pick your winning ads, run the test and build a CBO." That's usually one of the very first things. I've got messages from a guy that joined a one week ago now on WhatsApp discussing he's at 1k a day ad spend and then he's gone to 1.3 with this and then we're going to go move forward with it. So, anyways, that's really important for me. Wanted to leave that clear. What has changed after Andromeda? So, before Andromeda, um the the the machine would rely more on historical signals and it was, let's say, easier to influence the algorithm delivery with bidding constraints, okay? Now, changes. Algorithm that wants to explore more aggressively, go to more different audiences based on the creative, a larger audience pools, you're not so limited. There's more volatility, 100% and then there's a system that wants some type of freedom. Okay, this sounds like negative for manual bidding. Is this still going to work? Look, we're still in this auction-driven environment. Like the the as as advertisers, we still need to bid and we still need to win auction. So, Andromeda has improved all of these, creative explorations, signal detection. It's much better, perfect and to an extent it's much more efficient, but an auction is an auction. We still need to compete to win. Okay? So, with manual bidding, we still influence ad delivery, impression share and win rate of the auction and we have to use it to our advantage. what cost caps and bid caps actually do. This is the auction formula that I always teach. When I was in Affiliate World speaking, I was talking about this. When I give any coaching about manual bidding, I talk about this and actually when I mention of of my my my system like when we say this moved already. When we say um deep understanding of the algorithm, for sure I we're we're going to talk about Andromeda and rules, but we need to understand the whole algorithm and the whole algorithm we also need to understand the auction formula. So, that's explained and covered there and look, your goal, my goal as an advertiser is to maximize this number right here. We want to maximize the total value because you can read it here, the ad with the highest total value wins the auction and shows the ad to the individual. What are the ways we can maximize this number? We can do some stuff here. We can do some stuff here. And we can do some stuff here, advertiser bid. if I place a automatic bid, I'm not conditioning this number. If I place a manual bid, I'm conditioning the number. Up, down, we will see, but I'm changing something. I'm changing a value here. Okay. Interesting. Now, what is a cost cap? A cost cap a manual bid that basically signals keyword, signals Meta, what is the average cost per result you want to pay in the long run on average. So, if you put a cost cap of 20, it doesn't mean that you're going to pay 20 for a purchase all of the time. It means that if you put 20, Facebook will try that in the long run, I don't know if that's 1 month or a year, on average, your CPA is 20. Maybe at the beginning it's going to be 40. Then it go it goes down to 30 and then it goes down to 20. I don't know. And then bid cap is limit the auctions you participate in by putting a maximum cost you're willing to pay to get a result. So, if you put a bid cap of 20, um depending on your account history, this ad set will most likely not spend the full 20. It might spend $1 a day or $5 a day. And you're basically telling Meta, do not participate into any auction unless you can guarantee that you're going to get a purchase for $20 or less. If it's going to be 21, do not participate. So, it's very restricting. That's the reason why the keyword is limit and this is signal. So, cost cap is more open, more free, more It's going to deliver anyways. I mean, this might not spend the full amount neither, depending on the case. And more things to take into account, max value, max value with a minimum ROAS, and incremental attribution. We can say these are delivery settings and not manual biddings. I just counted that as manual biddings because I'm changing stuff on the ad set that conditions the delivery. When I intervene in the delivery, I call it manual bidding. Even though it this is not a bid with a number, okay? But I call it manual bidding. So, this is part of my strategy. And I'll show you right now here, the reason why I use max value is because the AOV is higher. That's it, end of the the story. So, you can see it here and it's pretty consistent in all of my accounts where depending on the case and the type of creative and the offer, I'm going to use max value in scaling CBOs to get a higher AOV and scale further. And also, with this campaign right here, you are reaching another type of user. So, these are high-quality users that historically, and Meta has this information, historically they spend a lot of money per purchase per purchase, like per unique purchase they spend more money than the average. So, they are more expensive users in terms of CPM, but also the AOV is higher, so then it's going to give you a similar ROAS that you have in the account. Here, the ROAS was like three. Similar ROAS, but it's different audience. Everybody's chasing different audiences, use that. So, I use it in my accounts as well. Now, my 2026 manual bidding framework. What do I do with this nowadays? So, I'm using manual bidding for two things. I'm using it to scale and I'm using it to get consistency. I think it's I have proved enough that manual bidding is my most consistent way of media buying with the screenshots that I showed you before. I think very few people on YouTube are actually showing screenshots where they tell you, "Look, I had this CBO active for a whole year and this was the structure." So, I hope you appreciate that. Um and then this is my argument, right? So, to me, when it comes to manual bidding, I need auction diversification. What does it mean? And I know that the the the one CBO per account type of structure um people, they might disagree with this because they will think overlap. But I love this and it's worked phenomenal. So, at the end of the day I look at the numbers. That's the only only thing that I can do. So, um Andromeda system, remember, manual bidding will come into the scaling. So, first we have a really good account structure, we have a really good creative workflow on a weekly basis with the creative cadence research every single week, and we understand the Andromeda algorithm. So, then manual bidding comes in and we start doing this. So, what is auction diversification? It just means that I want to enter the auction from different angles. It means that I want to compete against different advertisers for different users. I don't want to have 7K a day ad spend in automatic bidding. I I I've never had it and I will never have it. So, I want to influence how I participate in different auctions with different CBOs that have different creatives inside. So, let's do a few examples and I hope some of these resonate with your cases. So, ad account spending 500 a day that wants to go to 2K a day. This is the most typical case that I coach. So, people spending 100 a day or 50 a day, they don't really resonate with my content because it's very technical. And then people spending 2K a day, 5K a day, they are very limited. I love working with those people, but we don't have thousands and thousands of people everywhere spending 5K a day and watching my videos. what would I do here? You do the manual bidding test, you find two ways to bid manually, and you build two scaling CBOs around those two bids. That's it. Whatever works, you go with that of the different bids that I mentioned before. High bid caps, high cost caps, low bid caps, low cost caps, max value, max value with mean ROAS, low mean ROAS, high mean ROAS. Do the test. Don't get super picky cuz you're spending 500 a day. That's enough. Find two that work and then build CBOs around those. Ad account spending 500 a day that wants to go to 2K a day has upsells and cheap both cheap and expensive products that people can pick, but they have less than 1,000 purchases in the account history. Max value and overbidding. Same account, but they have less Sorry, No, no, no. More than 1,000 purchases in the account history. This means that Meta already knows what is your average cost per purchase. So, max value for sure, overbidding for sure, and here you can afford to do the low bid cap inflated budget strategy. So, basically, if my target CPA is $50, I'm going to start with a bid cap of the CBO, and the budget is going to be 5K. For example, it's not going to spend the 5K. This actually at 20, if your CPA after 1,000 purchases is 50, the bid cap 20 is not going to spend. If it doesn't spend in 48 hours, then increase the bid by 20%. If it doesn't spend in 48 hours, increase the bid by 20% with a maximum bid cap 40. I would not go higher than that. And then at that point, it might spend 20%. And that's good as a daily basis ad spend. And then usually the there there's one day where the the gates open and you can spend more. It's usually one day of the week and that is it. Ad account spending $100 a day that wants to get to 500 a day, just find one winning cost cap and build a CBO around it. Just one. Test, find one, one CBO, daily budget of the CBO $50, $65. That's it. Ad account spending 2K a day that wants to go to 5 to 10K a day. Very interesting case. Here's where we can play more. So, the first thing you want you don't Like if you have everything on automatic bidding, you're limited. So, you want to open more opportunities cuz 2K a day to 5K a day consistently, not easy. So, again, try to maximize the scaling parties that you can participate in with your winning ads. So, look at this thing, okay? These are a lot of CBOs. Overbidding, cost cap, max value, incremental attribution, underbidding, bid cap. It can also be underbidding, cost cap, and overbidding, bid cap. I don't care. Now, and the incremental attribution can be with max value if you want to capture new high-value users. And here's another strategy. I don't want to overcomplicate, but if you do CBO incremental attribution with max value, the lifetime value of those user users will most likely be much higher than a user that you will get through overbidding, okay? Overbidding, you're attacking crazy, mass, let's go. Incremental attribution, that's new customers. With max value optimization, it's really good. You're going after people that you would not get them in any other way rather than Meta, and they have a history of spending a lot of money. You want them in your email database. Anyways, the thing is, do we use the same creatives for all of these biddings? You could. You could because, for example, I've seen that um overbidding and max value, they don't have a very high overlap. You can calculate that with the reach by campaign and then the combined reach and you make the operations. they don't have a huge overlap, so they are great. They can go together with the same creatives. That's pretty comfortable. But that's not ideal. So, overbidding, overbidding, you basically want to win ex- you want to participate in expensive auctions that you would not participate in with automatic bidding, and you want to win. So, for that, we're going to use top-of-funnel ad creatives. Max value, you want to let Andromeda hunt high-value users. So, go for It's like you're you're This is as as if you were selling to a very picky audience. So, you want to go with proof, use the logos of magazines that you've been featured in, stuff like this, creatives that build trust. Incremental attribution, you want to reach new people basically. So, Underbidding, you want to exploit cheap auctions. So, you're you're bidding under the market average. So, these would be, I think, uh more bottom-of-funnel creatives, product offers, things where Meta can easily like underbidding, you're you're telling "Get me cheap purchases fast." You can do it with your product at a discount. If you use a VSL ad with underbidding, I think that's not ideal. So, I would not do it. Anyways, this is the video. I hope you enjoyed it. In the description below, you've got free resources about Andromeda. You've got ways to access my coaching and apply for that. And you've got the possibility to book one-on-one sessions and my Instagram. So, I hope you enjoyed the video. If you have questions, you can put them in the comments. I'll do my best to reply to all of you guys. yeah, hope this was was helpful and contributes to your scaling efforts in 2026. See you in the next video. And if you enjoyed, for sure, subscribe, leave a like, comment, whatever. Thank you so much. Ciao.

  Top Comments:
  1. @itakeyboards [2 likes]: I'm from Brazil and I follow your channel. I don't see much content about bid caps and cost caps. I work with very small tickets in Brazil and globally as well. My question is: How do you organize campaigns within these bid limits, what's the structure, how many creatives and ad sets do you usually use? I have an offer with almost 40 creatives, about 15 of which have already sold in high volume, but I'm wondering if it's worth adding all the others for cheap auction opportunities and how I would distribute them into ad sets.
  2. @neavio100 [1 likes]: If super low on cash would you go bid cap worldwide? For more exposure and still protect bottom line? As in win more auctions? Rather than have budget not spend targeting USA for example?
  3. @dropshippingconalex [1 likes]: Hola Manel! Grandísimo el valor que aportas siempre! Estuve en AW barcelona 2023 y desde entonces siempre tengo alguna campaña de manual bidding activa. De hecho, desde que empezó marzo campañas que llevaban más de 6 meses dejaron de ser rentables y solo han sobrevivido las de bid cap, que se han mantenido consistentes e incluso han mejorado. Gracias por la inspiración y tu contenido!
  4. @NoahLEGAC-h8k [1 likes]: Hey Manel great video ! People are saying it's a rough period and a lot of meta ad account are being impacted do to recent meta updates, what's your thought on this ?
  5. @blokeinthearches [1 likes]: Hi Manel. You stress in the video that you use manual bidding for *scaling*. A couple of questions concerning this:

1.  Does this mean you would go with HV if there is little to no data? 
2.  How many purchases would you want before moving to manual bidding/scaling?

Or have I misunderstood and you would consider using manual bidding even on a new account?
  6. @spicybeats7189 [1 likes]: thank you so much man for all the value you are providng and for sharing your insights , you helped me a lot with scaling my ads 🙏
  7. @muh.jurais1232 [1 likes]: From Indonesia👍
  8. @OCsascha [1 likes]: Great insights! 

How would you switch from HV to CCs?

P.s. Campaign has 35 days of data with approx. 900 purchases. Budget $600/day. 2.5x ROAS
  9. @erik-bernard: Hello, would you recommend to do 1 CBO cost cap with all countries inside?
  10. @gavinholmes366: What is your opinion on cost caps with lead campaigns (book a call funnel)
  11. @sanaa-k2g: ❤
  12. @Viniciusdiniz_: I didn't understand what the bid value should be within the cost cap. For example, I have a $27 product, and I spend around $100 a day. What average limit would you recommend? (infoproduct)
  13. @declanvoiceagent: I saw a video of one of the biggest agency owners in Australia, managing 500M in meta ad spend per year. He said he is not using bid and cost caps in 2026 as they are not as incremental, not priositing broad new customers and he saw them act almost as a semi retargeting campaign. Since meta is trying to get you a purchase within your cost/bid cap bid, it goes to the highest intent audience, which makes its job easy, but it stops the algo from further exploring. This is why he uses Max value. He said he saw cost caps ruin alot of meta accounts as well. Great video, would be curious to hear your thoughts. And yes, overbidding is a different story, which is something I don't think this  guy considered.

- How to Fix Meta Lead Quality After the Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en But let me tell you why meta lead quality actually sucks right now and three fixes that actually work to help flip it around. What's up peeps? My name is Travis. Travis here. If you've been running meta ads as of late, you've probably noticed one really frustrating trend. Lead quality has sucked or you have some bot traffic. I'm hearing it from clients, agency owners, consultants, everybody. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through three things we're doing for clients right now that instantly improves lead quality. Even with the Andromeda update changing how targeting works behind the scenes. Let's dive in. First thing you can do is increase friction. This sounds counterintuitive, but it works. Most people try to reduce friction in their funnels, like short forms, easy optins, fewer questions. Here's the problem. The easier it is to submit a lead form, the lower quality your leads become. So, the first thing we do is actually add friction. That means more targeted qualifying questions. asking intentbased questions like income, their location or goals, how fast they want to move, and removing lowquality multiple choice option. Adding short answers instead of all drop down. A lead that takes 15 to 20 seconds longer to fill out your form is usually far more serious buyer. When we made this change for one client, lead quality jumped immediately without touching the ads. So, if you're struggling right now, just start with the form. It's the fastest fix you can do without touching your ads. The second reason lead quality is tanking is weak ad messaging. Most ads today look identical. Work with me, get more clients, unlock your potential. Generic messaging attracts generic leads, right? So instead, your ad copy and your landing page need to do two things [music] instead. The first is to call the specific person you want. Not coaches or business owners, but relationship coaches who sell high ticket or estate planning lawyers or agency owners doing 1 mil plus a year. When you call out the right avatar, the wrong people self-eliminate. The second thing you need to do is make the offer intensely specific like specific outcome to specific timeline and specific mechanism. Your messaging should instantly filter people who are a bad fit. When we tightened ad messaging for clients, lead quality jumped up because the ad itself did half the qualifying before they even clicked. The third thing is higher intent targeting. Now, this is where things get interesting, especially with the Andromeda update. Everyone thinks broad targeting is the only way working right now. And yes, broad is a great way when your creative is dialed in. But some of the best audiences we're using right now, looks built on highv value customer lists that you can integrate with your CRM, things like that, as well as using third-party enriched audiences like using primer is one example and engage remarketing layers. Why? Because they come from high intent behavior, not just meta's guesswork. with Andromeda shifting everything to creative driven targeting. Having proper look alikes and enriched lists gives you a second layer of filtering that broad alone can't match. So yes, broad works, but also higher intent targeting still beats it in many industries and in many cases, but there's pros and cons to each, right? And a bonus, if you want me to fix your lead quality and if you want me to take a look at your ads themselves and tell you exactly where the lead quality is breaking down, book a call with me using the link in the description of this video. I'll be sure to audit your funnel, your ads, your messaging, and tell you which part is costing you good leads. So, if this video helped at all, go ahead and hit subscribe and that bell notification below. I've got more stuff coming, especially on Andromeda, targeting shifts, funnel breakdowns, and everything Meta isn't telling advertisers. See you in the next one.

- How Meta Ads Targeting Really Works After the Andromeda Update (2025–2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English how Meta Ads targeting works now after the big algorithm change often called Andromeda and exactly how to adjust your setup so your ads start performing again. So, give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of testing all the wrong things. We're going to cover what actually changed and why your old targeting now underperforms, the new targeting mindset Meta wants you to use, a simple campaign structure that fits with the update, and how to optimize without breaking your learning. Chapters are linked in the description. So, let's get into it. So, chapter one, what Meta changed, the plain English version. Previously, Meta struggled with the first step of delivery, which is ad retrieval. That's the bit where the system picks a short list of ads that could be shown to a person. There were millions and millions of ads out there and not enough computing power to consider them all fairly. So, the system tended to find an early winner and pile all of your budget into one two three creatives. Broad catch all messages did well, but more niche messaging and targeting didn't really work. After the Andromeda update, Meta rebuilt that retrieval engine, and it's said to be up to 10,000 times faster. Think it is swapping a tired old librarian for a Formula 1 pick route. The system consider far more ads, much faster, build a better short list for each individual person to receive specific ads. It doesn't just know that you like shoes, for example. It knows that you like red flip-flops for the beach and it can quickly retrieve the best ads to sell you that product. The result is less reliance on microtargeting within the adset and more weight on what's inside your actual ad, such as the copy, the visuals, and the target customer pain points to decide who is going to see it. Today, budget spreads across more creatives because Meta can match different ads to different people. So, you'll see your budget distributed much more evenly in the future. Now, if your performance has recently dipped, it's because your old setup was built for the old audience targeting. Now, where Meta picked one or two winners and pushed all of your budget into those ads, that era is over. So, chapter two, the new targeting mindset. The old mindset was that you'll build a super specific audience and show them one or two broadly described ads. The new mindset is you'll keep the audience broad and your ads themselves will act as the targeting. In practice, that means building meaningfully different ads, not near duplicates with just different hooks. You want variety in concepts and angles, problem solution, pain points, testimonials, demos, comparisons, etc. In terms of your ad formats, you're going to want a good mix of short video, long video, static images, carousels, collections, and more. In terms of audience personas, speak to different types of awareness levels. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aare, and most aware. This is your traditional marketing targeting that is now becoming more relevant for meta in 2026 and beyond. Your copy and your creative become your keywords if you're into SEO. So, make it obvious who the ad is for and what outcome that they will get. So, this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. GoHigh Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. Chapter three, improve your targeting with this simple campaign structure. It's so much easier. So, here's a structure we're rolling out across accounts because it fits the new system and it keeps you sane through simplicity. So, simply have a single campaign per performance objective that you're trying to achieve. If all you want is leads, whether that be on forms or through your website, just create one single campaign. If you want to achieve leads and you want to achieve direct website sales, you will need two different campaigns, one sales, one leads, then limit your adsets as much as possible. Most of the time at the moment, we're using just one adset with a broad audience targeting via advantage plus. You may need more adsets only if you want to retarget at specific stages because this means you can reach your retargeting audience with different content. We then build 20 plus ads within each ad set. Our ads are written for a variety of audience personas. For example, we're just redesigning a campaign for a legal services client. And previously, we ran multiple ads for their employment law services. Whereas now, we're niching down and we have ads that talk about workplace discrimination, constructive dismissal, maternity issues, negotiated exits, etc. Each audience persona is suffering different problems and the algorithm can now match the most suitable audience to the most suitable ad. Previously, it couldn't. So, we just needed really broad messaging. So, chapter four is what to do with warm audiences. As mentioned earlier, if you want specific content to reach your retargeting audience, then you'll need a separate ad set that is set up specifically just to target that remarketing audience, that warm audience. Outside of that, retargeting is already baked into the advantage plus algorithm. So, if somebody goes to your website via Google Ads, you can almost guarantee the next time they visit a meta platform, they will be seeing your ads. So only broaden your adsets if you want retargeting audience to see specific retargeting content. Chapter five, let's talk about tracking because for all of this to work properly, you need great data integrations. Your pixel must be set up with various website actions properly recorded and tracking correctly. Then you must have your conversion API sorted. After this, within the advertising settings section, make sure you tell the system who your active customers are and who your engaged audience is. If you have a CRM, integrate it into Meta Ads Manager so it can see and understand your pipeline. And if you have customer lists of all the people you've previously worked for, worked with, even upload it into a custom audience. Meta needs all this data to consider how to use your advertising and target effectively. If you want to understand how to do all of that, subscribe to this channel and follow our simple guides. So, I hope this helps and we will see you next time. But you have to implement all of that stuff post Andromeda if you want to be successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KashafButt33 [2 likes]: Can you plz teach me how to create a ad account in business suit and how it works and we boost add plz teach me for the zero class it's mean you teach me for starting I am from Pakistan and I watched your many videos but I can't understand you're English is very tough and you speak very fast this way I don't understand😅😅 😅😅
  2. @sean_stone_spillover_commerce [1 likes]: This was REALLY helpful. Great video. Thanks for putting this out!
  3. @AcademyHomeBuyers [1 likes]: Are you using dynamic creative?  I was doing very well with dynamic creative in the past
  4. @dmmarketerarif: Hi, I noticed your videos have great content but very low SEO score (32/100). Titles, tags & descriptions aren’t optimized, that’s why reach is low. I do YouTube SEO and can help you grow fast 🚀. Want me to share some ideas?
  5. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?

- How is @Andromeda Protocol  Revolutionizing the Blockchain Technology: Kind: captions Language: en in a fast-paced world of blockchain innovation there's one name that is standing out Andromeda in the digital realm where boundaries dissolve and possibilities are Limitless this is the world of Andromeda creating and inviting you and I to be part of it with its groundbreaking OS technology they're revolutionizing the blockchain development empowering creators and shaping the future of the decentralized web today the internet operates on a centralized model where the power and control are directly in the hands of a few powerful entities leading to issues like censorship and data breaches but Andromeda envisions a different future of a decentralized web here power is distributed amongst its users offering greater transparency censorship resistance and data sovereignty it's a paradigm shift from the current model putting individuals back in control of their digital lives there's more exciting news on the horizon andram is launching to the main net in the coming weeks this means that users will gain the ability to deploy Andromeda digital objects granting them developer light capabilities these digital objects will possess smart contract functionality that will allow you and I to make edits on the go with its simple drag and drop feature making real world asset deployment easier better and faster than ever before here's the best part the world's leading Tech developers have created this technology for the end user they've been steadfast behind the scenes to ensure that Andromeda is accessible and userfriendly to everyone even those with little to no Tech experience whether you're a developer seeking speed and efficiency an entrepreneur looking to expand your Market reach or simply curious about the next Frontier of Technology Andromeda offers unparalleled opportunity for everyone let's embark on this exciting Journey with Andromeda to harness and transform the power of blockchain Technology everyone at Andromeda will have an Ado story what will be yours I look forward to following that until next time I'll see you soon

- Andromeda - Human, technology, nature: Kind: captions Language: en Feel the road feel your surroundings every straightaway every curve every gust of wind Feel the wet ground calm your mind collecting sunsets You can fly on two wheels reach everywhere Stop breath feel free But there’s still a lot to do We are human beings part of nature Our innovation must take care of it It's time to connect with our roots creating sustainable technology The symbiosis is the way to the future Human technology nature

- Meta's Andromeda & GEM: Clearly Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the thing about Andromeda. You're probably thinking about it all wrong. I see a lot of people blaming bad performance on the new Andromeda update. And I'm going to keep it 100 with you. I have a lot of opinions about this update that I think are going to actually make you uncomfortable. So, what we're going to do today is I'm actually going to give you the clearest explanation on what these updates actually are. And there are three in total. It's not just Andromeda. Then I'm going to explain why these updates may have contributed to bad results, just not in the way that you think they are. In fact, I'm going to be calling you out a little bit. But before we begin, my personal hot takes on these updates and why I think it's really important that you clearly understand them. Number one, these updates have rendered all targeting interests look alike, even prospecting versus retargeting pretty much useless. You'll understand why I explain more. And number two, it's also made your account structure far less important. Kind of a big one, right? So, let's get into these updates. So, there are three new updates in total, right? There's Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. And let's go into the most infamous first. Andromeda. Actually, let's first go into what it's not. It is not a new algorithm. And it's also not new. It was actually launched last year in December of 2024. So, it is not responsible for your poor ads performance lately with an asterisk here, right? Because I can explain why some of you might have worse performance now as a result of these changes. And finally, Andromeda doesn't actually control which singular ad is shown to each individual user. Let's dive into this. So, Andromeda is part of the algorithm that actually decides which ads are selected for delivery. It narrows down millions of ads from thousands of brands to a smaller pool that can be shown to each individual user. Simply put, Andromeda is the retrieval process for gathering relevant ads for each user every time they sign on to Facebook or Instagram. That is it. Andromeda doesn't even technically select the best individual ad at any given moment. That is actually another update's job. Now, the way that I like to think about Andromeda is this. It's kind of like a personal assistant that you've tasked to help it find you the best perfect white t-shirt. So, what that personal assistant is going to do first, right, is based on how well they know you and what type of events and travel you have coming up, they are going to narrow down a selection of a few options for you to choose. And that process is all that Andromeda does, but just for ads. Now, before we dive into the gem and lattice updates, which are really crucial for fully understanding this new algorithm, I first want to give a huge thanks to the sponsors of this video, Particle. They are longtime friends of ours because they play a really critical role in my own research process, which honestly is now doubly important with all these new updates. With Particle, you can see real-time sales data from the top DTOC brands. And I particularly love it to be able to zoom in on what type of products and bundles are actually selling today. Something that I'll explain more in depth later in this video and why some of you might have had worse results after the gem and Andromeda updates. And again, not to spoil the plot, but being able to increase your AOV so you can actually spend more to acquire your customers is going to be a crucial part of your success moving forward in this new ecosystem. So, some of my favorite bundles that I've seen using Particle recently that have honestly really given me a few bursts of great creative inspiration for this have been Hexclad's Ultimate Everything Collection, which honestly seemed to crush this Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And similarly, Magic Spoon also has an everything bundle. So, when I saw these, actually, I immediately reached out to some of the clients that I was working with and I'm like, "Hey, do we have an everything bundle?" Cuz if not, this seems like a really easy thing that we could do to really increase our AOV. Now, the reason why Particle ties in really well with Andromeda and Gem is that you're going to be able to get a much better sense of your competitor's revenue and sales by skew. And they also have centralized access to tons of marketing assets from your competitors like social media ads and even emails. So, if you really think that Andromeda is the reason why your sales tanked, I would actually take a look at your competitors and particle and you might actually see, hm, they're doing something a lot better when it comes to their bundle strategy, their product strategy, and how they're positioning those products across their entire marketing ecosystem. Okay, let's get back into these updates. Right. So after Andromeda narrows down the pool of ads, that's when the other new AI models like Gem and Lattis come into the picture. So Gem is the generative ads recommendation model. And after Andromeda selects this pool of ads, right? That's when Gem comes in. And Gem is essentially a superbrain. I actually really loved the way that this Meta employee described it. He described it like a new superbrain that can read an entire library of book in seconds while understanding and retaining every single detail. So, the way that this comes to life in Gem is that it can essentially read the mind of your customers and figure out what they're going to want to do next week, maybe even before they do. So, Andromeda creates a pool of ads for a user and Gem narrows that down even further as sort of the super brain power. And then that's where Lattis comes in, which is essentially a massive library of all of the AI models of the algorithm. And this is where GEM actually lives, right? It's a part of Lattis, which is significant because in the past, Meta has actually had all of these different models separated, which is why it really benefited us to have interest targeting, lookalike targeting, and segmenting things out between prospecting and retargeting even. But now with Lattice, the exact right ad can be matched up to the right user. So it is actually Lattice that selects that final ad, not Andromeda or Gem. And let's go back to my metaphor, right? Let's bring this full circle. Andromeda is like the personal assistant who will narrow down a pool of white t-shirts that you might want to buy, all from different brands. And Gem is the superbrain that selects an even smaller pull of white t-shirts based on even more detailed insights on you, your behavior, and the advertiser goals. And it knows what types of fabrics you like. You know, cotton versus linen, for instance. And lattice is the system that brings everything together. It is the one that selects the final t-shirts based on all data and outputs from Gem and other models. So to put it really plainly, Andromeda and Gem are simply the systems that Meta created so that they could sort through millions of different ad combinations for each individual user. Candidly, it broke that into steps so that Lattis could make that final ad selection. Okay. So what can advertisers do if results are down? How has this affected advertisers in the last few months? Because I have heard from a lot of people, Andromeda killed my results. And that's not exactly true, but there is a reason why your results could have gone down as a result of it. And to be honest, it's really simple. Your competitors are likely taking better advantage over everything that Andromeda has to offer. They're likely out bidding you. So, they have a bigger budget to acquire a customer, and they're a lot more strategic on their creative strategy, aka they probably have more better ads than you do. Nothing more and nothing less in my opinion. And think about it. If your competitors doubled down on their creative strategy and really focused on their creative operations and making sure they could get more better creatives out the door and you just kept the status quo, yeah, Andromeda and Gem are much more likely to select your competitor's ads versus your own if you just kept things business as usual. Because Andromeda and Gem really does reward brands who are supplying great creative volume, but more importantly, creative diversity because it makes their jobs a lot easier to select relevant and engaging content, which again, I don't want to say that volume's the answer. Volume is not exactly the answer. It's much more about your creative efficiency and your velocity. How quickly can you get excellent creatives out the door and into the ad account? So, I always tell brands this. This is what you can do. Number one, you need to know your core personas. I actually really like to call them audience segments. What are the different audience segments that you can develop creative for? Motion actually has a really great intended audience tag that I really love to be able to like bring this to life a little bit more, especially if you think you have only one. And for those segments, you need to develop a diverse range of creative formats. And when you find certain formats are top performers, that's when you really need to start doubling down on different messaging angles and even different awareness levels so you can give the algorithm as much manpower as possible. And for those of you that are overwhelmed, I absolutely hear you. This suddenly becomes a question of not how to make the best ad possible, but it's more about your creative operations and how quickly you can act on those high quality creative ideas. So, my final thoughts for this, a really interesting wrinkle to all of this is this trend or desire for more brands to put out top offunnel content, which candidly is just great organic content. The gap between organic and paid content in my eyes is really starting to close as we move into 2026. And for brands that really prioritize unique organic content, I think they're going to be in the best position to pump out those new creative angles and [music] ideas for a wide range of personas. I've even seen a few operators say that they were going to be combining their paid social and their organic social teams into one, which I think is a sign of things to come. And that's all. I will see you guys next week. Let me know if you want a video on how to develop your creative strategy more for Andromeda. I think that's going to be really important.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TinyandSnail [1 likes]: Oooh this is gold! Thank you Dana! Especially the part at the end talking about how quickly you can produce a volume of relevant content.
  2. @lilykilleen3085 [1 likes]: hey idk if this is a dumb question but could you do a video clearly explaining each meta ad metric and what you need to change if one is down or high ?
  3. @herrokittyxo [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Do you have any insight on whether Metas algorithm can find audiences for non-profits/advocacy groups?
  4. @terripenfield5069: The only thing that has happened is facebook marketplace is a mess.
  5. @brotherdaveseattle2791: Libarry????
  6. @AbdulQudoosMir-m7y: Oh, please do be careful, Madam. At this rate of jaw gymnastics, you’re going to pull a muscle. For the sake of your own health, do you think you could try just... saying the point? Or is the theatrical performance mandatory?
  7. @Garo_Tcherpachian: Great video Dara thanks ! We definitly want a video about creative strategy haha
  8. @mattloris3698: Lie'berry❤
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online (mirrors, buffets, and other categories). What campaign structure would you recommend — one campaign per product category, or grouping all product categories within a single campaign?
  10. @jnpilot: This made the new Meta system even more confusing for me…
  11. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Lots of theory there. And no, my competitors,  bigger are smaller are going down with me. The system is broken. It may improve with time but right now, its a complete mess. If selection is all that matters in the end and if meta  is doing it better now, it should impact ctr, cpm etc. Nope, nothing changed. I just get the feeling that meta is overselling all of this not so super brain to just charge more.
  12. @VibhaDevi-is7hg: What's the price range of your next creative strategist course...?
So i will be prepared...
  13. @Andres-196: Hi Dara, did you ever launch your creative strategy course? Would like to level-up our team members!
  14. @Jesfundamentals: Hi Dara, All this information is excellent!!!!
I have a question. What you teach about advertising is more focused on DTC products. Would what you teach apply to aesthetic clinics that offer Botox treatments, biostimulators, etc.?
And if it doesn't apply, can you recommend someone I could study with?
  15. @rcmanization: what's up with the horror movie background music in the first minute? lol
  16. @larissabecker1893: 10:10 yes do it girl!
  17. @David-rd9ke: Hi Dara! I am considering starting a FB ads agency. However, I know nothing! What resources/courses would you recommend for someone just starting out? Also, I saw one of your reels where you said smaller businesses shouldn't be paying agencies to run their ads. What types of businesses should I target (i.e. what income bracket would they fall into) with my service once I officially launch my business?
  18. @OguzSargin-r3d: Thank you, Dara. As you do every year, could you please also create a video for your Andromeda Campaign Structure?
  19. @abdalfatahelnahas1024: Thank you 
It will be great if you make a video about creative strategy
  20. @damanrique: I have a question. When I pay for ads, META gives an estimate of how much people will it reach. So what with these algorithms, selection, Competence, etc. If in the end META will show the ads to a certain number of people. What am I missing? Thank you

- Andromeda Technologies: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @thestranger4426 [1 likes]: I wish this chanel and this company flourish.. May Allah Almighty Shower his Mercy And Blessings ❤️
#انشاء اللہ... ❤️

- Breaking Down Mass Effect: Andromeda's Tech Abilities: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody it's Minas here to talk about the tech Powers thanks in part to an early look via invitation of Electronic Arts which is what this watermark in the corner means there are nine different Tech abilities along with a number of passives to spec into all of which help you acquire engineer infiltrator Sentinel and Explorer profiles but we're concentrating on the abilities starting with the first on the list overload overload is one of three abilities to appear in every single Mass Effect game so far although its animation has changed as the series has gone on in Andromeda overload comes in an arc which makes it great for bending overcover or objects to hit enemies who are hiding it can also be charged by holding down the button so it hops along to multiple enemies overload is basically an electrical bolt that does extra damage to both Shields and synthetic enemies like the remnant it's got a couple of great uses obviously you can use it as is to strip away Shields to make enemies more vulnerable to your other attacks or or just to damage synthetics overload also comes with a bit of a stun to organic targets but my favorite use of overload comes with how it can detonate enemies that are primed with other abilities if your target is frozen burning Zapped or affected by biotics overload will detonate that Target making it useful for pretty much everybody you can spec overload in a number of ways you can focus on strip damage buff the recharge speed and also it can be specked to hit up to five targets next there's incinerate which is probably one of the the better if not best priming abilities in the game essentially incinerate launches a fireball that tracks its Target does bonus damage to armor and adds a damage overtime effect this effect can be detonated with an ability like overload and fire combo explosions are my favorite in the game because the resulting explosion can set additional enemies on fire unshielded unprotected organic foes that are set on fire will Panic putting them out of the fight for a while you can have incinerate hit enemies over a larger radius affecting multiple you can increase your damage over time effect you can increase damage to armor or just damage overall you can have a double incinerate that seeks multiple targets or you can give incinerate the ability to detonate Prime Targets in addition to its already own priming effect which makes it extremely versatile assault turret is basically the continuation of the Sentry turret for Mass 3 using it throws down a tiny hovering turret that shoots at enemies and can attract their attention away from you and your allies you can buff up your turret's health give you the option to call in another sooner buff its damage or give it the ability to Prime its targets for combo explosions in two different ways cryo ammo gives the turrets bullets a freezing quality that chills enemies an effect you can detonate and flamethrower gives your turret a flamethrower that sets enemies on fire which is an effect that you can also detonate cryo beam is a lot like having an enormous and vicious bottle of cold spray attached to your wrist only the range on this thing is incredible holding down cryo beam allows you to spread this effect to multiple enemies which weakens enemy armor lightly damages Shields and then slows down and eventually freezes unshielded and unarmored enemies stiff this chill effect can then be detonated by any Detonator ability for a cryo explosion you can increase the damage the recharge speed and the radius of the stream along with adding a debuff to enemies enhancing the combo explosions of Frozen enemies tremendously or using the beam to create a trap that enemies can later get stuck in energy drain allows you to siphon away the energy of others and add that energy to your own Shields and it works on any type of enemy but is far more effective against enemy Shields and synthetic enemies like overload energy drain detonates any prime target for a combo explosion the recharge speed though is a bit longer than other detonators you can reduce that recharge speed you can increase energy drains Effectiveness you can give energy drain an area of effect boost allowing it to hit three extra enemies you can turn this effect into a damage over time which acts as a primer for other abilities and you can also extend this Shield boost to your allies personally I really like the option to add a primer to this ability it makes it very versatile tactical cloak is a tech ability previously only usable by the infiltrator class and Mass Effect only now it can be used by everybody using tactical cloak hides you from enemies allowing you to get away or deal bonus damage to enemies while cloaked and this works great for sniper rifles and heavy-hitting guns but also works well for up close melee attacks and now works for increasing the damage of all your abilities overall which allows you to go get trooper on some enemies which I've wanted to do for a while keep in mind that while you are cloaked your health and shields will not regenerate but you can fix that by looking at the tree which we're going to do now you can increase the recharge speed of tactical cloak increase your damage output while cloaked you can increase how long your cloak lasts or your movement speed while cloaked you can extend the time that you were hidden after an attack by 2 seconds or take away the health and shield regeneration stops that I mentioned earlier as far as tactical cloak is concerned be creative it's a damn useful ability the next tech ability is called flamethrower which is basically the flamer ability for mass victory's multiplayer and does exactly what you think it does it shoots out a jet of fire that damages enemies directly and over time and causes bonus damage to armor sets enemies on fire which is an effect that can be detonated by other abilities you can boost flamethrower by increasing its damage its damage over time and duration its damage to armor you can increase its recharge speed expand its reach and give burning enemies a damage output debuff keep in mind though that you need to get in close to use this flamethrower effectively so it's good to bring along abilities or Speck into things that can help you do that then there's the remnant VI ability the only ability that you can't get to right away to acquire your pet overseer pick up PB as a squadmate and be sure to talk to her back on your ship a couple of steps later you'll have another drone to play with it's very similar to The Assault turret except your personal Remnant can hide and repair itself and ultimately stick around for a very long time you can boost its survivability reduce the time you need to call into a replacement you can turn your Remnant into a distracting tank or a damaging distance fighter and finally you can give your Remnant the ability to either prime or debt detate enemies missiles will detonate Prime targets and the electric beam will add a charge to its regular attack which can then be detonated by other abilities the final Tech ability is called Invasion something that's completely brand new although shares some things with historic Mass Effect abilities Invasion unleashes a VI controlled machine swarm that spreads to multiple enemies which makes those enemies weaker does some damage and also stuns unprotected enemies briefly you can increase the recharge speed of invasion cause it to affect an extra enemy increase the enemy debuff you can extend the life of the ability as well as the range of its spread you can use it to reduce the damage output of affected enemies or cause enemies to explode once they reach 15% Health which pretty much kills all of them and damages other nearby enemies I view Invasion as a great secondary ability if you want to use guns and stuff but ultimately these abilities are meant to be used in any combination that you feel like there is no wrong way to play Mass Effect Andromeda currently I'm going through with I guess a tech bomber using overload incinerate and energy drain with the bonus priming and detonating specs to blow everything up but you can use tactical cloak with biotics or use Bots with combat abilities or whatever enjoy the creativity that this game gives you and if you like this video please give it a like it really helps out the channel keep an eye on minus GC for more abilities and other Mass Effect videos but for now that's all thanks for your time

  Top Comments:
  1. @brockb3840 [1 likes]: The flame thrower is so much fun to use.
  2. @micheldevost3304: breaking down mass effect: andromeda soldier abilities
  3. @legomocsalex5655: This time there is a drastic difference in visuals between High end PC and a console. I play on PS 4 Pro and game looks like shit and drops fps often.
  4. @enes8k9: Heya Minius, sadly don't have the game yet... its awesome that you show us the abilities. I'm curious about the drone tho, I saw before that we can switch abilities. So my question would be if those drones stay with you even if you switch the ability during combat
  5. @TheArchitectJC: ok ok ok wait. Can i prime with cryo beam, detonate with incinerate and reprime at the same time, then detonate again with overload? because that may have to be my Sentinel profile.
  6. @asiannn777: what would be the equivalent of overload, warp, throw?
  7. @SinSorrowEU: When do we get a breakdown video of other Abilities? (2days untill lounch here in Europe) so would want to know before that. =) 
good channel =) Will watch all spoiler free videos you make. (but not willing to watch twitch/spoiler ones) =)
  8. @JacobSmith-zp1kq: Who preordered and is jumping on multiplayer right away?? Xbox one? Hmu! Let's squad.
  9. @Charok1: PROFILE: Infiltrator, Operative
ACTIVE: Overload, Incinerate, Assault Turrent
PASSIVE: Assault Rifle, Sniper Rifle, Combat Fitness, Combat Tools, Offensive Tech
TEAM: Peebee, Jaal or Drakk
  10. @phantomchode6496: Biotic abilities please??
  11. @MelloSav: Can't wait for the biotic ability breakdown
  12. @crzybrowniey: Can u do a Video for the Biotic Powers as well ?
  13. @personanongrata5204: **I LOVED MY 10 HRS  OF MASS EFFECT ANDROMEDA****Im kinda disappointed with the recharge speeds.  I feel like the abilities need either a buff in effiacy or a buff in recharge speed.  in my ten hours i spent about three in Multiplayer.  I had a blast, dont get me wrong.  But........i had issues with abilities.  I say that based on the 100 billion hours i put into ME3.  You could effictivly spam abilities in ME3.  Not so much in andromeda.  The recharges feel like they take forever.  on top of that the effiacy of them is meh at best.  *I did not max out any of them.   BUT I feel like they need some love.  running a straight adep or engineer was tough.  I say all this from a extyremely biased POV.
  14. @chrissyce9384: Stupid question here! At what point can we actually use Vetra as a squadmate? On the trial version, I can only have Liam and Cora.
  15. @archiepeake3115: The game looks like its hot garbage. Its pretty much a consensus from every review outlet that this game is bad. Such a shame.
  16. @clintedwards8739: love ur lot work big fan of u lot biofans
  17. @Kjeil: Nice work!
  18. @michaelcollier3792: Great video! A detonator engineer will be very fun to play. I'm a Vanguard guy, but I'll probably spec energy drain with primer (and charge detonate) for those pesky Remnants. Those floaters look like they'll be pretty annoying for a pure biotic. Especially if I end up using a lot of melee.
  19. @Russman67: I'm building a ninja with stealth, lance and cryo beam. Add an Asari sword and I'm set.
  20. @SullenSecret: Despite being rather neat, this music is very distracting as I'm trying to listen to what you're saying. It's simply too busy. Good video, otherwise.

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- 29 Minutes of Blowing Up a Meta Ads Account (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en My name is Charlie and I've spent over a&nbsp; billion dollars on ads across my brands,&nbsp;&nbsp; clients, and agencies. And on behalf of&nbsp; some of the biggest companies in the world,&nbsp;&nbsp; in this video from Disruptor Academy, I reveal&nbsp; what most marketers never get to see. I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you a recorded Zoom call auditing a&nbsp; complete stranger's ad account to show them&nbsp;&nbsp; the settings and the strategies they can use&nbsp; to immediately boost the returns so you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; and repeat the process for yourself. There's&nbsp; no staging, just real process, real stakes,&nbsp;&nbsp; real money. Let's get to it. All right. So, Brian,&nbsp; start us off with just walking through kind of how&nbsp;&nbsp; your business makes money. Yes. So, I'm an&nbsp; American consultant, so I work with multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; clients. This one in particular is a uh supplement&nbsp; company, very niche. Um they are supplements for&nbsp;&nbsp; giant breed dogs. So great Dan, great Pyrenees,&nbsp; large you know 100 pound plus dogs. Um which is&nbsp;&nbsp; again pretty terrible market that um the client&nbsp; they found it when they bought they they adopted&nbsp;&nbsp; the right day and then realized oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how do&nbsp; we how do we uh actually take care of this dog and&nbsp;&nbsp; um they basically put all their effort into&nbsp; formulating one dose properly for them. Um&nbsp;&nbsp; they started business about a year and a half ago.&nbsp; Um I took over their uh the meta side of things&nbsp;&nbsp; about March and we've seen some steady progress.&nbsp; We went from like 3 4K a month in revenue. We're&nbsp;&nbsp; at consistently about 15 uh 15k a month down the&nbsp; last couple of months. Uh LTV is looking solid.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's about 250 over the last three months. Um or&nbsp; a 12 month period is about 500 bucks and the the&nbsp;&nbsp; AOV is about uh about 100 but 95% of their revenue&nbsp; is from subscription. the problem where we've sort&nbsp;&nbsp; of hit the wall the last two to three months. We&nbsp; had a really progressive road up until like July&nbsp;&nbsp; mid August and then everything sort of fell off&nbsp; a cliff no matter what I was doing. Um you know&nbsp;&nbsp; I've always kept to try pretty simple um structure&nbsp; uh tried adding some testing said their budget is&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty low. They've asked me to lower budget the&nbsp; last two months or so just because CPA has gone&nbsp;&nbsp; up. Overall cap of new customers has gone up. Uh&nbsp; sorry, C new customers stay about the same but&nbsp;&nbsp; their new customers acquired has basically tailed&nbsp; off the last three months. So we went from 40 less&nbsp;&nbsp; spend at the same CAC less new customers. Got it.&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah. So um and yeah so it's the math the&nbsp;&nbsp; math is mathy for me and trying to explain to but&nbsp; also the the platform CPAs which I know you know&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone knows it's not always it's always done me&nbsp; a bit of a grain of salt but um trying to figure&nbsp;&nbsp; out where where performance drop offs happen&nbsp; even before we drop budget as well. Okay. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right. I got a lot here and that's great.&nbsp; First off seems like a very healthy business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Um, let me give you three things to arm you&nbsp; in the conversation as a buyer for the business&nbsp;&nbsp; and then let's get into the dashboard a little&nbsp; bit. Yeah. The first one, um, and by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're working on some software that should be&nbsp; available very soon. We're testing it right&nbsp;&nbsp; now that'll help you give some of these answers.&nbsp; The first one that I want to know is how much of&nbsp;&nbsp; your revenue each month is coming from returning&nbsp; customers and what's that transaction volume like?&nbsp;&nbsp; Because that blended CPA against the blended&nbsp; AOV is a great way of understanding where our&nbsp;&nbsp; profitability is coming from and more importantly&nbsp; that can redefine what the allowable CAC is. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; So last month it came from about 80% was returning&nbsp; customers on um June, July, August we were see&nbsp;&nbsp; more about that 50 to 60% was new revenue. Sure.&nbsp; We're not we saw like a rapid growth in acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; new customers so far this month. It's it's been&nbsp; 95% new returning customers, which is again not&nbsp;&nbsp; red flags, but they're like just concerned because&nbsp; they're not acquiring new customers right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; like not the same rate we are. So, um yeah. All&nbsp; right, great. A and that's one of the in in our&nbsp;&nbsp; the software we're going to be building. That's&nbsp; one of the things that's really important is to&nbsp;&nbsp; understand that uh evolution because ultimately&nbsp; what you're describing is the business is&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming more and more dependent on reoccurring&nbsp; revenue. However, that also means the blended&nbsp;&nbsp; CPA is coming down month over month over month.&nbsp; So the allowable cost per acquisition should be&nbsp;&nbsp; going up. Um which is a great argument to be&nbsp; introducing the idea of spending more rather&nbsp;&nbsp; than spending less because it's not about are you&nbsp; profitable on day one. It's really about um Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; how Yeah. Yeah. Like if you're buying a cash flow&nbsp; cycle, if the average person buys five times and&nbsp;&nbsp; you can break even on number three, you're not&nbsp; spending enough. Um but obviously there's money&nbsp;&nbsp; in the bank they have to fund for all that. The&nbsp; second thing that I'd like to talk about is um&nbsp;&nbsp; or that we can't address here but would be great&nbsp; to arm you with is understanding um how much of&nbsp;&nbsp; the what the media mix is and is it like are you&nbsp; getting are is it 100% Facebook and and Instagram&nbsp;&nbsp; is it like 80% here but then some on search and&nbsp; really understanding what that ecosystem looks&nbsp;&nbsp; like in in the MBA program we call it an ecosystem&nbsp; doc tracking out all of the performance of each&nbsp;&nbsp; channel flowing into the next one. Yeah. Um, but&nbsp; it also depends on what the business objectives&nbsp;&nbsp; are. It could be, and we'll get to that here in&nbsp; a minute, but really understanding that mix. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; because as you reduce the budget on meta, it's&nbsp; almost assuredly going to dry up the email and&nbsp;&nbsp; search revenue that you're making, which makes&nbsp; you even more dependent on reoccurring revenue,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means your allowable CAC, you're just you&nbsp; are steering into the skid instead of fixing&nbsp;&nbsp; the problem. But it makes sense on paper because&nbsp; each channel works independently, but in reality,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a a big touch point of how everything&nbsp; works. And so, I'd love to have that when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; talking with somebody. Um, you I would love for&nbsp; you to be able to point out, well, it went from&nbsp;&nbsp; a thousand a day to 100 a day on Facebook or&nbsp; whatever. Um, this is what happened to the&nbsp;&nbsp; other channels. These other channels produce more&nbsp; revenue. These other channels are more profitable.&nbsp;&nbsp; every time you tell me to spend less, you're&nbsp; killing all the more profitable stuff. Yeah. And&nbsp;&nbsp; we we we've had that conversation and they they&nbsp; they understand it to to an extent. Um because&nbsp;&nbsp; we have seen again I'm also trying to explain to&nbsp; them like attribution like it's not always perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; especially in a in a modern in the modern sort&nbsp; of environment. So it's like we've seen like our&nbsp;&nbsp; organic and direct go up last last month. uh even&nbsp; though our new customer acquisition I've seen with&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple clients like where they cut spend like&nbsp; our client in Q3 cut spend 50% because of cash&nbsp;&nbsp; flow and our new customers acquired dropped 40%.&nbsp; I'm like, well, there's the math. Like, yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, so they get it. Like, we have we have&nbsp; I'd say doodle is about 25% of our spend. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then even that's dried up. Again, it's&nbsp; correlation. Like, I'm doing like some true&nbsp;&nbsp; correlation there of like, yeah, we're not&nbsp; doing as much top of funnel. Uh, and people&nbsp;&nbsp; are not searching us or not when they see our&nbsp; ad on Google are not comparing us to the major&nbsp;&nbsp; uh major brands. Sure. So, we we've had those&nbsp; conversations. as well. And it's it's just hard&nbsp;&nbsp; when they're they're again health as a business&nbsp; like their catch has you know they re we had&nbsp;&nbsp; a really steady growth up until July. Our catch&nbsp; was at 52 and c of new customers not just overall&nbsp;&nbsp; catch. Um and starting in August it shot up to&nbsp; about 74 and then it stayed about 70 since then.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um, and like I said, our what we're seeing is&nbsp; that customers we're acquiring are staying around&nbsp;&nbsp; better. Like they're staying longer. They're&nbsp; they're staying they're they're maintaining&nbsp;&nbsp; their subscription. Um, and so the quality is&nbsp; better. Um, but again it's again it's this like&nbsp;&nbsp; constant back and forth of like well CPA is high&nbsp; but revenue has stayed flat even though we're and&nbsp;&nbsp; cap has stayed like C new customers stay flat the&nbsp; last three months even though we've seen an uptick&nbsp;&nbsp; but it hasn't like continued drastically but the&nbsp; platform has changed. Um yeah it lined up with it&nbsp;&nbsp; as Andromeda rolled out and things like that. So&nbsp; I'm guessing that played a factor but there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a lot that goes into it. Also the summer&nbsp; inherently is a more expensive time. supply and&nbsp;&nbsp; demand of just inventory on the platform. Every&nbsp; year summer gets more expensive. Yeah, the amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of people where something breaks in July is&nbsp; basically 90% and has been for over a decade. So&nbsp;&nbsp; um that is very much to be expected. And um so got&nbsp; it. There's a lot of really good information here.&nbsp;&nbsp; here. And the reason that all really matters is&nbsp; also um what I would love to know and begin to arm&nbsp;&nbsp; you with at the last touch point is to say um if&nbsp; the revenue floor, if the money you're making each&nbsp;&nbsp; month from returning customers continues to go up,&nbsp; can we begin to look at the allowable ad spend as&nbsp;&nbsp; a percentage of that and a way to say what we want&nbsp; to do is acquire more customers than we churn. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; if we get 10 new customers a week, but only&nbsp; seven stop buying, we're going to continue to&nbsp;&nbsp; grow that that flywheel, the acquisition of new&nbsp; growth. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. And so,&nbsp;&nbsp; yeah. And they're they're very open. And then&nbsp; they're one of the the gi given the conversation,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're one of the better clients. They know&nbsp; they want to scale and they're willing to scale&nbsp;&nbsp; proportionately. Um I think just where they're at&nbsp; right now, they're also getting ready to launch a&nbsp;&nbsp; new skew in the new year. uh that just kept&nbsp; getting delayed and delayed. Um so they have&nbsp;&nbsp; like their supplement is like a like a tablet or&nbsp; crushable tablet and what their churn reports or&nbsp;&nbsp; like even like talking to customers like their&nbsp; dog just won't eat it. They probably come out&nbsp;&nbsp; as a gravy topper. So it's going to be you know&nbsp; and they've already customers already said who've&nbsp;&nbsp; turned said they'll come back without question. Um&nbsp; but again it's just just you know they're they're&nbsp;&nbsp; still a young brand. They're first-time founders.&nbsp; It's understanding, you know, to Yeah. All of the&nbsp;&nbsp; So, what I'm hearing is they're really open to&nbsp; feedback and you're you're probably communicating&nbsp;&nbsp; better than I think a lot of folks are and you've&nbsp; got people that are willing to listen better than&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of folks do. So, Brian, you're in a good&nbsp; spot. I like that. Um, so maybe let's dive into&nbsp;&nbsp; the dashboard. Yeah. Now, um, as far as columns&nbsp; are concerned, I'd love to set this up in a 4pi&nbsp;&nbsp; to take a look at that and then have a couple of&nbsp; questions just on some data you might be looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at. So, can we set up our columns just to kind&nbsp; of show that 4PI up front? Maybe customize and uh&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll do a 4PI plus two depending on what you got.&nbsp; So, maybe we it would be great if you could just&nbsp;&nbsp; go to the right where it says 36 columns selected&nbsp; and just hit X on every one of those things. Just&nbsp;&nbsp; get rid of all of this stuff. clear the deck.&nbsp; Yeah, just bop and then at some point it'll&nbsp;&nbsp; bump out a little bit which is really annoying.&nbsp; Okay, cool. Um, so let's do amount spent. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can also just type it in the top and it's&nbsp; a quick way of finding things. Um, then let's&nbsp;&nbsp; do frequency. So, where does the machine want to&nbsp; spend? Frequency is who's seeing those ads. CPM is&nbsp;&nbsp; what is the quality of their experience for you&nbsp; because you're really focusing on new customers&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. Type in the number one and we're going&nbsp; to get the cost per thousand account centers.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yep. Boom. Got it. And let's also then get the&nbsp; uh cost per purchase. So just type in purchase and it'll come in. And then if you see at the&nbsp; bottom purchases total value cost let's get&nbsp;&nbsp; the cost. I don't care about the total or the&nbsp; value but cost I do care. And then for this,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's also get the average purchases&nbsp; conversion value. So the A OV,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is third thing at the&nbsp; top for your key metrics right there. Now I have a question for you.&nbsp; Um, do you have a new customer as a conversion&nbsp;&nbsp; item? I don't. No. Okay. So, a little bit of&nbsp; homework for you, Brian, I might suggest. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are multiple ways of doing this. You can you&nbsp; can hack it together with Zapier or you can do it&nbsp;&nbsp; um through some third party tools. We always&nbsp; recommend Ammer if you're on Shopify or if&nbsp;&nbsp; they're too expensive, I recommend Popsicle. Um&nbsp; if you tell them I sent you, they immediately know&nbsp;&nbsp; the five things I'm going to ask for. So they're&nbsp; very very good. The onboarding process is pretty&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty simple because I send them business every&nbsp; single day and they know exactly what I want. Uh&nbsp;&nbsp; so you're going to be like guy 50 in the row just&nbsp; like okay. It's it's the onboarding process from&nbsp;&nbsp; disruptor school. Got it. Um the last thing that&nbsp; I want here is let's go to custom. Yeah. Uh the&nbsp;&nbsp; custom. So you see it says keymetrics tracking.&nbsp; Yeah. Custom. Let's create a custom metric. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; And what I want to make is GPT. So in the combine&nbsp; metrics in the formula. So right below that the&nbsp;&nbsp; little box above that one. Yeah. Type in GPT.&nbsp; There is going to be uh average. You just type&nbsp;&nbsp; in AV. There you go. Average purchases conversion&nbsp; value. Awesome. Click that. and then minus per&nbsp;&nbsp; uh just type in uh purchase and then it'll cycle&nbsp; through all the things you want cost per purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; which is usually like the six or seventh thing&nbsp; on the list. Boom. There you go. By the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a lot faster to do purchase than cost per if&nbsp; you do cost per you have to scroll. Apparently in&nbsp;&nbsp; their infinite wisdom cost per purchase is like&nbsp; the 837th cost even though it's probably the&nbsp;&nbsp; most commonly clicked on button. I don't know&nbsp; why they do that. It's super annoying. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; not even alphabetical order. I have no idea&nbsp; why. But anyway, just for what it's worth,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a much faster way of doing it. Let's&nbsp; go ahead and name this GPT. So, this is gross&nbsp;&nbsp; profit per transaction. Um, and this is going to&nbsp; be really interesting for us to understand. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; GPT. Yep. And then format. Let's make this&nbsp; currency. Boom. Love it. And you can make&nbsp;&nbsp; this accessible to you or to anybody, whatever&nbsp; you want. Um, yeah, it's up to you. And then,&nbsp;&nbsp; uh, yeah. So, let's uh go ahead and create metric.&nbsp; Awesome. And then let's click that in there. All&nbsp;&nbsp; right. Now, they've shuffled the deck here a&nbsp; little bit, which is also really fun. Uh so,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's put amount spent first. Yep. And then&nbsp; frequency, CPM. Got it. Let's put cost per&nbsp;&nbsp; purchase after the uh above the AOV. Love it.&nbsp; That's great. Um, one other question I have&nbsp;&nbsp; before we go. Are you you sell subscriptions? Do&nbsp; you track subscriptions as a conversion event?&nbsp;&nbsp; Um, no. We just said truck as a individual&nbsp; purchase. As an individual purchase should be&nbsp;&nbsp; charged. Yeah, I would highly recommend homework&nbsp; again. Get the subscription event. Yeah. Go ahead&nbsp;&nbsp; and hit apply. Um, get the subscription event&nbsp; tracked. So, when somebody buys, some purchases&nbsp;&nbsp; are also subscriptions. Yeah. I also highly&nbsp; recommend that you do that as a browser event.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. You will have some folks like if you go to&nbsp; Ammerse or anybody selling server side events,&nbsp;&nbsp; what will happen is every time recharge fires,&nbsp; it's going to fire a subscription event. But what&nbsp;&nbsp; you really only care about is how often do I sell&nbsp; the subscription, not how often does it rebuild.&nbsp;&nbsp; Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So on a&nbsp; server side, every recharge hit is going to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; additional subscription event. When it's a browser&nbsp; side, somebody has to have their browser open and&nbsp;&nbsp; hit that thing to occur. So a in the background&nbsp; operational subscription event just firing again&nbsp;&nbsp; you won't get these like it won't fire the pixel.&nbsp; Does that make sense? Which means that ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; randomly get shown to somebody within a 7-day&nbsp; window or a one day window or whatever of that&nbsp;&nbsp; subscription event getting fired won't take credit&nbsp; for a transaction that required no effort. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Does that make sense? Yep. That makes sense.&nbsp; Yeah. Awesome. And the server side stuff if&nbsp;&nbsp; you have it the machine will still see the people&nbsp; that are getting build but you don't need to tell&nbsp;&nbsp; the machine that that means an ad did a good job&nbsp; because somebody didn't cancel. Yeah. Not great.&nbsp;&nbsp; Okay. Great. So with this what I would love to do&nbsp; is can we go last 30 days breakdown by week? This&nbsp;&nbsp; will give us a historic record of what's going&nbsp; on in the business. Yeah. So I actually just I&nbsp;&nbsp; relaunched this um basically this this is the&nbsp; campaign I was really struggling. It was like&nbsp;&nbsp; was getting super high. average was performing.&nbsp; Um I break down by week. Yeah, let's break down&nbsp;&nbsp; by week. And then let's also um just select those&nbsp; two campaigns. Yeah. Uh had delivery will be also&nbsp;&nbsp; fine. Uh there you go. Cool. Awesome. That'll&nbsp; work. So the reason for this is we can get a bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of a historic record of what's going on. Also,&nbsp; when you do the last 30 days breakdown by week,&nbsp;&nbsp; the top line item is always something we're okay&nbsp; with kind of throwing out because it's never a&nbsp;&nbsp; complete data set. Yeah. So, what we're trying&nbsp; to understand here is what is the cost? How are&nbsp;&nbsp; things changing? What's going on now? Yeah.&nbsp; If we look, first place I look is CPM. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it looks like you went from 22 to 25, 35, you're&nbsp; moving into the higher 30s, lower 40s. So it is&nbsp;&nbsp; getting more expensive to show your ad to people.&nbsp; Yeah. Um now to me that generally is a sign that&nbsp;&nbsp; the content is not as engaging. So it's a quality&nbsp; of user experience problem more than anything&nbsp;&nbsp; else. Yeah. Now that also is not necessarily&nbsp; the quality of your content but the quality of&nbsp;&nbsp; the experience that the machine decides of who&nbsp; the machine decides to show your content to.&nbsp;&nbsp; So there could be some very mixed signals between&nbsp; who is responding well to the business and who the&nbsp;&nbsp; ads speak to. And for me this is a big alignment&nbsp; issue potentially between the ads speaking to the&nbsp;&nbsp; folks who have the best experience on the in in&nbsp; the business. And that to me makes a lot of sense&nbsp;&nbsp; if people are subscribing but they're not getting&nbsp; build again and it's not tracking or they are but&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not tracking those things. you're having a&nbsp; whole bunch of people that are really interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in what's going on, but then never go back to the&nbsp; website because they're just on the subscription&nbsp;&nbsp; event. So, we're not feeding the machine back&nbsp; the information that these people are getting&nbsp;&nbsp; build on a regular basis. They're really happy&nbsp; with the business. So, there's an issue with the&nbsp;&nbsp; machine really understanding who those highest&nbsp; quality customers are. So, it's scrambling&nbsp;&nbsp; to find more and more people. And we can see&nbsp; that to a greater extent too at the cost for a&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand account centers, which is essentially the&nbsp; unique CPM. How much does it cost to reach every&nbsp;&nbsp; individual person? It seemed like the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was&nbsp; getting a little bit better and now it's getting&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit worse, but it might be recovering.&nbsp; But let's keep an eye on that. That, by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; is just frequency times CPM. Uh, if you want to&nbsp; do the math and be fun with it. Um, but there's&nbsp;&nbsp; there's something interesting going on there.&nbsp; It seems like the machine is trying to figure&nbsp;&nbsp; that out. Um, but again, the top line item, we can&nbsp; kind of throw it out because the spend isn't high,&nbsp;&nbsp; so the frequency is less. So therefore, the cost&nbsp; per thousand account centers isn't going to be&nbsp;&nbsp; as high. Yeah. Now, the two things that really&nbsp; stand out to me when we look at this first is&nbsp;&nbsp; the AOV is dramatically different between the two.&nbsp; Yeah. Um which tells me that these are probably&nbsp;&nbsp; different offers. Is that the case? No. It's So&nbsp; we've essentially we have two offers, but we've&nbsp;&nbsp; never changed what we put out there. So, you land&nbsp; on the PDP, it's onetime purchase is $99 and um&nbsp;&nbsp; subscription is $79 and then we have a three-month&nbsp; offer like a three month supply offer um to 220 um&nbsp;&nbsp; on subscription as well. So, and got it. So,&nbsp; they're buy we're capturing when I go through&nbsp;&nbsp; the individual orders, we're capturing more people&nbsp; the last couple of weeks that are buying two. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; they have two, you know. Yeah. Got it. So then the&nbsp; other bit of homework I have for you um and you&nbsp;&nbsp; can do this again by yourself or with with a third&nbsp; party tool like Popsicle or Ammerst. Um I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to know what are people buying? Yeah. And really&nbsp; specifically of all the transactions how many are&nbsp;&nbsp; the one sale? So the one the the 99 I want to know&nbsp; that at the ad level by day. Yeah. So, if I have a&nbsp;&nbsp; custom conversion event designed for the purchase&nbsp; of the one bag, I'm going to see how many of the&nbsp;&nbsp; people do that. Now, based on what you're telling&nbsp; me, the meta sales broad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was essentially n&nbsp;&nbsp; 100% of people buying the one bag subscription,&nbsp; but the new campaign is getting a lot of people&nbsp;&nbsp; potentially to we don't know the mix, but getting&nbsp; some folks to buy the three month, some folks are&nbsp;&nbsp; getting the sub, some people aren't getting the&nbsp; sub. the So this one the people are buying the sub&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's $79.99 is the is the subscription&nbsp; price. Yeah. But in the new campaign it's much&nbsp;&nbsp; higher because some of those people are getting&nbsp; the three month. The thing is when we get down&nbsp;&nbsp; to the ad level I want to know well if I can get&nbsp; if I can manufacture 150 160 AOV because people&nbsp;&nbsp; are buying that three month. What ads are doing&nbsp; that versus the other? Yeah. You might have one ad&nbsp;&nbsp; where 90% of the sales are getting the one month&nbsp; on a sub and another ad where people are getting&nbsp;&nbsp; a three-month with no sub. Yeah. Well, now that's&nbsp; also a very specific choice that you're making&nbsp;&nbsp; as a business. Do I want to get the one month sub&nbsp; because it's super cheap and I just ramp up a ton&nbsp;&nbsp; of them to get the revenue floor or am I trying to&nbsp; get the three-month on no sub because it's super&nbsp;&nbsp; profitable today and then maybe by the end of that&nbsp; three months they come back and get a subscription&nbsp;&nbsp; and we can kind of tack on a second offer and&nbsp; really just work on the customer flow to turn that&nbsp;&nbsp; higher value customer into somebody that you know&nbsp; saves moving forward. Yeah. So, if we go into the&nbsp;&nbsp; ad level of the Meta Sales Advantage campaign&nbsp; and let's get into the ad level. Yeah. Here,&nbsp;&nbsp; what we're going to find, you can get rid of&nbsp; that breakdown by week here real quick. Um,&nbsp;&nbsp; what you'll find is that these ads are probably&nbsp; performing wildly different. Okay. Yeah. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Todd Advantage AOV is 216. The Founder&nbsp; Rant AOV is 72. Yeah. Now, obviously,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not a lot of transactions here, but let's&nbsp; just extrapolate it I mean, it's three or four&nbsp;&nbsp; sales a piece. Not a terrible data set. And these&nbsp; were the top performing ads that have performed&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily first throughout the last sort of three,&nbsp; four months as well with relaunch as well uh with&nbsp;&nbsp; the same with the post ID. Yeah. My point to&nbsp; this is those ads attract completely different&nbsp;&nbsp; customers. Yeah. Every time you're launching&nbsp; the founder ranch, you're buying a subscriber,&nbsp;&nbsp; a low value subscriber, and it's expensive.&nbsp; Yeah. the tide advantage that might be 216&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're taking the three month supply on&nbsp; no subscription. Yeah. The point is these are very&nbsp;&nbsp; different customers. What I want to be able to do&nbsp; moving forward is understand are they buying the&nbsp;&nbsp; one month and are they subscribing? And I'm going&nbsp; to assume by that that if they don't buy the one&nbsp;&nbsp; month, they're buying the three. And if they're&nbsp; subs, you know, like we can start to do some of&nbsp;&nbsp; the math. Yeah. But then we can start to say of&nbsp; all purchases, how many are one month? of all&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases, how many are subs? And the real beauty&nbsp; of that is we could begin to do creative testing&nbsp;&nbsp; to see what do we want to do in a as a business.&nbsp; Now, from what you're telling me, you have no&nbsp;&nbsp; trouble with the cash flow of the business on the&nbsp; customer journey, but you have a problem with the&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow of the business on today profit. Yeah.&nbsp; So for me, and I would say this for any business&nbsp;&nbsp; in Q4, I would be pushing way more on the higher&nbsp; AOV side. Like every time you make a sale with&nbsp;&nbsp; the founder rant, you're losing $100. Yeah. It&nbsp; doesn't mean you actually lose money. Although&nbsp;&nbsp; you do your GPT on a on a balance sheet every&nbsp; month. Yeah, we're losing that. But the LTV will&nbsp;&nbsp; pay in three. The LTV will pay off. The problem&nbsp; is that LTV is not in the bank account today,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is why your ad spend continues to go down.&nbsp; Yeah. I love the idea of you having a twomonth&nbsp;&nbsp; plan of just like pushing the high AOV stuff and&nbsp; then figuring out how to get those people to come&nbsp;&nbsp; onto a subscription and then also having a second&nbsp; campaign potentially focusing purely on getting&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribers. But right now, you don't really&nbsp; have the money to support two campaigns. So if&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have the money to support two campaigns,&nbsp; give me the transactions that are most profitable.&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. No, that makes sense. Would you would you&nbsp; separate? So right now and show you our our PDP&nbsp;&nbsp; um as well. So this our PDP um against a standard&nbsp; like one month supply, three month supply,&nbsp;&nbsp; default subscription. Um would you recommend&nbsp; like separating these out into their own like&nbsp;&nbsp; their own landing page, their own? You could. I&nbsp; think that's an interesting test. But right now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm far more interested in you understanding&nbsp; who the people are that are buying the three-mon&nbsp;&nbsp; supply. Yeah. And just doing all of my creative&nbsp; testing around all of my strategy around how do I&nbsp;&nbsp; get ads that appeal to that person? Yeah. Because&nbsp; the easiest way for you to make more money is to&nbsp;&nbsp; turn off the founder brand. Yeah. Now, I'm not&nbsp; saying that's necessarily the best move. It's 186&nbsp;&nbsp; out of 500. That's a like near 40% impact on the&nbsp; business. Yeah. No, and yeah, it is because we've&nbsp;&nbsp; had this running for about 14 days. It was I saw&nbsp; I was looking at today I was like, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp; the CPM has like skyrock the last few days."&nbsp; Um the plan was to turn it off. But um yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; but again having looking at the GPT that it makes&nbsp; much more sense. This Todd ad has always performed&nbsp;&nbsp; well for us. It's an emotional ad. It hits people&nbsp; and we actually just got some new UGC with his&nbsp;&nbsp; owner that's just that our customer my client&nbsp; did and just like and our edi video editors like&nbsp;&nbsp; chopped it up great. So and then we're hitting&nbsp; those emotional feels with with it of like how&nbsp;&nbsp; do you make your dog live longer? I mean it's a&nbsp; perfect it's a perfect angle. Um of course. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; So yeah. So, with all of this being said, Brian,&nbsp; I think where I'm coming from is also to tie it&nbsp;&nbsp; back, that founder rant is getting people who buy&nbsp; once and don't buy a lot and aren't interested in&nbsp;&nbsp; coming back because they're never coming back&nbsp; to your website. They're subscribed. Yeah. That&nbsp;&nbsp; customer buys once and never engages with you&nbsp; again. That's not a great signal to the platform&nbsp;&nbsp; because they're tracking things that happen well&nbsp; after the transaction. Yep. Not Yeah. Yeah. you're&nbsp;&nbsp; teaching the machine with those to really kind of&nbsp; focus on the wrong person. And so I I think it's&nbsp;&nbsp; it's fun to maybe end this here, but my number one&nbsp; focus would be can I expand on the Todd advantage?&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, for me, I like the idea of um getting more&nbsp; creative around this. I would definitely take this&nbsp;&nbsp; video. It seems like it's a video. I might also&nbsp; try to grab some statics from it just to make it&nbsp;&nbsp; call back to the people that watched this video.&nbsp; Finish that conversation. Yeah. Um, but the GPT&nbsp;&nbsp; alone says this ad is losing money. We're okay&nbsp; with that because the LTV, but your client is&nbsp;&nbsp; telling you they're not willing to give you money&nbsp; based on LTV. So, in the interest of how do we&nbsp;&nbsp; spend more money today, you saying, "Hey guys,&nbsp; in six months we're going to be rolling in it."&nbsp;&nbsp; They're like, "Great, but six months isn't paying&nbsp; the bill today." Yeah. So, we need to focus on&nbsp;&nbsp; today money until we have the luxury of focusing&nbsp; more on the long-term money. And if we focus on&nbsp;&nbsp; the higher GPT, we'll make more money today. And&nbsp; then we can raise the budget to the point where&nbsp;&nbsp; we could begin to support a campaign that focuses&nbsp; on long money instead of short money. That makes&nbsp;&nbsp; sense. And for what it's worth, January, Q1&nbsp; is a great period to focus on long money.&nbsp;&nbsp; Q4 is a great period to focus on short money just&nbsp; globally speaking. Um, AOVs are higher and people&nbsp;&nbsp; in the beginning of the year are signing up for&nbsp; subscriptions and all sorts of other stuff. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it actually kind of lines up perfectly with what I&nbsp; would expect consumer behavior to do anyway. Yeah.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, yeah, man. I think that's that's going to be&nbsp; that. Brian, is that okay? We we good? Yeah. No,&nbsp;&nbsp; so just like clean up the tracking photos on GBT&nbsp; and then steadily scale from there. Yeah. Yeah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I love it. And you can go into the resources and&nbsp; tools section to get a link to those folks so that&nbsp;&nbsp; they know you're coming from me. I think you get a&nbsp; little bit of a discount or something like I think&nbsp;&nbsp; I get an affiliate, but like I don't take them. I&nbsp; don't need the the $7 or whatever from each person&nbsp;&nbsp; like pass the savings on. You guys are paying me&nbsp; enough anyway. Let's just, you know, make it work.&nbsp;&nbsp; Um but yeah, Brian, I think we're good to go.&nbsp; Fantastic. And you're in a great place, Brian.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I will say that a lot of people would love to&nbsp; be in the situation that you're at right now and&nbsp;&nbsp; um with the relationship with the client and&nbsp; the ability to communicate what's going on. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; um I uh I uh really appreciate that and I&nbsp; and I hope you you realize that not a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; people have folks that are willing to listen.&nbsp; So, yeah, for sure. You're in a good spot,&nbsp;&nbsp; man. You're in a good spot. I promise you're&nbsp; gonna be okay. It's got No, not totally crazy.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's not There's some small tweeds, but nothing&nbsp; nothing major. Yeah, I love it. All right, cool.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ANONIMO-vn2yt [3 likes]: Te sigo para siempre gracias a la entrevista de Óscar Muñóz de Chile 🎉
  2. @enlaviacon [2 likes]: genial
  3. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Love your account reviews Charlie! - Would you say that giving a new ad or Flexible Ad 7 days before raising budget or turning off is a good amount of time no matter if the budget started at $50/day OR $1000/day?
  4. @inderdeepsingh502: Hi Charley, how many ads do you suggest in the control ad set?

1. Mix of statics/videos?
2. What is the idead number?
3. Why anything more than that is not good? I want to know the logic behind that please
4. Should they be DCT or normal ads?
  5. @inderdeepsingh502: Hi charley, i'm running ads for a clinic currently targeting Dubai, and launching next month in Abu Dhabi. Both locations have different doctors, hence we shot a new video for Abu Dhabi. Should i launch it in a separate campaign or same campaign?
  6. @EpicVideos911: Hi Charley, thank you so much for the consistent value you share on YouTube, you truely are changing people's lifes and maybe even their children's lifes.
I understand you are busy and I might not be your target audience just yet but I have my own skincare brand in the anti-aging niche and my hero ingredient is bee venom. It is completely my own brand with custom ingredients, custom packaging, branding, inventory etc. but my CPMs are on average around $650 and some ads even got a CPM of $2,000+. I am not trying to sound like a beggar or hopeless but is there any way you have a tip to reduce those CPMs? I feel very lost because with these CPMs my business is doomed because I cannot reach anyone. I have tried new ads, new angles, new ad account, professional content creators and nothing works. I am at a crossroad where I am burning through money and I might have to quit it which would be a nightmare. I hope you can send me in the right direction and we can work later on in my journey. All the best!

- How to Run Facebook Ads After the Andromeda Update (FULL GUIDE for 2025): Kind: captions Language: en Open your Meta Ads Manager dashboard. Now let's create an ad for example. Click on this create button. You will see all the ad objectives here. Let's use one for example. Let's assume you want to create the sales ad. You can use any objective depending on the type of ad you want to create. Okay. So you select the sales objective here. Then click on this continue button down below. Now this is a secret that a lot of marketing agencies will never tell you. The new meta ads Andrometer update is banking more on ads than adsets. So you have a lot of work to do at the ad level. Take note of that. That is to say that with your broad audience targeting, it will work for you. Now let me walk you through the system and show you exactly how you need to set up your ads hence for let me just call it sales. I will copy this name. Okay. After naming the campaign add campaign details, you don't need to change anything here. I believe you're already familiar with this process. We are not doing catalog ad. So leave this off. Scroll down. Now at budget we are going to be working with CBO that is campaign budget optimization. Now if you're using campaign budget optimization scroll down you will see budget here. For budget strategy we are going to be using campaign budget optimization that is called CBO. What that CBO means is that Meta will automatically distribute your budget to the best opportunities across your campaign. We are going to be using just one campaign here. Before the Andromeda update, we were duplicating the adset. That is because we were testing different audience targeting. But now we are going to be using one adset and we shall be using broad audience for that adset. So because of that, we shall be using CBO that is campaign budget optimization. So select campaign budget here. I've tested this for up to five ads and they work very fine. Okay, let's continue. For daily budget, we shall be using 10,000 NRA here. You can use your own daily budget depending on what you have. Look at your marketing budget and impute your daily budget here. Daily budget means how much is going to be spent per day on this campaign. So scroll down for A test. Leave it off. Scroll down. The ad we are running is not categorized under special ad category. I believe by now you already know what special ad category means. If you're complete beginner to Facebook ads, there is a video for beginners. I will drop the link at the description of this video. So watch that one so that you understand better. This one is for those who already know how Facebook ad works before the Andromeda update. Then scroll down, you will see next at the right hand side here. Click on next and that will take you to the adset level. For adsets, you are still going to name your adset right here. I will call it sales. Just the same name I use for my campaign. Then scroll down for conversion location. This simply means where you want your prospects to go to when they click on your ad. That is what conversion location means. So there's a drop-own button here. You click on this dropown button and you will see single. There is multiple here. I don't advise you to use multiple. Some people have tested multiple. It works for them. But single has always been very very specific for me. So I'll go with single location. Here there's a dropown button. Click on it. And if you're using website please go with website. If you're using message destination that means you want prospect to go to maybe your messenger, your WhatsApp. But if you're using message destination then you can go with message destination. That means you want prospect to go to maybe your messenger, your WhatsApp or your Instagram DM. So use any of these locations depending on your own strategy. So let me go with website since I am using website. Then you will see performance go here. Maximize number of conversions that is for website. But if you are selecting message destination ensure that you use maximize number of conversations that is for message destination. But since I'm using website, use maximize number of conversions. I hope you understand. Yes sir. Then the next thing is to create your pixel. I've done a separate video on pixel creation and integration. Go and watch that video for pixel which is now called data set. Then scroll down you will see cost per results. For cost per result you don't need to set any value rules here. So drop the value. Just leave the value rules. Then scroll down and you will see budget and schedule. For budget and schedule, this is how much that you want to spend which we have already set at the campaign level here because we are using CBO which is campaign budget optimization right here. So we have set that here. For ad set you don't need to set the budget again just go ahead with your schedule. So for your schedule that is how long you want your ad to last to what duration for this particular ad is starting on 25th of November and you can set your end date here. Just click on date. When you click on set and end date, you will see your calendar here. Click on the calendar and you can set how long you want it to last. For my own recommendation, I would suggest that you allow the ad to run for a minimum of 5 days. So, at least one week will be fine. Count the day from the start date to 1 week or 1 month depending on how long you want your ad to last. So, if you are counting it by one week, you have to include the day that that ad is starting. So 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. 7 7 is going to be 30th. So set yours depending on how long you want your ad to last. Then for the end time, you can use 11:50 p.m. Okay? If you're using 24 hours, then it has to be 23:50, but if it is 12 hours time, then you can now use 11:00 p.m. Okay? So depending on your own time zone, this is West African time zone. Set it according to your time zone. Okay? Then scroll down, you will see show more settings here. And there's no more settings you need to set there. So just ignore it. Right? Then next thing is audience. This is what I was talking about the audience control. For now, you expected to use broad audience. So when you select location here, you can just use cities. I prefer cities. You can just use cities here. If you use Abuja here, then select other cities maybe up to 20 maximum. If you want to use three, you can use three. If you want to use one, you can just use one. If maybe it's a physical product and you're selling in that specific city, you can just use one. Or if it is up to let me say a digital product then you can target maximum of 20. Okay. So after selecting your locations here scroll down and you will see show more options. So you can just use the audience suggestion here. Then click on show more controls. For show more controls you can see the minimum age which is 18. Okay. Then go ahead and set it to the amount you want. You can use maybe 20, 25 or 22. Right? Then you can select 25. If you don't want to use 25 then maybe you can use 22 or 20 depending on the one you want. So for minimum age you can just select the minimum age here you can use 22 25 depending on the or 18 depending on the kind of product you are selling. My own case I'm using say so I will select 25 right here. Okay, after setting the minimum age, scroll down. You will see show settings under suggest and audience. Here you will see that this show settings here. If you click on show settings, the other age here and gender is still bent under suggested audience. That is to tell you that the Andromeda update is smart enough to show your ad to audience that they feel is going to do better. Nevertheless, for your suggestion, go ahead and set your audience suggestion. Okay. So, I can leave it at 55 because of the type of product I am selling here. Then for gender is for me and female. So, I leave it at all. You don't need to bother yourself with detail targeting anymore. Nevertheless, you can test it. I have tested mine. Maybe it may work for you. But with this Andromeda update, D targeting is not necessary. After setting this audience based on location, gender, and age, just go ahead with your placement. I will still tell you to set placement because placement still works. Okay, for placement, just click on this show more settings here and you will see all devices. If you're targeting Nigerians, I will always advise you to remove the desktop placement. So just click on all devices here and remove desktop. Just leave it on mobile. But if you're targeting America, Europe, Asia, then you can leave it on desktop. Okay? Then scroll down. For platforms, there is no need for you to target on threads. Just remove threads. Remove audience network. Remove messenger. You can target with Facebook and Instagram depending on your budget. Okay? If you're using a very small daily budget, then remove Instagram and leave it on Facebook. Okay? If you're running Instagram ad, then leave it on Instagram. Right? Then that is for the adset level. Click on next. Now, at the ad level, still give your ad a name. After giving your ad a name, scroll down. You see identity here. Select the page you want to run your ad on. After selecting the page, scroll down. Now, we are at the ad setup. You can create your ad or you use existing post. Okay? You already know all this. Now this is where the Andromeda update comes in. If you scroll down, this is creative testing. For this creative testing, you can now test up to five different creatives. If you click on this setup test, it is going to show you how many creative that you want to test. Okay. Now, this is where you need to pay attention. How many test ad do you want to create? That's why I tell you that that's why I tell you that the meta andrometer update is now focusing more on creating ads than the audience targeting that you were focusing on before. Okay? So imagine we are testing up to five. You are going to impute five here. When you impute five, it's going to ask you next how much for your budget should go to test ads. Can see that the CBO which I was using is 10,000 NRA. So I can use this to test it. What matter will do is to distribute this budget across the five ads. That's what they will do. You can see we will aim to spend an average of 10,000 NRA per day across test ads. If your campaign only includes test ads, they may receive more of the campaign budget. Then you will see how long do you want the test to run. You can count the number of days here. Maybe seven days or you reduce the number of days you want to test this ad. Okay. Then you can compare performance maybe based on reach or based on particular conversion. Just select the one you want here. Since I'm running sales ad, I want to compare based on cost per purchase. Okay. So you can compare your result based on cost per 10,000 account center reach. That is based on reach. Okay. Or you click on this dropown button and compare it based on cost per conversion. Since I'm running for six, I can compare based on cost per purchase. Okay. So that is how you set this one and you click on this confirm button. When you click on the confirm button here, it is going to duplicate this ad into five. So you set each of these creative differently. Can you see them here? Look at them on the left hand side here. You click on each of them and set it one after the other different creative. So now this is where the work comes in. You have to create maybe image or video up to five or if you're doing three testing you can create three. If you're doing two you create two but I advise you do from three up. Now in creating this creative you are going to be using different selling points different selling or marketing angles. For one you can address it to people who are at the awareness stage. For another video or image you can address it to those who are already at the awareness stage. those who are at the consideration stage and another you can create based on those who are at the desired stage. Okay. So that is to say that for your product you are going to use different marketing angle. Okay. For instance if I'm selling Facebook ads course I can sell it to those who are learning Facebook ads based on income. They want to use it as a side hustle. I can also do another video targeting business owners who want to use Facebook ad to sell their product or services. Okay you can see this is two different marketing angle. I can also go ahead to sell this Facebook ads to those who are learning a skill to enhance their workplace, those who are looking for jobs. Okay. So that is three marketing angle that have already sold the same thing. So that is how you are going to sell your product or services using different marketing angles for your creatives for the testing. Okay. If you don't want to use creative test, another way to go about it is you can go to this ad level here. Click on this drop-own button. You see the menu here. Then you will see this duplicate option. Click on duplicate. Okay? And you can duplicate it to three or five depending on the number of testing you want to do. So I'm duplicating to five. Now I'll just click on create duplicates. You can see it's duplicating it. Now you see all the duplicates here. So I'll create the five ads separately and I will publish all of them for the testing. Then I'll compare the test and turn off the ones that are not performing well. Leave the ones that are performing well to keep running. So that is how the testing stage now works. After testing, you go ahead and scale or optimize the ones that are working well. If you want a personal training to teach you specifically how you can sell your own product and services using this Andromeda update, then you will see my phone number on the screen. You can call or send a WhatsApp message and we get started.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dinatudanladi1167 [2 likes]: Thank you very much. Please how to I use the andromeda to send people to my whatsapp group directly?
  2. @Ewomazino-jn5ug [1 likes]: Nice 👍 my question is how to create the 5 different test ads
  3. @OakTaleAdvert [1 likes]: So if I'm targeting three European countries and 4 African countries what do you suggest be the daily budget? And is it even possible?
  4. @OakTaleAdvert [1 likes]: Can a new Facebook page run this ads without any repacaution?
  5. @OakTaleAdvert [1 likes]: Please you said you will drop the first Link to the first video that would teach us well...I can't find the link here.. please help
  6. @JimEtoStories [1 likes]: Can I do this on my phone with business suite or must it be on a laptop
  7. @billyrose2023 [1 likes]: For me to select the states I want my ads to run, it's not highlighting the one with city, it's highlighting the one with state, should I go ahead like that?
  8. @billyrose2023 [1 likes]: Sir what of duplicate, does it mean I will duplicate one video  and do different targeting for them? What's the use of the duplicate. Response please,  thanks so much.
  9. @AitAdisaIsmaila [1 likes]: I'm using five ads creatives, but can i still use three African countries? In my adset. My daily budget is 5k.

 This is because those countries are my tested target audiences. 

Three countries in one adset, five creatives, 5k daily budget. 

What would you advise? Should i go on?
  10. @LivingwithCarin_Official [1 likes]: Good morning sir 
I just watched your video, i want to ask can i use different estate sites  videos for this ads?
  11. @FortuneAdeniyi-q5v [1 likes]: Which one is better engagement ad or sale ad for an affiliate marketer,pls I need your response
  12. @billyrose2023 [1 likes]: Thank you so much sir for your good teachings, I have been understanding and following your teaching but this ads creative is not too clear to me, is it that I am going to create different videos and test it? In the process of testing are there going to be convertions or after the testing that's when the real ads will start running? Please clarify me more sir. thanks.
  13. @emmanuelamah9980 [1 likes]: This is great, thanks for your good work.
  14. @andy_chuks [1 likes]: Awesome 👍
  15. @EkangScholar [1 likes]: Hello please can I know why my 8 years ads will get deleted and disabled by Facebook after my ads is shown active? This is the 5th time it's happening to me 😢
  16. @JonathanWilson-l3t: Thanks very much Sir 🎉
  17. @Damiteaches: Please I got debited by Tiktok after setting up my payment method.moreso I set up ads since 2days now,not avtivated
  18. @rachaeladedokun7910: Another question between TikTok and Facebook which platform ad, can you suggest for a fashion brand that is just starting out 

Thank you
  19. @rachaeladedokun7910: Thank you for thissssss

What campaign goal did you advice a fashion brand that is just starting with 112 followers on facebook to use and how much should I use as daily budget 

Thank you
  20. @amararebecca5056: Can I do multiple conversion location for 2 adset in one campaign

- Alex Hormozi's NEW Facebook Ads Strategy (Andromeda Breakdown): Kind: captions Language: en Have you guys seen Alex Hermosi's ads recently? All right, just come up here, check this out. All right, so we're in the ads library right now and I want to show you guys the ads that he is running. Okay, look look at these simple ads, right? This is a white background, black text. If you're a seven-figure landscaping or hardscaping business, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a content agency doing a million a year, we want to help you scale. Next one. If you're a seasoned weight loss clinic practice, we want to help you scale. Now, he has 1,700 active ads going on right now. Okay, we can go to the top just to show you. 1,700 ads, okay? And once we come down here, I'm going to come back to these. He has probably hundreds of these black and white images, okay? All calling out different avatars. Look at all this. So, once I saw this, I was like, this is crazy. I wonder if he's doing it with School, too. And he is, okay? Check this out. So, over here on School, okay? They have 3,700 active ads going and they're doing the same play, okay? You can see keto coaches, business coaches, holistic health coaches, self-defense teachers, swimming coaches, ceramic teachers, tennis coaches, mental health coaches, sobriety group coaches, divorce therapists. And again, if I just keep scrolling, this just keeps going on. Energy healers, spray tan business owners. Like, there's so many and some of these are funny. I'm like, man, these are super niche, you know? Money mindset coaches, sewing teachers, dating coaches. I again, I'm telling you, they just go on and they'll probably do about a hundred or so, what it looks like for one type of style and then they'll make like more styles. But again, they're all they're doing the same type of creative style, just different avatars. Now, when I saw this, I was like, wow, this is a great example of how Andromeda, which is the new update Facebook made. If you guys haven't watched my older video on that, go check it out. It just really covers the big changes Facebook has made here. I'm going to share with you guys just a quick article, little bit and an tidbit on it. And then I'm going to share with you guys how I would structure something similar if you're a smaller business trying to scale with Facebook ads using a similar strategy, okay? So, let's come back. Jon Loomer is an OG in the in the Facebook advertising space. He made an awesome article on this. In the other video I I made, I also referenced this article. So, let me just going to break this down. From a high-level overview, Andromeda is Meta's new retrieval engine. It takes millions of ads and narrows them to find thousands of candidates and it does so in a way that Meta claims is faster, smarter, and more personal than ever before. In other words, Andromeda is designed to handle the explosion of creative options. The more meaningful variety you provide, the more opportunities Andromeda has to connect the right message to the right person. So, coming back to this over here, you can see he's got a lot of variety in who he's calling out. And with the Andromeda update, the retrieval engine is better. So, it's better at finding the right people to put the right ads in front of. So, you used to have to be really specific with your targeting at the ad set level and only say, hey, I want a look-alike audience or I want Tony Robbins' audiences and interests and all this stuff. That has changed so much. Now, in 2025, going into 2026, the creative itself does the targeting. So, whoever you call out in the ad, the ad is going to get served in front of. Okay, Facebook has developed a technology that allows us to not worry so much about targeting and instead, we can focus more on the ad itself to be delivered in front of the right person. Okay, so before I share my screen and walk through the campaign setup, let's just talk from a high-level overview. You'll notice that Hermosi and School both call out different avatars in all of their ads. If you're doing less than a million a year, it's probably not a good idea for you to test multiple different avatars, okay? So, instead, how I would structure this is I would have one specific avatar and I would test out multiple different pain points or hooks or problems or goals or outcomes that they want to achieve. So, we want to use creative diversity to have different marketing messages that apply to the same person. Because what that allows you to do is instead of trying to figure out who do I help with all these things, most of the time we already have an idea of who our avatar is. So, instead of of targeting different avatars, pick one avatar and have multiple problems. And then what we can do is once we find a winning angle, so a winning problem, by putting all of these into one ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second, we spend a bunch of money on them and we see Facebook's like, this one right here got you the most leads. This one right here got you the most amount of sales. Now, I can say, cool, what is the copy that was used in that creative? And that is what I can make more ads around. If you're under a million a year, you don't need multiple avatars. You need one or two really strong winning angles, okay? Angles are like pain points. And then we want to make a bunch of different creatives around that angle. As you scale, you will need more angles, you'll need more avatars, etc. But when you guys saw this video and you saw how he was doing it, I just want to say, hey, you do not need to have multiple avatars for your ads. If anything, it's going to make it more confusing for you. When you're at scale, you do. He needs to make his total addressable market bigger. If you're under a million a year, you don't. Pick one avatar and test a bunch of problems. All right? So, let's jump into the logistics of how to do that. Okay, I'm here on my computer right now and this is how I like running most of my campaigns nowadays with these new updates. Again, because targeting isn't as important anymore, targeting happens more at the ad level. So, I'm a huge fan of having just one simple campaign, right? Where we have one broad ad set and then inside we have 10 to 50 ads. All of those are going to be either top of funnel ads, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel. All are in there together, working together to decrease your cost per result that you're optimizing the campaign for, okay? That's what I like to do. Now, the problem with that is that if you're going to do something like this where we're going to test a bunch of different creatives, okay? Like, you know, 20 to 50 that are all kind of minor tiny tweaks, I wouldn't want to drop that in this one ad set campaign because it's going to shift a bunch of the budget away from what's already optimizing and working. So, it can actually destabilize the campaign as it's going through testing. Facebook is is trying to expand the limit of amount of ads that can be in an ad set. I've heard some people say they have upwards of 250 ads per ad set. I still have some older campaigns that only have a 50 ads per ad set limit. So, if I dropped 20 different ads inside of here, I'm not going to have ad room for other ads. So, because of that, you're going to want to do a two-campaign structure if you're going to do creative testing like this. Now, how I would run this is I would make one campaign, one ad set, very broad and I would throw all of the different variations, again, minor variations, into that existing ad set. Testing new hooks, pain points, etc. And see what gets the most spent, okay? What gets the most spent, what gets the most results. Then I would take that and then I would say, okay, cool, this is the winning angle. Now, I'm going to start making more ads, aka this is creative diversity, more ads to test with this angle so I can scale my campaigns. Again, the name of the game right now is creative diversity and the thing is what I'm hearing a lot of people think say when they think creative diversity is like starting from scratch ads, making it from ground zero. But again, if you're under a million a year or even at 2 million a year, you should double down on what's working. Double down on the messaging that is working, the pain points that are working. So, how can I create creative diversity if this ad that I'm launching right now is a static image just with text? How can I turn that into a B-roll ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I turn into a video ad that's going to attract a different type of person? How can I change into a different static ad that's going to attract a different type of person? But we don't need to go ham and create all scratch ads if we don't need to. Instead, we're going to find the winning ad, okay? Winning angle in this campaign, okay? Find the winning ad and then we're going to replicate like crazy, but again, using different creative formats, okay? So, that's the name of the game here. And what's going to happen to once this campaign is over and you found the winner, you can kill this campaign and launch a new campaign of your next test, right? And you can move all of the winning creative angles into your original scaling campaign, which is the same one as this one here. Okay? So, let me show you in the ad account of what this would look like, okay? So, I'm going to skip the naming conventions. I typically would do this, organize it really cleanly, but I just want to show you from a high level of how I would set this campaign up. This is going to be the testing campaign to test all of those different hooks in one campaign, okay? So, I'm going to first have a minimum budget of a hundred dollars a day for this because we're testing a lot of variables, okay? At the ad set level, what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here and I'm going to keep this extremely broad, okay? So, I'm not going to touch really anything. The only thing I'm going to adjust is I'm going to change my minimum age to 25 because I just don't want younger people getting these ads cuz I can't help them, okay? Other than that, I'm going to keep this 100% broad. This is a testing campaign. Then I'm going to jump down into the ad level and this is where we're going to make our first ad, okay? So, I'm going to come down here. I'm going to leave pretty much everything as is. Single image, it's got my link there and then add creative. This is where I'm going to add the ad. I'm going to scroll over to my media and then you can see I already have a bunch of ads that are listed out here. Here's my first one. I'll go ahead and push one, okay? I would write out all the text, okay? I would typically do two to three variations of primary text and headlines for these. I'm going to skip that for the time being so you guys can kind of see what the full campaign will look like, all right? So, boom, that is my first ad here. I don't like the site links. I'm going to turn the site links off. I just don't don't like them. I just want them to go to my funnel, not anywhere else on my website. So, I'm going to turn that off and if you already have the creatives added to your ad library, be careful on this. So, a lot of people I've been seeing aren't turning this off. And this is fine in a scaling campaign, it's fine, but in a testing campaign it's not. So, this says 10 media are being used in this ad. And as you can see, this is a different version of copy than that one. If you're a coach doing a 10K a month but posting content with no ROI. This one over here is this if you've tried ads and failed. I don't want all of these being added because that's going to throw off my test results. So, make sure that you have related media off for this testing campaign. Okay? We're going to scroll down here. Everything else should be pretty good. Uh creative enhancements, I I turn most of this off. I'm going to turn all enhancements off. And then the only one that I really will will keep on and these are actually look they're already checked on. Enhanced CTA, reveal details everline, yeah, turn off that. Cool. Okay? So, boom, that is my first ad. And once that is done, I'm going to go ahead and push duplicate and I will duplicate for the number of ads that I have. Right? So, if this is 20 ads, I'd have 20 in here. Now, again, I would name these better. I'm I'm going through this kind of fast. I would name it like, you know, the first one ad one, ad two, ad three all the way through. If I wanted to make it even more specific, I could say, you know, white background ad one. White background ad two. Or you could even Some people use naming conventions like, you know, 101, 102, 103 and they have a whole Google sheet that kind of walks through the naming conventions. Again, I'm not I'm not trying to cover that in this video, okay? So, once I made that first one, I would then go to the second one and all the stuff that I've already made is going to be on this one from the last one. So, all the copy, everything. And all I would do is just edit media and I would swap it out for the next image. All right? And that's pretty much all I'd have to do. All right? And I do that for all of them. Uh it does look like you can see the related media got turned on again. So, just exit out of that every single time because it just uh keeps adding more. It just wants to do that. So, make sure related media is off. Okay? But I'd have all of these ads in here. I would launch them and then based off again what is getting spend and what is getting results, I would take that creative and say, "Okay, now I'm going to start making video ads." I'm going to make take this same wording, right? So, if you're a coach making 10K a month you've tried ads and failed. I can turn that into a video ad. I can say that as a video ad on my iPhone just like me walking and talking. I can do a professional video just like this talking to it. I can take this same one and post it uh as a selfie like of me, right? I could do one of me holding up my iPad and have like little bubble text, right? So, what I'm trying to get at is this is a great way for you to test really fast. And again, I would keep this coming back to my example over here in a separate campaign, see what works and then throw the winner into the scaling campaign or I can start making variations of it to scale the account uh and put that in a new testing campaign, okay? I don't want to get too in into the weeds here cuz again, there's so many ways you can do this and structure this. So, if you guys are looking for help learning how to launch and scale Facebook Instagram ads, I'll have a mini course link down here below. It's to a free school group that walks through exactly how we uh set up campaigns, whether they're DM campaigns, conversion campaigns, follower ads, all of that stuff. So, if you're looking for help growing your business, go ahead and click that link, join the mini course today. All right? So, that's what I got for you guys today and I will see you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alex-Phocas: Really really helpful mate
  2. @cdropbox: very useful
  3. @axidote98: very helpful. I'm trying to learn making creatives and seting up a campaign for a monday/tuesday deal for a restaurant and Its a bit scary bc the business margins are already very low. and since this is my first campaign i'm not even charging any money 😅. Do you have any recommendations on where to start learning about making basic but effective creatives. if you know a youtuber that is knowledgeable in that area i would love to hear a name or two. thanks for the vid
  4. @unknowndnd11: Do you not run retargeting campaigns anymore?
  5. @guanyuan3285: Correct me if I'm wrong, from the ad creative style (white BG black text) in the ad set you set up, wouldn't this signal to Andromeda that they're pretty much the same thing? (Not much creative diversity)
  6. @RafaelBelor: the link to the skool community doesnt work... :(
  7. @AdamLundquist: So you don't test the headlines per say? You would have three headlines but are really just testing the creative?
  8. @blokeinthearches: Matt - if we're running a test for a specific product (e.g. a designer kettle), are you suggesting it should be the same image in each of the ads, albeit with different text overlays? I was under the impression Meta was punishing creative similarity nowadays?
  9. @kouadiostephane6555: And if you are an e-commerce business with multiple products, do you run a campaign for each product or a campaign for all products?
  10. @ansel_br: 🙌👍
  11. @HansSmith-mn9mz: We are based in Europe, and everything was working great until about 10 days ago, around the end of February. We mainly run video ads, which have been performing very well, while our static ads have never worked as well. However, our leads have suddenly dropped by about 50%, and we’re not sure what’s causing it. We’re wondering if it could be related to the Andromeda update or possibly the war in Iran affecting people’s willingness to engage spend as the situation in the world is crap currently
  12. @IgnasPuluikis: Matt, great video, thanks for sharing your knowledge. I do have a question - when you are testing 20 new ads (white background static image with different angles), do you use the same three headlines and primary text options for all the ads? Being more specific, I mean, how do you isolate what was the winning part of the ad if you use different creatives, different copy on the creative, different primary/headliner
  13. @adeoyecharity8467: Please, What's the minimum number of ads that should be created if you are on a small budget of $10 per day ...Is 10-20 ads not too much?
  14. @DustyBoi843: can this technology pull the audience information from your video and speech as well?
  15. @aykutsaracoglu5021: So the adset is my avatar and inside the adset i try multiple pain points and angles for this persona?
  16. @DemianManzur: So, now Meta knows if you own a mental health institute or a real state agency? so you don't target that?
  17. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: What’s the best Meta Ads sales campaign structure when using dynamic catalog ads for a store with multiple furniture categories (coat racks, tables, etc.)? For example, would it make sense to run one Sales campaign (broad / Advantage+ audience), one ad set, and inside it one dynamic catalog carousel ad per product category?
  18. @achrafamal5940: Alex no longer uses this format! Do you think it flopped in the long run?
  19. @aliwashington2319: whats the time period for testing the ads to see which ones are winners
  20. @questreal5812: would this work well for b2c apps too?

- How to Analyze Meta Data with Andromeda: Don't Turn Off 'Bad' Ads! (Hidden Funnel Behavior): Kind: captions Language: en When do you turn things off, and when do you leave them running even if they're losing money? That's exactly what I'm going to be covering today. Okay, so today I want to cover a very important topic around the optimization of a meta campaign in today's day and age with Andromeda. So, I've done plenty of content on what Andromeda is, what it does, how you should deal with it. If for some reason you have not seen this content, please do check out the link I am providing. It will go over everything that I just mentioned in a very detailed fashion. So, that's not going to be the core of what I'm going to cover today cuz most of that content has to do with kind of what you do on the front end with Andromeda. Here, I want to focus on, okay, now that your campaign is up and running, you have data flowing through, how do you properly optimize this? So, what's going to happen is obviously some things are going to work well, and some things are going to work not as well. Now, you might tell yourself, okay, great, that's very easy. When something is working not as well, I'm just going to turn it off, and then my campaign will shift the budget over to the items that are working well. That is not necessarily the case of what you should be doing. As a matter of fact, it's very much the opposite of what you should be doing more often, not 100% of the time, which I will cover, but more often than not, even when something is not working, you do want to keep it running for a couple of different reasons. First and foremost, just because you cut something that is losing you money, or maybe just not even making you as much money, it doesn't mean that loss is going to be complete disappeared, and that now all of your assets are going to be promoting a very positive return on ad spend. It just doesn't work that way. What's going to happen is that loss that you are experiencing in that losing asset, it's still going to shift somewhere else to your campaign. That's just the nature of the business. But, even though that asset or that audience or that ad that you are testing maybe quote unquote losing you money or it just isn't performing as well as some of the others, it can still be doing something very positive for you. There's two things that can be going on here. First and foremost, when what is actually the most likely scenario is that Andromeda, what most people don't talk about here, is that Andromeda also creates funnels with your ads. So, if you have a campaign and you've got 20 different ads going on, however many it may be, it's going to create a funnel with those ads. Meaning, it might show to the same person ad one, and then a couple days later it shows them ad two, and then a couple days later it shows them ad three, and ad three is the one they convert on. Now, you don't see the sequence, but it is going on in the background, and then when you happen to hop into your ad manager and that ad three has all the conversions and ads one and two don't have any conversions, you might think, "Oh, ads one and two are lousy." However, it knows that it shows these people those ads in those sequence, first ad one, then ad two, then ad three, that is actually the path that's going to lead them to a conversion event. So, that could be what's going on inside of your campaign. So, when you see these lesser performing ads or audiences, whatever it may be, just keep in mind that this funnel could be taking place and so all the ads are working together in tandem. Meaning, again, if you go in there and then you turn off that lesser performing ad or ads, whatever it may be, that's how that loss is still going to be shifted somewhere else into your account because then it's going to use some other ads in that sequence, right? Or maybe it can't do that proper sequence, so all of your overall return on ad spend or cost per purchase, cost per lead, whatever it is that you are measuring for this, it's going to go up together. So, if you do happen to turn something off, and I will, there is a scenario, don't worry, there is a scenario where you can turn things off and I'll get into that a little bit later. But, whenever you turn things off, make sure you're not looking at your results at the ad level. Look at them at the campaign level. If you turn something off and obviously, you know, that particular ad no longer will be running and you're telling yourself, "Okay, great. Job well done. I turned off my lesser performing ad." But, if your overall campaign cost goes up, again, whatever that cost is, cost per purchase, cost per lead, then you didn't do yourself any favors, right? The overall results are worse. So, please always make a note, take a screenshot, "Okay, here are my results. I'm turning off these ads. Here are the overall campaign results. Let me see what happens when I turn these ads off." And again, if you see the overall campaign results get worse, then you know you should actually have those, quote-unquote, lesser performing ads back on because they were likely doing that funnel sequence that I just mentioned. So, before I go any further, let me go ahead and share my screen and I can show you what this might look like in practice. All right. So, here we are inside of a client account and this is a single campaign where we have a bunch of ad sets all going to the same audience and then inside of each ad set, we just have a unique set of ads with a common theme in them and all driving to the same $47 product. So, this is over the last 7 days we are looking at right here. And you can see this campaign actually, over the last 7 days, is doing great. Again, this is for a $47 product and most ad sets are averaging somewhere between like a $11 to $15 cost per purchase on a $47 product. So, great, things are going well. But, there is this one ad set right here which isn't spending an insignificant amount of money. It's actually pretty much on par with the highest spending ad sets right there and it has seven purchases at $38 per purchase. Now, $38 per purchase is still profitable, that's good. However, when you compare that to the other ad sets which are getting $11, $12, $13 cost per purchase, right? I might look at this and be like, "Oh, wow, this is really bad. If I turn this off, now I'm just going to have a better overall return on ad spend on these other ad sets right here." But, I'm not going to do that because what may be going on here, what is very likely going on here, is that these ads in here and this ad set are being shown first. They're the top funnel, the introduction when someone first sees any of these ads right here, and then they're later converting on all these other ads. And so, if I actually turn this off, it's very possible that my overall campaign results are going to get worse. So, even though this is my {quote} and {quote} worst ad set, it's still functioning in a way that is beneficial to Andromeda. And so, therefore, I'm going to leave it. All right, before I go any further, real quick, I want to say that if you don't want to worry about making these decisions, should I leave this on? Should I leave this off? I don't know what to do. I'm panicking. Don't worry. My team and I can take that burden off of your plate. We are currently bringing on new clients right now. So, whether you're a small business on a small budget or a large business on a large budget, we have all sorts of packages and offerings that can help you with where you are at in your business journey and where you want to get to. So, I'm going to have a link in the description below. Go ahead and click on that and we'll schedule time to talk with me personally. We'll be on a Zoom call, figure out where you are, where you want to go, what the best path for you is, and we'll take it from there. I look forward to speaking with you. Okay. So, there is a classic example of a {quote} and {quote} lesser performing ad set that it's very tempting to look at that and want to turn off, but you do not want to do that. It is likely doing a very important service in that overall campaign. Now, another thing that may be going on here is that ad set could be getting in front of a different unique audience that the other ad sets are not. So, I've discussed before that with Andromeda, targeting takes place at the ad level. It's going to analyze your ad copy, your creative, and then based upon what you're saying and doing there, it'll get in front of the right people for you. So, perhaps also this one right here that I was just showing you where the cost per purchase was $38, perhaps that's just getting in front of a completely unique audience that is different, but maybe that audience is of higher value where they're taking the $47 purchase right now, but perhaps they have a higher likelihood of buying further down the line for a higher ticket item. Whereas all the other assets, again, I'm only hypothesizing here, maybe they're getting in front of a lesser quality quality audience in the sense that yes, they're buying the $47 offer at a higher rate, but maybe they're not buying a higher ticket item further down the road. You don't know these things. Obviously, a higher caliber audience is going to cost you more money. So, that's also another reason why I want to leave this asset on, but maybe I'm getting in front of a completely different audience here. I want to get in front of these people. At the end of the day, it's still profitable, not as profitable as the other assets, but let me go ahead and keep it running in case that is also what is going on here. Okay, you want to leave these lesser performing assets and ads running. That's not always the case. There are examples when you do want to turn things off, and that's when you just see an exorbitant amount of money going to a lesser performing asset or ad, and also that lesser performing asset or ad, its cost is just well beyond anything that you want to bear. So, let me hop back into this account and we'll show you a different example going on here. Okay, so hopping back in here, I am now taking a look at the date range. It was a little further back, about a month ago with this campaign. So, previously I was looking at last 7 days. A month ago this campaign actually was struggling a little bit, and if I go ahead and look at the performance of the various ad sets right here, you can see there's this one ad set here that was turned off because it it was two purchases over a given week at a cost per purchase of $98. Now, $98 is well beyond the sustainable tolerable performance of what is going on inside this funnel, right? So, it's okay to lose some money. I obviously that's more of a decision on the client. I know with this client that $98 is just far beyond anything that needs to be tolerated, so this was turned off. Ultimately, it's up to you in terms of what is tolerable for you. So, in your scenario, if you were selling a $47 product, right, maybe that threshold is $60, $70, $80. I don't know. Again, it's more of a business decision on your end, but a certain point there is a threshold that any business can tolerate. So, if you see that, don't think that what I just said previously, "Oh, no, leave it on. There's a sequence going on and this that and the other." Again, we're all here in order to make money. So, if something is really losing you a lot of money, then yes, that's fine. Go ahead and turn it off at that point. All right, and there you have it. I hope you enjoyed this breakdown and that it provides a lot of clarity in terms of how to analyze your data and properly optimize your campaigns. This is a very big and common mistake, which I get, by the way. You see an ad set or an ad that is {quote} {unquote} underperforming and naturally the instinct is, "Oh, I need to turn this off." But again, with the way things work now, that ad or ad set could be doing a lot of good for you in your campaign. You just don't realize it yet, but hopefully now with this help with this guide, you'll know when it's appropriate to leave on and when it is appropriate to leave off. But as always, if you have any questions about this or anything else I cover, just let me know in the comments. I do my best to get back to everyone within 48 hours. And wherever you are watching this, please also do me a favor and hit that like button, hit the subscribe button where wherever you are consuming this and share it with a friend. It is the best way to help grow this content for me and get the word out there. So, I do appreciate everyone's support and I will see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @imalvaroberrios: Whether you're just getting started or you're spending $50K/month, we can help!
✅ Need help with ads management?  Book a call here: https://www.alvaroberrios.com/schedule-a-call

- The DPA Death Spiral Andromeda Doesn’t Warn You About: Kind: captions Language: en the death spiral. >> So, we're going to change gears here. We're going to go to um we're going to switch from MM to this. Yeah, go ahead. >> Side note though as well on the death spiral. What it is people don't know. Think of it as when you scale, you go into a stairstep process, right? You scale, results aren't the best, then they get better and you scale again and you kind of just go through this, you know, climbing your way up. Well, the same thing works in reverse where people scale down, it looks really good. Roz looks amazing, Emir looks amazing, and then it drops off because they're not feeding the funnel. and this way scale it down again and again and again >> and you get yourself in a scenario where you just keep scaling down to maintain profitability and you're unable to to break past that because you're looking at rorowaz and you're looking at in platform metrics typically that's the reason >> why yep and what we're what we're going to be seeing here is that there's a a um kind of the opposite is true on the scale up. So, what's interesting about this is this is a fashion brand called they have amazing clothes, high AOVs with 350, 450 fashion brand. Think of it like, you know, it's not at the level of like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, and Stal, but they're they're along the same lines. Very powerful old rich family, that kind of stuff. They have the capital, they have the cool clothes, and you know, they they want to fund it. >> They're old and rich. >> Exactly. The family is it's like it's like generational wealth type of people. So, here's what's funny though. When you sort descending by spend the last 30 days, look at this concentration on DPA out of $45,000 in spend. The ads that are DPA ads, out of that 45,000, there we go. That should be all of them filtered towards the selected rows. Out of 45,000, 30,000 of the 45,000 or basically 66% is coming in as DPA ads. Now, we're still using the new customer purchase as our goal. This is now >> cappy imported coming from audience OS. >> Okay. >> And this is um everything's you know tracking is perfect here. But it this is essentially Meta's version of a feed only PMAX >> heavywarmm traffic catalog/shopping ads only. There is no brand building. There's no brand awareness. There's no you know company story. There's no new drops. There's no sneak previews. There's no sales. I mean, it's basically just like [snorts] here it is. This is all of it. So, um, we had a question. Audience OS. Audience OS is a third-party um tool that will import edge tagged server side new or returning customers with the highest degree of accuracy in comparison to Meta or even [clears throat] >> any other LFR. Well, Lar is not even cappy or not. Lar is not even edge tag. They're server. They're capp, >> but the tag is is non-existent really because it's firing on the site. >> Edge tag means it's firing at the domain. We tag the person before the law says, "Hey, have they hit consent mode? Hey, have they accepted all cookies? Hey, no, you can't do that." Uh, GTM GA4 is going to miss them. You know, the the edge tag can can identify them. It's a very very very powerful tool that gives us extreme accuracy inside the platform to retrain the pixel into targeting based on what we're using as a goal. And the scale click data. Well, >> just for click data. >> Uh, no, you can get click and you get you get gauge view conversions too. >> Well, I mean the the accuracy is from typically click data. >> Yes. Now, because it's last click attributed if you have a click, but then you have a view of an ad and you convert technically it'll pull out of the click data here and they'll give it up to that view there. >> The view. Got it. Okay. >> So, they don't have to be a click. You can import the last click. It says, "Yeah, yeah, that was the last click, but that was not the last thing they did. They actually viewed that ad last. >> Now, that is actually the crux of the whole thing. DPA ads go warm. They're meant for remarketing. They're meant for conversions. They're meant to say, "Hey, remember dynamic product ad dynamic means remember that product that you're looking at on our site? You want to buy it?" It it typically does a lot of you were tagged on the site because that product's in the cart. Do you want to buy now? >> Gotcha. >> Because they are last click attributed. Well, because meta is lastclick attribution and because DPA is remarketing and because whatever earns a CPA typically earns the spend. You see how this now becomes a death spiral. As long as I remarket everybody and as long as I get the returning, you know, user and as long as it has CPA, it'll have spend, which means if it has spend, it will get the returning user. So, it's almost like, did that ad work? Yes. Did it work on new customers? Yes. inefficiently. It doesn't matter. It has all the volume. So, it earns twothirds of the spend. And now we're now we're seeing a point of scaling diminishing returns. So, when we look at this here, I have 132 new customers. I have 25 repeats. The next one, I have 22 26. I have 22 new customers. I have six repeats. Now, when you're using standard attribution, you have 80 website purchases, 96 repeats, and five new. That's so bad. Uh don't you don't use standard attribution. That means that only five are new out of out of 96 or five are new out of 80. Awesome. And you can see how much the website purchase just totally that up. But when you're using AOS new customer, you usually get more new than repeat. That's that's the point. But even that right there, check that out. I mean 96 repeat purchases by new. >> That's what most people are on too, which is crazy. >> That's why they're hating the Andromeda update >> right there. >> Yeah, they're super good at it. Um, now I ran this as a test in Blackpoint Seafood. I said, "Let me let me do this to stress test this to see if it'll scale." We ran this uh through June and July. Um, here. And we said, "Let's test out a DPA ad into our main campaign and let's see what happens." This campaign here, I had a good amount of ad spend on. Everything else was getting spent. It had some purchases here, some good, some bad, some, you know, wrong, some right. Everything here is is all jumbled together. These two are in the same campaign though. So watch this. When you look at the same campaign, which is this main one, and you look inside of the one ad set, these two 14 and 11. >> Oh no. >> 41 43 350 260. >> Oh gosh. >> So this earned more spend than anything else. Had a $100 higher first click on CAC, and actually had less attributable conversions than our ad did with the actual sale. So these two here when you add in a DPA ad it says I can remarket which means I earn the sale which means I earn the spend which means because I have the spend I can remarket which means I earn the sale which means I get the ad spend which means I you see how that repeats [laughter] >> that it captures all parts of the funnel and then degrades it. >> Yeah. If there anybody is ever out there in Metaland that ever had a hintling of ever buying anything from us, DPA kicks in. >> Yeah. And then takes credit and then leans more into DPA. Yeah. >> Exactly. Right. And DPA is very good by saying, "Okay, I have 158 purchases, but only 41 are new." >> That is super inefficient. >> Terrible ratio. >> And that's view too mixed in there, too. So, >> yep. And so, that's what's interesting if we if we, you know, there is no comparison here, which is nice. If we look at the compare attribution settings because this thing can show more often being the last one because it can show more. I still have a good amount of click. I still have a good amount of click but I have 40 compared to three versus 33 compared to eight. Oops. >> So you can even see like yes 41 and 43. Actually 40 and 33. So this one's actually about 15 no about 13% higher over here but only a two two change difference because typically people don't look at attribution settings be like well this is a catalog it's going to remarket which means it can earn more which means it gets more here which means I get all the spend so it's almost like saying hey let's abandon like all of our prospecting campaigns and just turn on a feed only pmax with a high troz that's the equivalent >> against all traditional marketing and traditional marketing is the baseline that works So, >> exactly. Now, you can flip it though. This company does killer on on Google. They do really well on Google. And I haven't managed this company in a while. I helped them set up Cappy Imports, but they have their own in-house media buying teams. And so, not to like disparage them or anything at all, but let me just do this here quick. These two here, I ran an Advanceful Shopping campaign back in March. $16,000 in spend, good CPA in 39. This thing was actually coming from our remarketing campaign. So, what's cool about this is you can actually take a campaign from way back when and it was called the advantage shopping remarketing campaign. This is my ASC campaign back 126 days ago. Still on Andromeda, which means, you know, one adset, one one campaign, one adset, one DPA, only spending $300 a day. And we were doing about a,000 to 2,000 all the way up to like sometimes three and $4,000 per day in Google. So this one became like why not just set it up for all the remarketing. So if you want to use DPA and meta you absolutely can. This thing will just crush new or crush CPA and it will it will work extremely well. And in MM modeling this makes a lot of sense because I have 411 7-day clicks and only 67 one day views. Yes, this is getting a ton of activity. Our average AO or our average CPA in Google is 105. These were coming in at 40. It actually dropped our ENCAC by from 105 down to 80 bucks and it hit like in the 70s and even when this thing was humming into the 60s. So what's interesting about this is yes, this is kind of like you know a better version of app 111 but at a proper spend level. So using a DPA ad inside of meta is extremely valuable when on the flip side you're running a lot of non-brand standard shopping inside of Google. >> [applause] >> Hey, if you like this video, we have a school community where we have a few hundred members and we cover topics everything from the basics all the way to the like hyper crazy advanced stuff that's like coming out next month. So, few hundred members there. We go live twice a week, something with an an hourong education about something that is very relevant to the community that week, plus a weekly Q&A where you just get to come and bring us all your problems and we solve them one at a time. So, I have a link below in the description if you want to join. And then obviously you have any questions, feel free to reach out and we can answer those for you. And we'll see you in there.

- Why Everyone Is Wrong About Meta Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en The latest meta ads Andromeda update has completely transformed advertising. We've seen return on ad spends drop. We've seen CPAs rise and there has been an absolute outburst in new strategies completely change structures and new ways to run ads. Now, the scary thing I'm seeing in the market today is that there is so much advice out there with absolutely no proof of what actually works. So, in this video, I'm going to show you what has actually changed in this algorithm, what everyone is telling you that you need to do, which is mostly wrong. And then most importantly, I'm going to tell you what you should actually do in your ad account. So on December 2nd of 2024, the first Andromeda update releases. Now, I broke this entire white paper down in another video, but what we need to know and what's most important here is that this was released December 2nd, 2024. And the reason that date is so important is because this is right around the time where Advantage Plus started to see some changes in audiences. And what I drilled really hard in on that last video is that the Andromeda update was being used by the Advantage Plus algorithm for months and months and months. Meaning what happened just a few months ago with this new Andromeda update did not wipe your entire account. It just changed manual or non-advantage plus audiences. And then in April of 2025, we see a best practices white paper come out for Meta. and it breaks down basically the two or three things that are most important for us to understand and how and why Andromeda is different. Now, the one thing we need to focus on is creative diversification. Everybody right now is telling you to create new ads all of the time and only create new ads. In this white paper, it very clearly states that creative diversification refers to the practice of creating a wide range of ad creatives with different themes, messages, and visuals to cater to diverse audience segments. In the past, advertisers have relied heavily on targeting specific demographics, interests, and behaviors to reach their desired audience. By uploading multiple creatives with different themes, and messages, business can leverage Meta's AI to test and optimize their ads at scale. What does this even mean? If we go down a little bit further, it says very clearly, "The use of generative AI combined with automation makes it easier for advertisers to upload more volume and diversity of creative, creating more eligible ads for personalization." And here is the most important part. If you've ignored everything else I've said for the last minute, this is the thing you need to know. This increase in creative volume and diversity also means our system must process more information when determining who to show an ad. That's where Meta Andromeda comes in, working behind the scenes to power more complex AI models that can better personalize which ads we show to someone. So the big takeaway here is that as advertisers have increased their creative volume, as they have gone from just running two or three or four or five or 10 ads to potentially thousands of ads like some of the biggest brands, the meta ad system, the retrieval system has had an increasingly harder time. It's taking more processing power to put the right ad in front of the right person. Which actually means that people that were running a boatload of ads previously were at a slight disadvantage because the algorithm and literally the processing power of Meta's computers like legitimately GPUs and CPUs could not process all of the requests and therefore it was too hard and they had to rebuild an entire algorithm which we are now calling Andromeda. So in very regular terms, creative is now the targeting. And what that very simply means is that when you launch an ad, Facebook uses the data, engagement rates, and all of the metrics associated to that ad and tries to match it to the most relevant person. And what this means is you can now create multiple diverse ads, two ads that share completely different concepts, and ad A will be served to one audience and ad B will be served to a different audience. And the real problem is that people are taking creative diversification at face value. Just because each ad is matched to a specific audience doesn't mean we always need to find more audiences. So the recommendation by most people is that you should always be creating new completely different concepts. You should be taking home run swings with every single ad that you launch. You should make no ad look similar to another ad. You should always create a new concept from scratch over and over and over again. And if one ad works, great. Create a new concept. Don't ever worry about iterations. iterations are dead. This is not true whatsoever. So, I want to show everyone this in a really simple way. We're going to be using circles and squares. The circles are going to represent the ads. The squares are going to represent the audiences or who we're targeting. This is the old way. We have an audience and we have ads within that audience. The new way looks absolutely nothing like this. The new way looks like we have ads and then those ads go and find that appropriate audience. So instead of a system that is old school where you have one audience with a bunch of ads grouped in and that audience gets served to those ads, you now have a onetoone system. So quite literally what is happening is you have one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience, one ad to one audience. And I want to be very clear here. You of course have your pixel, you of course have your site information, you have your conversions API, you have maybe other thirdparty sources plugged in here which all have an effect on who Facebook is actually targeting. But the core difference is your ads are the targeting to define what audience you are going to go after. So what everyone's saying right now is that when you have a successful ad, all you have to do is increase that budget. Then go ahead and create a new concept. And if that's successful, you guessed it, increase the budget. Now, what that creates over time is you have to find an infinite pool of new concepts over and over and over. And the creative needs to be so diverse. What that's going to mean is you are going to strike out more than ever. you are going to miss so many times on your ads. You're going to create so many concepts with so much effort. It's going to take such a massive amount of creative resource, but it's also going to take a lot of ad spend to test every single one of these concepts. So ultimately, if you're running less ads and you're only focused on creative diversification, meaning you only are going for new concepts right now, you're going to waste massive amounts of money testing things that are unlikely to work because hitting a home run, getting a winning ad is a very hard thing to do in the first place. Meanwhile, you're taking less shots on goal. You're taking less chances. And instead of trying to hit for contact, singles, doubles, and occasionally a home run, you're only swinging for home runs, which means you're going to strike out a lot. So what do you do instead? Instead of ads, we are changing this in our heads from ads to concepts. We are not focused on an individual ad. We need to reframe this mentally as a concept. Now, what that means is if you have an ad type that you know works well, for example, you know, model photography with big bold letters on the screen works tremendously well for you, that is an ad concept. And now what I've added here is three concepts from the same brand. So Yeti, Yeti Colders, Yeti Mugs, they have a massive selection of products and they have a lot of use cases for their products. So what I put on the screen right here is three ads they are running right now with three completely different concepts. First concept is a very simple product selection on a very standard white/colored out background. The second is a product image of product in use. And the third is a very natural UGC style video. So the big thing we need to understand about Andromeda is that each of these concepts is going to target a different audience because I might react really well to this second ad right here. In fact, just looking at it, I could tell you I actually legitimately do react to that ad. Whereas someone else perhaps maybe down the funnel, maybe in the middle of the funnel, or maybe just a completely different person than me might react really, really well to this ad, and they might specifically react well to this color. They might also react well to the percentage off where I might react better to something that's in the natural setting. And every single person is different. We all have micro tendencies that are different. So unlike old Facebook ads that was about finding that one or two ads and creating a thousand iterations of those ads to address a huge chunk of the market, you would now have the beautiful ability because of Andromeda to create multiple concepts just like this. But the devil is in the details. Everyone is telling us to stop right here. Concept one, concept two, concept three, keep making concept four, make concept five, make concept six. But what you need to do instead and what Yeti is doing right now is they are finding their concepts and then they are creating massive and I am talking massive amounts of iterations of high-performing concepts. So to prove this to you, I went through Yeti's entire Facebook ad library and it didn't take me too long to find and prove out the exact theory that I'm hitting on. First, they launched 318 new ads in the last 14 days. Does that sound like a brand that's running less ads? because it definitely doesn't to me. Let me show you exactly what we're talking about in a real use case. Concept number one, very, very standard product on a splash background. Just as we said originally, concept number two, product in the wild, very straightforward, very clear concept. Concept number three, this is the UGC. This is the product in use. This is the raw stuff. You can see it doesn't have filters on it. It looks very natural. These are three different concepts that hit three different audiences. And what we need to focus on here is we still need iterations. Yeti's creating iterations. Athletic Greens is creating iterations. The biggest brands that we work with are still focused on iterations. You're taking home runs on concepts as we have very clearly here. And you're still building across the concept. So don't think of it as an ad unit. Think of it as an ad block, an ad pack. or if you want to be really simple, as I've said a hundred times, a concept. When you have a successful concept, you need to create iterations of that concept. Now, I want to be clear about something. Iterations need to be bigger. Iterations do not mean you change the Firefly collection to Firefly collection. That's not going to do anything these days. And in fact, it might get less spend. What you do need to do, as we can very clearly see from Yeti right here, is they're taking the concept, the idea that this product on a splash background works super well and they are dropping multiple variants of the same concept to a extend the life of this concept and b milk as much performance as possible out of this concept that is clearly working well. So, as I always say, if you need professionals in your ad account, if you want someone who's actually on top of this just in the way that we are, then click the link down below and go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. And if not, and if you just have questions or you just got some value out of this video, please let me know in the comments below. And I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @raulgolfs [4 likes]: Man my ROAS has been killing me with the new update.
  2. @mgangel7 [4 likes]: It's Facebook's job to set the conditions so that its advertisers' work is relatively easy. If many advertisers are making mistakes, that's obviously Facebook's fault as well.
  3. @mastechtecnologia1019 [1 likes]: Estou no Brasil, com um e-commerce b2b implantei seu método no final de outubro/2025, e já estamos com excelentes resultados. Nessa estrutura nova iniciamos com 100 dolares diario. Excelente.
  4. @HumailJamal [1 likes]: Great video... Very easy to understand and clear
  5. @anudeep3964 [1 likes]: Bro, I genuinely love your content and the deep knowledge you’ve got in Meta Ads🔥. 
You’re literally that 0.1% of people who never settle and keep grinding no matter what 💪. 
And the fact that you share all this exceptional knowledge on YouTube for FREE is just next level 👏. 
God bless you, bro and keep hustling and inspiring.
  6. @Mepicalabarba [1 likes]: I love your content so much!!! I would really like to be part of the moonlighters too!! as another moonlighter I mean
  7. @DigitalMarketingJagpal [1 likes]: Hi Sam, I am from India, Nice learning with you, I am also practicing Google ads and Facebook ads from last 10 years, there is always space to improvement. Its Great Learning with you also... Thank You
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l109
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l109
  9. @tourccs: Few days ago i was contact with Facebook team of no perform issue but they Couldn't give proper solution
  10. @GoranČandrlić: Hey Sam - so should I put one broad campaign and do ABO on each of the concepts - so if the concept work - I just scale / refresh with new creatives on the same concept? Or do I put all the concepts in one adset or CBO and let it run? I think it's better to get separate budget for each concept right?
  11. @adamkennedyripon: so essentially your telling us our  costs 100x to create more ad creatives.  And essentially FB just guessing with your ad budget until it finds people that engage with it, and it doesn’t even a.b test the same ad with the same audience. Sounds ludicrous and highly profitable for Facebook revenue. And lacks transparency as only fb AI know what works (not sharing it with us) leaving us in the cold with no learnings
  12. @Crystal_Cook_: This was incredibly helpful. My question is - do we put different concepts into the same campaign/ad set, or should they be separated?
  13. @amazonbdarija: im testing your way "new way"i ll tell you about the result in 48h
  14. @Bvolts71: From what I understand, we no longer need to use CBO for different creative concepts. Since each creative is delivered to a different audience segment, we should rely on ABO until we identify a winning concept. After that, we can create variations of the winning concept and place them into a single CBO campaign. 

However, I’m still confused. if it’s 1 ad 1 audience, why do we even need CBO? Wouldn’t ABO give us better insights, right?
  15. @dano.cienfuegos: Then why is Meta rolling out the "Creative Similarity" report to avoid having ads with the same entity id?
  16. @a-blastwow8557: Hi Sam!  : ) as always, amazing video! Trying to ask you a quick quest: I can spend 5€ a day on a client. But i'm spending without results. Which is the best strategy in that case if i have 5€ daily? Where could be the error? (business: bathroom renovation) . Thanks if you can reply :)
  17. @johnmaris4334: This explains a lot. Started running ads 10 days ago and thought I had lost my mind. Very, very helpful.
  18. @CoolBoxShop: Are those concepts each in it's own adset or are they all in one single adset?
  19. @drewclary4280: Hi Sam, Love the content. How would you structure concepts from a meta ads manager perspective? Put all in same campaign and adset? Have separate ad sets for each concept, but in the same campaign, or have separate campaigns for each concept? Brand spending ~5k/mo
  20. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?

- How to Use Andromeda in Your Favor (Get Ahead of 99% of Your Competitors): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running a seven or eight figure DTOC brand, you probably felt a shift in your meta ad performance over the last few months. Your CPMs feel less predictable, your winning creatives are burning out faster than ever, and your cost to acquire a customer feels like it's slowly creeping upward. And it's not because your ads suddenly stopped working. It's because the fundamental operating system of Meta's ad platform has completely changed. It's called Andromeda. And while it's creating chaos for most advertisers, it's creating a massive opportunity for sophisticated brands that know how to leverage it. And in the next few minutes, I'm going to show you the exact framework that we are using internally with our 78 e-commerce clients to build a creative diversification system that thrives in the Andromeda era. So you can scale with more stability, more profitability, and a real competitive edge. All right, so what is Andromeda? So in July of 2025, Meta fully rolled out a new algorithm that fundamentally changed how ads are served. The system can now process 10,000 times more ad creatives at any given moment. It's really because of the influx of AI creative. And so what this means is that your three or four creatives per week are no longer competing in a small pond. Your creative is competing in an ocean of tons of tons of different creative. And so the algorithm's ability to find the perfect person for an ad has become exponentially better. Many people think Andromeda is like a bad thing. But if you know how to create diverse creatives, it will actually work in your favor. But only if you give it enough distinct options for it to choose from. So here's the core principle that you need to understand as a marketer. Creative truly controls targeting. And I've been saying this for the last year plus, but with the influx of Andromeda, we've definitely been seeing it. Your broad audiences are typically fine. Your targeting isn't necessarily the problem. The real issue is that you're using the same core message, the same hook, and the same angle across all of your ads. You're only giving the algorithm one key to unlock one type of customer. To win now, you need to fuel Andromeda's algorithm with enough creative to hit different pocket audiences. So, let me break it down like this. before we had basically, you know, you had this big customer segment that probably you were speaking to, right? And so usually historically what we want to do is we want to try to target those customers that are most likely to buy. So you would have this very specific message, but now what we're finding is that there's micro niches in the niches, right? So let's just say for a um for a supplement, right? Let's just say it was a protein product and the mo majority of the market, most of the messaging was just around like protein, you know, muscle growth, right? It just about muscle growth, maybe a gym pro culture. Well, there's actually tons more potential customers that you could speak to. Different angles, different ways to communicate. That could be like women, it could be uh impacts to bone health. I don't know what it could be, but all these different angles for that product, right? And so, what Andromeda wants us to do is to create many different content pillars that speak to every single segment of our market. This is why the old playbook is failing and maybe why you're experiencing ad fatigue. Before Andromeda, you could get away with maybe three or four solid creatives per week. And you could even just film one great video body, swap out the first three seconds, would test different hooks, relaunch the campaign, and performance would come back. And what we're seeing is that approach is now dead. Actually, it's worse than dead. It's actively punished by the new system because Andromeda is basically taking creatives that you upload and if it just has a slight tweak to the hook, it's going to treat that ad as the same type of ad. Right? So if you have three ads and all that has changed is the hook and meta is basically going to feed through the Andromeda algorithm and say this is the same creative. That's why ads fatigue because you're simply giving meta basically small little micro variations of the same creative over and over again. And literally that's ad fatigue on steroids. The algorithm has become immune to slight variations. It sees them for what they really are. The same ad just wearing a different coat of pain. The brands struggling right now are the ones still operating this way. They're looking for micro adjustments, little tiny improvements to their ad creative. And the brands winning, the ones scaling profitably, have made a fundamental mindset shift. They've stopped thinking in terms of individual ads and they've started thinking in terms of messaging diversification. This is very important. So let's just say you have an offer, right? Let's just say you have an offer here. Now, what most people start to do is they start to think of like customer demographics. They think of unique selling points. What we really need to prioritize is messaging, right? how what are the many ways that we can message and communicate that to a customer. And one thing that Meta actually talks about is that they're looking for a diversification of like creative type and stuff like that. But really what we've seen is that messaging is one of the most important elements of the Andromeda update. And so with that, we need to create unique messages. And literally in this video, I'm going to walk you through exactly, okay, what does that actually look like in practice? So how do you adapt and create new messaging? Well, there's really two paths that you could go down. Path one is brute force. You can produce 50 or more creatives per week. For most brands, even at the eight figure level, this is an operational nightmare that drains resources and cash flow to create that much creative at scale. But path two is the approach that we're starting to implement with a lot of our clients, which is more strategic. And what we call is a diverse messaging approach. Okay, very important. We're talking about messaging here. The goal isn't volume. I think a mistake that many brands make is they say, "Oh, we need creative diversification." So, they just churn out tons and tons of different creatives. They think they need to have like bunch of different cuts, bunch of different um UGC creators, like all this different variety. I think the most important thing that you should focus on is the message, right? Because meta is reading your graphics. It is hearing your videos. It's figuring out what is that message and what is the customer that is most likely to convert based upon that message. And so people are currently tackling the Andromeda update by just saying, "Okay, we see creative diversity versus let's create as many different looking creatives." And that's a lot of work. You should first start with the most highest leverage, the biggest pillar, which is the message. So the goal isn't just volume, it's strategic variety. You want to create 15 to 20 completely unique ads every single month. Each ad is built around one single reason someone would buy your product. To do this, we use a process called the customer motivation matrix. And it's pretty simple. you and your team can brainstorm every possible reason, angle, psychological trigger that would lead someone to buy your product. Do not filter yourself. Write every single thing down. So, for example, let's focus on the protein offer. Okay, we're selling protein. Uh, it's not just about building muscle, right? We need to think more than just building muscle here. There's probably way more ways that we can communicate a unique message to the market. So it could be no artificial sweeteners, right? It could be that it no artificial sweeteners. So what it does is it doesn't wreck gut health, right? So maybe there's a gut health angle that you can talk about, right? Maybe there's collagen in your protein that supports, you know, skin, joints, not just muscle, right? Maybe there's other unique factors of your protein. Another one could be third party tested, right? These are three very unique messages, right? And okay, why are we focused on these micro messages? You might be like, Patrick, I've run a supplement brand for so long. People buy protein because muscle building, right? Wrong. Okay. What Andromeda has allowed us to do is to really target those specific customer segments based upon the message. So although, right, going back to this pie chart, let's just say a part of the market, yes, you're right. A lot of the market is really just focused on maybe building muscle and the taste, right? There's those macro messages that you probably want to communicate. But like I said, there's a whole other piece in the market that is uh cares about these different things, right? So someone cares about artificial sweeteners, right? Someone cares about this. Someone cares about collagen and maybe they want something that supports their joints. There's another angle that they care about. Third party tester, there's people that want to hear about the trust, right? These different ads help us reach other uh customer demographics. And so what happens with ad fatigue is if you keep talking the same message over and over, you're just hitting the same audience like crazy, right? And this is very competitive. This is the red ocean, right? This is where all your competitors are speaking to. But if you can figure out the unique messages that can target these people, the algorithm will pick that up and serve that customer that ad. Right? Another one could be right taste, right? So it doesn't feel like chalky protein, right? So it's not chalky protein, right? So, what are all the unique unique selling props, unique messages that you can communicate to the customer? Few more. Let's just keep rattling them off. It helps them recover faster, right? Maybe people are really focused on that. Recover faster. So, less sore uh after your workouts. So, each one of these is a distinct motivation. It's a distinct motivation to buy that different parts of the market are interested in. And each of these messages becomes the foundation for a completely unique ad. This brings us to the most critical part of the framework, the alignment between the hook, the body, and the call to action. So now that we have all of these messages, these are all the different messages we want to communicate to the market. Every ad must revolve around one single core motivation. So instead of creating just a bunch of different variations that are focusing on like this red ocean part of the market, now we can create unique ads for each one of these messages. You can't just swap the hook anymore and hope that will, you know, reignite the ads. The entire ad from start to finish has to be cohesive. Let's say if the motivation is gut health, the hook speaks to bloating. The body explains clean ingredients and the call to action reinforces easy digestion. And you film that as one complete ad. The same goes with graphics and stills, right? You can have some v variety, you know, different colors and stuff like that, but again, focus on messaging. It's the most high highest leverage thing that you can test in your ad creative. And then, so maybe you create a video like that. You create a still like that. And then you repeat the process for every single motivation. That's how you create true messaging diversification. Now you might be thinking, how do we come up with that many angles? This is where you systematize creativity. We use a methodology called the 100 hook framework. Whoops. 100 hook framework. Okay. 100 hook framework. And it organizes hooks into six psychological categories. Very important. Let's break it down here. So urgency. So we have urgency and scarcity. Okay, that's one. We have social proof and authority. Okay, we have problem agitation. Okay, we have curiosity gap. We have transformation and outcomes. And then we have tactical and specific. Okay, let me just make sure I got all all six here. 1 2 3 4 five six. So these are the six psychological factors. Now, when we look at these six, the two that I recommend for seven or eight figure brands to really double down on is social proof and authority and problem agitation. These are what we're seeing are really, you know, stopping people in the their scrolling feed when they're doom scrolling and actually making them take action. Authority hooks position you as an insider with exclusive insight. For example, you could have a personal trainer that says, "After training 100 plus professional athletes, here's what I've learned about protein synthesis." That builds immediate credibility. Problem agitation hooks speak directly to frustration your audience feels right now. For example, it could be something like you're working so hard in the gym, but you're not seeing the results in the mirror. Something like that that really po pinpoints a problem that a customer is facing. This creates urgency and relevance. And so when you use systematically apply these categories to each customer motivation, you generate a near endless pipeline of differentiated creative angles. And that's exactly what Andromeda needs. So what I'd recommend you do is you understand, right? do a brainstorm, upload this into Chat GPT, Claude, Manis, any AI that you're using. And the AI can do a lot, right, for you, right? You don't need to be physically writing out all these ads. So, why does this matter at your scale? This isn't just about ad performance. It's about building a more resilient business. First, it derisks your ad spend. You're no longer dependent on a single angle or a creative. when one fatigues, you have multiple others ready to scale. And that creates more consistent revenue and smoother cash flow, right? What one thing I always see with uh e-commerce brands is what happens is they they test, right? They're testing, they test, they test, they find a winning ad, they scale, and then at that that ad starts to fatigue. What we need to be able to do is we need to be able to keep catching it. So, you kind of have these little little peaks, right? But overall, the trend is upwards. If you're kind of extremely volatile, you find a winner. Oh my god, and then it died and then you're working so hard you can't find winning ads. You're just so volatile, you're just up to the discretion of the algorithm, that's where brands get super stagnant, super volatile. So the goal here, like I said, is to catch those waves and continue to grow in upward momentum. That this is literally the graph. What happens when a creative fatigues? It hits, one starts to work. Oh my god, it's working. It's working. And then it dies out, right? So we need to keep having enough creatives to weather that storm and keep moving in that upward trajectory. So second, it increases profitability. This system uncovers pockets of demand you never would have reached before because before Andromeda, you were just creating ads and we're serving it to the best quality audience. Now Andromeda has the ability to literally show your content to very specific pocket audiences, which will in in turn reduce your CPAs and your blended CAC and increase your contribution margin. And third, this could potentially increase the valuation of your company. If you're operating at seven, eight figures and you should already be thinking about potentially exiting your e-commerce brand and acquirers want to see business with defensible growth systems. Can you actually scale your ads or are you up to the discretion of the algorithm where your your growth is super volatile? We don't want to have one hit wonders in ad accounts. We need a documented creative diversification engine that is a real asset. The Andromeda update has permanently changed paid advertising on Meta. You can no longer win with just a simple handful of creatives testing different hooks and just praying that it actually works. Volume matters, but even more important, strategic diversity is what separates the brands that struggle on advertising and the brands that scale. All right, so here's a playbook for creating ads in the post Andromeda era. Okay, one, we need to identify diverse motivations. Okay. Number two, build unique ads around each motivation with aligned hooks, bodies, and CTA. Unique is key here. Then you want to systematize production, right? So, you need a way to constantly turn out new scripts, turn out new briefs, and get those act executed. This is how you build a creative moat and competitive moat when it comes to scaling up your ad account. It is more upfront work, but if you're able to build this out inhouse or work with a team like us to get this system in place, it really creates stability, profitability, long-term enterprise value. And if you're a seven or eight figure e-commerce brand and you're ready to move beyond daily ad volatility and install a true creative diversification system, then book a call down below. What we'll do is we'll audit your ad account. We'll understand what your creative strategy looks like right now, and we'll walk through this framework for your specific brand and build a roadmap to scalable growth. So, click the link down below to book in that free audit call.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anikethdsouza4719: Hi Patrick, what does one do if the budget is less than say $3000 per month for a campaign. How does one optimise campaigns then as these brands don't really have the resources to create so many ads.

- Facebook Ad ROAS Died After Andromeda? Do This.: Kind: captions Language: en All right. So, if your rose died after the Andromeda update and you still did not figure out how to raise it again and how to scale, this video will be everything you need because with this method, I managed to recover accounts and scale them that really struggled since Andromeda. And you can apply the same thing to your account and I know for a fact it will work because we did it for multiple accounts. My name is William and I've generated over 50 million in sales for 7 to 9 figure e-commerce brands. And with that having said, let's get straight into the video. So essentially what you need to understand is that before Andromeda you could have very very small changes in your creative. You could for example split test one static ad where you have the same image literally three times and then just a different headline on them and then this different headline would attract new people and it was also a valid split test. So you would see what kind of messaging performs the best. Now with Andromeda, Facebook looks much more into what kind of ad format people watch. For example, some people might prefer to see only static posts and static ads. Other people might prefer to only see organic talking videos. Other people might only prefer to see podcast videos. And the entire feed is full with that. So now, if you just post something that has a different headline, this is not enough for Meta to say, "Oh yeah, this is a difference. Let's push it to another audience." Actually, it will just randomly decide what kind of ad to show to your audience. And the split test is kind of wasted. like you can't split test anymore by just having different headlines. Plus, if the problem is not iteration and split testing, but if you in general had in your ad account just the same style of videos over and over again and just different headlines that were targeting like different people and it worked out well. Now, you might be seeing your account struggling because now Facebook is saying, "Okay, this is all the same. This is all the same ad format. Let's push it to the same type of people." Now, what is actually the big fix that we implemented for all the accounts and that worked a charm? So basically all you want to do is to repackage your winning ads and your winning ad messaging into many different creative formats because again as you know Andromeda will show that to many different people depending on what their preferred creative style is and what they have on their feed. And this is how you can really reach your entire audience that resonates with your messaging. So let's say your winning ad was something like this and you always run styles like this where you just have kind of a small review with a lifestyle shot. Now the fix that will get your rows up and sustainably scale your account from now on is to [music] take this and repackage this into all the other creative formats that you find on the platform performing. For example, this is now a short review. Right now here we have a short video with a text overlay and then just like kind of B-rolls and they show exactly like what the product does. Right? So what you can now do is basically take this message and start with someone actually taking a video how they pour this in. So basically kind of animate or like make this static at the video with this kind of captions, right? And then the next clip could be them drinking it and with another style of captions, for example, only 400 marks left. It's literally the same winning messaging that you already proved is working, but repackaged into another creative format. Now, here's another example. Here's an organic talking video. It has no subtitles, nothing at all. Looks very, very organic. So this is what you want to do next, right? You don't repackage it just into one creative format, but everything you see on the platform performing. So here we have someone talking organically about the the the problem, the product, whatever. Right? This is another ad format. So what you want to do now because this already proved to work for you. You take this messaging and have someone um start saying to the camera very organically can't lie. I signed up for the free fall muk while maybe having the product in their hand, but I'm really enjoying the coffee. And then they start talking about how much they enjoying the coffee and why and how is it is better than other alternatives. The classic things that you have in ad scripts, right? So really simple again you take this message and you put it into another creative format or here this is for example an organic looking uh Instagram story. So again you can take this and kind of change it to to this kind of style and maybe change it to someone actually holding this as if it's like a selfie shot uh holding the product here. Right. Um and then with the captions on it, very similar, but for Andromeda, this is a big difference. So essentially, you want to you want to be careful with um repeating the same style over and over again. And even in your split tests, you want to have clear differences. For example, if you test a static ad, one should be for example like this [music] and then with the headline, but then the next version shouldn't be the same headline, but literally like everything the same, but maybe like with a completely different ad format. Right? Now here again another ad style. Here is someone preparing like the makeup and talking about the product in the meantime. Sorry just saw I'm covering the video. So here's the video talking about it and showing [music] how it is looking like. So again you can have just someone starting to talk and preparing the coffee in the meantime and talking about the muck and showing it off. Mix in some B- rolls, right? Things like that. Then here again another ad format. Here we have just basically a branded ad. starts with the brand. So, it's more of a bottom of an L. And then you have just some B- rolls with text overlay. There's no voice, nothing, just some music and just text overlay. And this again, the same thing you can do. So, you can start off with this first sentence here, but then just add the benefits in the in the text overlay. Still use the clips of how someone is like preparing [music] the coffee or maybe just drinking it or just different B-roll shots of the coffee. And this is how you can like repackage your winning messaging into many different ad formats. And this will be taken by Meta and they see okay this is a completely different creative style and they push it to many different new people. So this is the way it works. By the way um this is not an extensive list of adones. You can find many many different ones. But this is the strategy you want to kind of implement to fix yours first of all and then you want to keep going. Then whenever you have a winning messaging you want to repackage that into all different formats. And also whenever you're testing ads, you want to start testing with many different creative formats because again, if you keep spamming the same creative style over and over just because it works, chances are it won't really work anymore post Andromeda because it gets pushed out to the same kind of audience and they don't care if you if you just have different copy or a slightly different looking image on it. Now, if you want help with that, this is exactly what I do with e-commerce brands, just a limited amount of brands. We do it for 15 at one time. Click the first link in the description and we can discuss how we can do that for you. Else check out also this video which talks about how to run ads post Andromeda so it works and how to structure split tests so they can keep performing. Keep scaling. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: Text heavy copy in the image Ad works wonders right now... not sure for how long, but right now it's KILLING IT since the update.  I highly recommend you try that out if you haven't already.  Presumably, since Facebook is scanning the image itself for this text, and uses it as a targeting signal.
  2. @androidphone6972 [1 likes]: I need help with learning beginner level Facebook ads 🥺

- Copy This NEW Meta Ads Strategy (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Meta's Andromeda update made one thing very obvious. If you want consistent Meta performance, then you need creative diversity. And most brands are mistaking creative diversity for changing a hook here and there or changing the copy. My name is Fraser. I'm the founder of Fraggle, and we help DTOC brands across the US and Europe scale with performance ad creative. In today's video, I'm going to be breaking down what creative diversity actually is, how Meta deals with creative diversity with the new Andromeda update, and most importantly, the systems that we use at Fraggle to ensure that we get the best results for our clients in this new age of advertising. All right, let's get things started, shall we? The easiest way to think about the Andromeda update is instead of Meta thinking who should I show this ad to, they're saying which version of this ad should I show to this person. So if you give Meta five ads, they're all basically the same thing. Maybe a couple of copy changes, maybe a different vibe, you're giving the system very little option in what to deliver to people. [music] And so they end up seeing the same ads all the time, therefore impacting your performance. I've been preaching creative diversity and that creative is your targeting for a very long time. And it's only now that the algorithms have kind of got up to date with that. And that's why creative diversity matters more this year than it did even last year. And this is why at Fraggle, we pride ourselves on creative diversity, being able to deliver brands, everything from a low-fi static all the way to a high production product ad because different people respond to different ads. And now the meta algorithm is built for just that. So at its core, created diversity is just about filling your account with different ads. Different ads that resonate with different customer bases so that Meta knows that it can deliver these different ads to these different people. They're essentially stopping people from posting the same ad with a different 2C hook with a changing caption to almost game the system. So to keep things simple, we think of creative diversity in like four main levers. The first one is persona. Same product, different buyer. For example, if we're working with one of our clients, Humantra, two of their core personas, one of them being athletes, runners, people that need hydration to operate at the highest efficiency. Number two is office workers, people that often forget to drink water and so they get headaches during the day and they feel rough. That's two different personas that you can make ads for, but the same product. And the next lever is messaging. This is basically a different reason for someone to buy your product. Going back to the humantra example, I mentioned that athletes buy it so that they can operate at peak performance. It helps them stay hydrated when they're running. That is a persona and a messaging combined. The third lever is the hook. How you are attracting attention within the first 3 seconds. There's so many different types of hooks. I've made multiple videos on this exact channel about different hooks that you can use. We've got visual hooks, we've got audible hooks, we've got copy hooks, we've got bold claims, we've got visual demos. so many different ways that you can hook in a user into your ad. It's all about pulling people away from the scroll, away from their feed that's filled with friends and families and influencers. Give that person a reason to stop and watch an advertisement. And the fourth lever is the format. This could be a UGC format. It could be a founder video. It could be a static, a carousel, a product demo video. Think of this as the wrapper that you're putting around your persona, your messaging, and your hook. If you think of creative diversity like these building blocks, it will very quickly help you get into the mindset of how you can change one messaging and use a different format and make a different ad. At its core, so many ads are basically the same, but the format might be different or the persona might be different. And in Meta's eyes, that's a different ad. But with this new Andromeda update, we normally need to change all of these for it to be counted as a different ad. You can't just change, you know, the text on a hook and expect that to be created diversity because it's well, it's not. Now, before we get into how to iterate and how to actually build created diversity in your account, why don't you give this video a cheeky little like and if you happen to run a DTC brand, you can scan the QR code on the screen to work with my agency and we can do all of this for you. So here is how we like to build ads at Fraggle and iterate. So let's break this into two sections. The first one is actually building the ad units. So let's use the Humantra example that we spoke about before. Let's say the persona is athletes. The messaging is that Humantra helps you deliver peak performance during long runs such as you know marathons. So the creative strategist has worked those two things out. They know the messaging and they know the persona. So the next thing I tell them to look at is the format. How are we going to deliver this ad? A couple of ways that you can do this. The first one is by using historic data. Going inside your ad account, seeing what formats perform best. Again, when you have a history of creative diversity, this is much easier. But when you don't, you kind of just have to throw a load of stuff at the wall and see what sticks. So, if you work with an agency like mine, then you might have more creative diversity options available to you than other agencies. For example, the ones that only make UGC or static ads. We have the ability to do everything from high production podcast ads all the way down to those like lowerfi content styles. So let's say that the podcast format for example is one that performs really well historically for humantra. Well that is going to give our creative strategist a couple of options. We could do a expert ad for example where a marathon runner is being interviewed by someone about how they stay hydrated during long runs. It could be two marathon runners talking and exchanging tips on again how they manage to keep on running and stay hydrated throughout, you know, 4hour long run. It's the same messaging. It's the same persona. It's just a different format and idea. So, let's say that we went ahead and we made that video. We might find out that the podcast format just wasn't right for that. So, what we could do is go back to the drawing board and just change the format. Perhaps a UGC testimonial video. Again, we have someone on a run documenting their journey, showing them make Q mantra and showing them drinking it on the run. Same messaging, same persona, different format. And then within that mix, we have the hook, remember, as well. So for the hook, for example, we could take like a really dramatic part of that podcast ad and put it at the start of them saying, you know, how this changed their life or whatever or how this simple hack altered their marathon running forever. But for the UGC example, maybe we'll do a hook which is more gathered towards like UGC. Maybe it's someone pouring a sache on their face or pouring water over their face, something to really hook people in. Again, say it with me now. Same persona, same messaging, different format. And then to achieve creative diversity across the entire account, now we just switch things up completely. Different persona, different messaging, different format. Do you see where we're going? It's simply not enough anymore to basically run the same ads with the same script, same footage, same creators over and over again with a different hook. Meta knows that people use this trick to game the system. So, they don't want you to do it anymore. You can still use the same script, but change the creator, change the location, change the format. There's actually been so many ad accounts that I've been in where they use this exact hook. They mainly test the script. So, every single ad will have a different script, but the same format. When they find a winning script, they then dive into that further and make that script into different formats. Maybe they'll do a mashup UGC and they'll do a testimonial UGC with different creators and then they might even do like a voice over VSSL because they know that script works. So now they're just creating diversity with the format. This is actually why I think iterating on creative the same way that we did 2 years ago simply won't be a thing this year. No longer can we go into an ad account, just change the hook and expect to see completely different performance. It was a really simple win a couple of years ago and could boost performance. And don't get me wrong, it still does work sometimes, but the majority it's not because when you find a winning angle, instead of recreating the ad 10 different times, you want to expand on that angle, go a bit deeper, change the format. So the system, instead of getting one high-quality option, it's getting five or six highquality options to then choose to serve to the relevant person. And like I said, different people react to different creative. There might be a batch of people that really love UGC demo videos. There might be a batch of people that really love podcast ads, but they're in the same persona as the UGC people. Listen, if there's one thing that you need to take away from this video, it's that Andromeda doesn't reward more ads. Creative volume, I hate to say it, is not the answer. Instead, it rewards intentional variety. So, that means that if you want better performance or meta, you need to stop testing incremental small changes and start doing big swings and making better creative. And listen, if this sounds like a whole lot of too much for you to think about and you happen to spend over 70,000 on paid media, just scan the QR code on the screen or click the link in the description and you can apply to work with my agency and we'll do all of this for you. We work alongside your media buying team and your marketing team internally to deliver you ad creative on a monthly basis that is built to lower your CPA by at least 20%. And of course, as always, if you have any questions, please do leave them in the comments cuz I reply to every single one and I read them all. But before you click on to the other tab, come back down and click subscribe, please. It would mean a whole lot. I really love what we're growing here, and I'm excited to see you in the next video. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RomaizaFatima [6 likes]: Hi Fraser, how much of meta ads knowledge is useful for creative strategy? Can you maybe make a video about ' everything you need to know about meta ads as a creative strategist'?
  2. @JoelSalve-f9b [2 likes]: This channel is criminally under rated, I love how simple yet highly useful & relevant your videos and concept are. Keep up the good work lad.
  3. @youssefsameh4368 [1 likes]: I rarely comment on youtube videos, but damn man you add real value to people not just doing it for views. Love your work! Keep it up!
  4. @evanpoulnais7020 [1 likes]: Thanks you so much for the french traduction and the value please continue like this🙏🙏🙏🔥🔥
  5. @filmnlnja [1 likes]: thank you for all this alpha advice!
  6. @cristian.daczo1 [1 likes]: Very valuable 🔥
  7. @alex.prochshenko: One thing I can’t figure out in the post-Andromeda world is: how do you test the copy for image/carousel ads? Just a/b test? Because if the only variable that changes is the copy, then surely meta sees them all as the same ad.

Or do we just no longer see copy as something worth iterating?

Thank you for the video 🙏
  8. @CLast-nd7tg: kudos
  9. @spiritsaboveus: Hi Fraser, can you make a video about how a brand new brand can run their own ads? Is it really all about creative and setting broad/country and just killing losers and scaling winners. Or is there a lot more to it?
  10. @FatimaCreativeStrategist: How would you go about approaching creative diversity for a brand that has a very specific ICP , like an RV boats products brand targeting men, RV owners 30-45 years old.
  11. @crimeteller26: badass stuff 😈
  12. @suwarno098: thank you very much, it is very useful for me🙏🙏🙏
  13. @RichardElHelou: any tips or anything you can share to keep track of creatives tested? Maybe a creative tracker etc.
  14. @sweetsiesher2509: I love your videos , as someone who aspires to be a creative strategist , its very helpful
  15. @MoizFacts.: q: why is my unaware image ad getting returning customer high roas and barely any new customers haha..
  16. @gabiajando: Why your OWN brand is not running any ads?
  17. @erinreamey: So within an ad set do you need to have different formats, so like 3 different videos? Or is it just overall as an ad account you need different formats

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @user-j7d8o [2 likes]: FEW hard facts about Andromeda and META:

FACT – When you are crafting ads and testing different angles, you already know what you are doing and why. AI “enhancements” are pure rubbish — actually ruining your ads — as the last thing you want is your test to be ruined by literally garbage enhancements, because they are garbage. When you are crafting your ad, you do it in a specific way so you know what you are testing and what you are communicating. So first of all AI should be completely excluded from even touching ad creatives. Also look at those “enhancements” — most of them are a joke.

FACT – In the last few months, Meta was ruining ad accounts by switching things and enhancements without advertising agency consents. Even when you try to kill Meta’s nonsense, after a few days or so, they switch “their enhancements” back without your consent. Meta randomly kills or switches off great ad sets or even creatives in manual campaigns without user consent. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – AI (we use AI quite heavily on a pro level for certain high-end tasks). Around 30% of the time it completely fails — which means Meta’s “algos” become literally a gamble — nothing else and nothing more. We all know that AI is still crap and keeps making mistakes all the time. So when your "Meta AI" algos makes a mistakes - and keeps pushing your ad's to the random - even not targeted or related folks? For instance your are selling only woman related products which are not applicable to men or diffrenet age groups. And you know that - so it you definetly excluding your  ads sets for men or vice versa. However META AI algos - see the engagment, and here you go, you are selling woman tampons - to the guys. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – “More creatives,” “more variations,” “more more more” — "it’s not Meta, it’s you guys". This aligns perfectly with Meta’s issue and their strategy. Facebook engagement and content declined drastically in recent years, so basically they’re just trying to use advertisers to “create more engaging” content for their platform — but engagement never meant sales. If your ad grabs attention because it’s fun to watch, that doesn’t mean sales. Meta on average earns from their users out of our pockets around $140–$200 a day. So this is strategy is a directly tied to their revenue. 

FACT – Some ad accounts were completely ruined by META updates recently. In our case we had a few accounts which were performing quite well — good tested creatives, good audiences — just vanished in a day. Literally you just open the ad account one day and that’s it. You can’t use the same ads anymore. Pushing the same + new creatives (with things we know work, as we’ve been working with clients and audiences) and nothing works anymore. Resetting the whole ad account with 30 different tests, pouring cash, and the result is 0. Meanwhile the same setups, same audiences, and products still run well as before on other accounts — while basically selling identical products and services. So in the end, we just had to tell the clients we literally can do nothing about it.

But don’t trust me — check my facts. You’ll see the same things across the board with pro agencies stating the same things.

And fun fact — a bunch of YouTubers are stating the same scripts: “It’s not Meta, Meta is great! It’s you guys.” Yeah. Totally not sponsored or biased. So folks — keep in mind the misleading content.

Ben — while you’re stating Meta improvements are great, “everyone is making cash off ADV+ setups”  and even selling courses — how come your own company revenue is in steep decline :D
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  5. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- You're Testing Your Meta Ads Wrong (Do This After Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In almost all ad accounts that I ordered, regardless of whether the brand is spending only 30k per month or 300k per month, I see the same mistake and constraint that is holding back brands from scaling further and achieving predictable winning ads in the ad accounts. What's currently happening is that with the improvement of the algorithm, most brands just think, "Oh, okay, now Facebook thinks for me." So, they just dump all of the ads into one ad set, turn on Advantage Plus, and let the algorithm figure out what performs and what not. And technically, this approach works to just be budget efficient and allocate the spend to the ads that will actually perform versus those that won't. But the problem with this is that it really doesn't give you much insight. If you're doing this, the only thing that you can tell is that this ad is performing or this ad is not performing. But because they are not split [music] tested in an environment where only one variable is different, you can't tell exactly why or why not. You can build hypotheses, but those are rather vague because you're not [music] running any clear split tests that don't give you any information about what direction to iterate into next. My name is William at I Drive Traffic Generated over 70 million in sales for 70 to 90 e-commerce brands. And with that being said, let's get back to the video. So, as I already mentioned, this is exactly how testing looks like most brands. And if let's say ad number two performs, they can't really tell why because it's completely different to ad number one or ad number three. It might even be a format change between video and static, and then they are not comparable at all. Now, the system that is changing that and that I'm advocating for and that I'm implementing for so many brands is this one on the right side. This is clear scientific split testing. Every idea that we prepare has three different executions, and this gives us valuable information. For example, if we have an ad idea, we create three variations of that where we change to just one variable. And by changing a variable, I don't mean as minor as just rephrasing the headline or just using another background image. That was kind of working before the Android update, and we were doing such smaller split tests in the past as well. But really with the Andromeda update, they all get labeled as kind of the same ad because it has the same messaging. It goes to the same person, and that means even if you put some effort into split testing, like changing the headline slightly or rephrasing it, it doesn't really have much impact. Now, what does have impact and what will give you a lot of information, especially if you're testing randomly without split test, is if you change just one high-level variable. And the importance here is high-level variable. So, let's say we are running a newsletter static ad. What we would do here is to create an angle split [music] test. So, the format that we chose is a newsletter static ad. Maybe because our audience is 40 to 60 years old, and they [music] tend to believe and trust and get hooked with newsletter headlines much more than by someone's, let's say, Instagram story, which would be a more suitable format for a younger audience. Now, even though this is the format, we split test three different angles. If your product has three different benefits, let's say it's a supplement that helps with focus, but also with So, with muscle recovery, you can write headlines for this newsletter type of ad, and each headline goes into a different benefit: focus, sleep, and recovery. And now, regardless of whether this test actually performs or not, you will see which version gets the most ad spend because you put just those three ads into one ad set. Every other test, you put them into another ad set. So, this way, you can really see, okay, like based on the budget allocation, Facebook is already choosing the best possible ad, just like if you would dump everything in one ad set. But here, it's more intentional, right? Here, we have three versions that are very similar. It's a newsletter style type of ad, and we just have a different headline, and the visual supports the headline. This is really what we want to do. So, technically, if an unexperienced eye would look at it, they would say, "Those are just completely different ads." But the truth is that we still only split test one variable. In the headline, it is the messaging, not just some words, but the messaging is what we split test. And then the visual supports the messaging. But everything else like the format, we try to keep it as similar as possible so that the split test only happens at that messaging level. And since different people care about different benefits, this is a very valuable high feedback test because that will tell you exactly based on budget allocation which benefit resonates most with your audience. So, even if it's losing it or even if it's a winning ad, if for example, let's say sleep got the most ad spent, you can tell, "Okay, people care most about the fact that our supplement improves sleep and we should focus on that and not anything else." And then you can take the sleep messaging and iterate it into different formats. So, now we already know, "Okay, sleep is performing, so let's take this headline." But then this was a newsletter type of ad, right? So, let's take that and repackage that into a lifestyle image or a product image or a review image, right? And then [music] we already have a proven messaging which is sleep. And then combine it with other formats, it's just more likely to perform because the message is already proven. But different people like to consume different types of ads. This is why someone's feed will only have podcast, reels, another person's feed will only have some AI brain rot concepts, some AI brain rot videos, and so on. So, at this step when you already have a winner, it gets really easy because again, you can split test the format and then see what kind of format is resonating most with your audience because you already know that sleep is proven. [music] And if you combine a proven message with a new format, the only variable that changes is the format, which is less impactful than the message. But still impactful enough to bring this message to another sub audience that cares about your benefit as well, which is sleep, but is much more likely to consume those other formats that you created. And this is why it's much more likely that you get winners from those. So, you can see that if you compare this to the naive luck-based testing, on the luck-based testing, can you get winning ads? Yes, of course, absolutely. If you have a winning ad, do you know why and do you know what to do next to hit some more winning ads very easily? Most likely no, and that is the problem with. It can work to get you winning ads, but it's not a predictable system to get you winning ads at a hit rate that is getting higher and higher and that compounds into scaling your brand really, really fast. Now, because this was all just theory, I want to show you an example of how this would look like implemented. So, here's a concrete example of how it would look like. This product, the iMi pump, is basically helping to inflate bike tires automatically without having to use a hand pump. Now, people are already familiar with this product. This is a product aware static. So, you just focus on highlighting its benefits because there's no more education needed for the type of audience that we target here. Now, one of the benefits of this iMi pump, [music] it can determine the perfect pressure of your tire and stops there automatically, regardless of the terrain. Because if you, for example, ride on gravel versus asphalt versus something else, you will need other pressure points. Now, this is saying you don't need one pump for every different terrain, but one does it all because some iMi pumps are not able to determine that automatically and ours can. So, this is the angle here. This is the benefit. And you can see that to showcase it, I would like to emphasize that we have this gravel terrain in the background. And we have this lifestyle image. Now, the second version of this ad looks quite different. And again, someone not experienced might think, well, this is a completely different ad. But, it's not really. It's still going to the same product aware audience. But, here the focus is on ride more, worry less. So, for example, if you get a flat tire, you don't need to take out your hand pump or you don't need to take out like another iMi mini pump and can understand your PSI set the blah, blah, blah. So, for example, if you get a flat, you can just take out your mini pump, set your desired PSI, and then let the pump do the rest, as it says here. So, this one focuses on the time benefits. You just use it and you ride more. You don't need to worry about flat tires all the time or about how long it takes to fill them up with air again. This is why this is showing a cyclist being mid-ride because this is the the focus here, that you can actually enjoy the ride and not all the trouble you might be facing during the ride. This is still a similar type of static right? You you see the format is different, but like basically the split here is in the messaging and the format just supports the messaging. And now, the third variant says "Bike riding in 60 seconds." This again focus now on the benefit of how quickly you can back to riding from having a flat tire. And then the benefit highlighted that this mini pump auto inflates to your exact PSI in under 1 minute. So, you can see that yes, those ads are quite different. They are not just a different headline or just different background image how brands used to split test before the Android update, but it's also not like completely random ads. It's still basically just a product image with some visual context that emphasizes the headline. And that is the point of the higher level split test. Here we have an ad fully clean. It's not just oh, one word is different, but we still have a split test. Here we split test the benefit of not having to guess your PSI versus actually being able to focus on the ride and not what could get wrong versus how quickly you can get back to riding your bike if something goes wrong. Those are all benefits and we're split testing which messaging resonates the most. And the visual formats are of course a bit different, but not as different as oh, this one is a newsletter style ad and this one is a lifestyle and this one is a ChatGPT search or something. It wouldn't make sense because then we would have a performance split test and a messaging split test, but instead we are just focusing on the messaging split test and we are changing the visuals as much as needed to make the specific message and angle hit the most. And if we launch all of those three variants just in one ad set, we will know exactly what benefit resonates the most. We can also make a hypothesis that hey, I think this format to this time which was completely new resonated, so let's try this together with some proven messages. And this is how you can again create a new hypothesis and prove or disprove it and you know exactly what resonates with your audience. And with this framework, you keep learning and you keep building a database of what is resonating with your audience and what [music] not and you know exactly why because you considered this already when setting up your split test. And based on the outcome of the test, you have an instant learning. With videos, we structure it in a similar way. We just split test at the hook level. So basically three different hooks going into three different things, but then the rest of the video, the body of the video is the same. Here's how that would look like. So here we have a video for a product that is killing drain flies. Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after [music] you've deep cleaned the kitchen? Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up deep inside your pipes. Even if you scrub your kitchen spotless, they're going to keep coming back because you're not removing the breeding ground. And homemade hacks, like boiling water, vinegar, baking soda, they only work on the surface. That sludge stays trapped. The flies keep breeding and suddenly they're everywhere. That's where comes in. It's fast-acting formula breaks down the organic gunk where flies breed, stopping the infestation at the source. Unlike surface cleaners, it expands into the hidden corners and dissolves the buildup. It kills drain flies on contact and it prevents them from coming back. Safe for septic systems, plumbing, and even older pipes. Four complete treatments per pack. Perfect for kitchens, bathrooms, and floor drains. Don't keep fighting the flies you can see. Eliminate their friends that are having a secret party in your drain pipes. Click the link below to get your It's guaranteed to work or your money back. So this was the video ad. You can see that in the hook, if we I quickly replay just the hook. >> Ever notice how those flies keep coming back even after you've deep cleaned the kitchen? So we have problem agitation in the Now, what we split test in the second version is not problem agitation, but failed solutions. Boiling water, vinegar, bleach, none of it works to get rid of the pesky flies in your kitchen and bathroom. And here's why. Drain flies breed in the From here the video continues exactly in the same way as it goes in the version one. And then in version three, we just focus on false beliefs on the hook. Those annoying little flies buzzing around your kitchen, they're not coming from your trash or fruit basket. They're living inside your pipes. Drain flies breed in the organic sludge that builds up So this is how we perform the split test for videos. It's still the same idea. We are split [music] testing three different angles, three different benefits, three different hook points. For the static ad, we split tested different benefits. For the video hooks, we split tested problem agitation versus failed solutions versus the false belief. And again, based on which version turns out to be the winning version, or even if not winning, the best and most resonating version, we know exactly what we need to mention [music] and to say in our next briefs and what we shouldn't mention in our next scripts. And this is the system that predictably scales because the more we do it, the more we have a big data vault of things that work and don't work and we know exactly why. And you can also take all of this data and your learnings and feed that into AI and always cross-check against a new script if you have broken any rules based on the learnings that you already had or if you should double down more on a specific other area of the script. And this is how you incrementally improve and scale your brand predictably with new winning ads in flowing every single month and you know exactly why and you know exactly how to do it. Now if you want me to implement this system for a brand, click the first link in the description. This is exactly what I help with alongside with campaign strategy, funnel strategy, and more. And also, if you want to learn how we exactly manage those ads, check out this video where I explain our system for that. Keep scaling. Bye.

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy (Creative Diversity Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I spent years watching brands throw 50 variations of the same ad into the account and then always wondering when nothing was breaking through. And in today's video, I'm going to show you exactly why creative volume is destroying your ad account, what creative diversity actually means in a post-Andromeda world, and most importantly, how to build a system that actually gives Meta something to work with. So, let's jump into it. Most brands, when they hear test more creative, they think that means test more variations of the same UGC ad with a slightly different hook because it feels like you're doing something productive. But what I've consistently seen is that the brands doing that are the ones that are stuck at the same unprofitable CPA time and time again because they think by just adding volume means that they are testing more creative. Well, creative diversity is a fundamentally different way of thinking. It means building a creative system that is made to reach different pots of customers. A UGC video, which is targeted at a specific segment of your audience. A podcast style that is perfectly created to educate the customer before they commit. A founder-led piece to increase brand trust. And the reason why this actually works under the Andromeda update is that the creative is being used as a targeting signal within Meta, which means that if your entire ad account looks the same, not only is Meta going to limit the reach on your ad, but you're also going to be repeatedly targeting the same customers. And at a certain point, just like if you fish from the same pond all the time, you're going to run out of people to target. But when you finally do diversify your ad account, then Meta has more signals to play with and can send your ads to more people. Every single ad in your ad account is labeled with a similarity score. This is behind the scenes in Meta, but essentially, it looks at all your ads and goes, "That one's very similar to that one." and then treats them as the same asset. A great ad account to look at is this one from Meller. I was looking at this the other day and all I can say is this is guaranteed to being flagged with similar ads by Meta. Look at the ad account. Every single static ad looks the exact same. And then even when we do have some video ads, they look basically the same. This is telling Meta that you only really have one ad in your account. They might be seeing results from this, but it's only a matter of time until they don't anymore. Whereas when you look at an ad account like The Black Stuff, a brand that we work with here, you can see tons of video creative. Even from the thumbnails, you can see that so many of them are completely different. Look, it's like well, it is looking at a different ad account, but it is vastly different. Every single creative is different and that is giving Meta the right signals to push to new audiences. Understanding this concept is fairly straightforward. I imagine most of you already know this information, but when a brand tries to implement it unless they structurally do it correctly, then they're going to fail. And that's why you shouldn't be running your ads in just one campaign. Listen, I am no media buyer here by any means. But what I do understand is that if you have one campaign that contains your best spending ads, your winning ads, the golden goose, and then you're launching in untested creative and then letting Meta decide where to send the budget, and Meta's goal is to get you sales, which one do you think is going to get all the spend? Well, it's not going to be the untested creative. Brands come to me on a regular basis and they are confused as to why their new ads never beat their old winners. And often enough, the reason for that is because the new ads aren't getting any spend. A testing campaign has one core job and that is to give those new assets enough spend for you to see results. And then the scaling campaign is where your winners live, where they're getting a ton of budget and they're sharing it across all of your winning assets. And the practical result here is that you always have a pipeline of new winning assets which have proven themselves in the testing campaign. But getting the structure right doesn't matter if the ads that you're putting in the testing campaign were never thought of properly from the get-go. Because most brands are writing a concept, they're creating the video before they've actually thought about, well, will someone actually want to buy the product from this messaging? I know it sounds stupid, but think about the last time that you wrote an ad. Were you actually thinking, will this persuade someone to buy my product? Or were you just autopilot writing the ad? Because the order of this is really important because otherwise you're basically building the entire ad on assumptions. Because a good production workflow starts with research and identifying the core messaging as to why someone is going to purchase your product. And that needs to happen before you even think about the format or the cast. You need to understand why people are buying your product right now. You also need to think about what objections are sitting between you and the customer buying your product cuz there's probably more than you think. One of the best ways to have a look at this information is to head over to Reddit. I actually did a video on how you can use Reddit for your creative strategy. And essentially in that video I mentioned how you can just search your niche in Reddit and it will give you relevant information back. When I say relevant information, I don't mean it'll just give you the answer. I mean that once you dive through the post you will see what people really think about your niche or your type of product. You'll find the reasons why people perhaps don't commit to other similar products. And if you really want to know why people perhaps didn't buy your product straight away, then reach out to them directly. You have their email addresses. You have their contact information. Drop them an email and ask them a couple of questions. Do a survey. Cuz that type of information is invaluable when it comes to creative research. We are always asking our clients for an export of their reviews and any post-purchase surveys they have because that stuff is absolute gold cuz it takes you from assumptions to actual concrete knowledge. Because once you have all that knowledge and you're armed with the correct stuff, it makes everything else easier. Your UGC casting is 10 times easier cuz you know who you need to cast based on your customer. Your scripting becomes way easier because the scripts that you're writing are based on actual thoughts and feelings from your customers. And your editing also gets better because you can see the ads that were performing the best and look at the editing traits. What did they have in common? A really great example of this is Nathan and Sons. It's a gum brand. When we first started working with them, we truly believed one of the main reasons why customers were buying the product and why they were, you know, purchasing was just because this was a way to make your teeth healthier. But after we did some research, we found something really interesting. A lot of people, for some reason, were mentioning that back in ye olden days, how come they had really good teeth and we don't have good teeth now? There has to be something that we're not doing now that they were doing back then. And that got our creative strategist thinking and he put together this ad. You know, people don't really know this, but ancient people actually used to have way better teeth than we do now. No dentist, somehow they still rarely got cavities. And this gum here is actually made using the same methods that they used. So, their big secret they chewed tree sap. So, the Maya had chiclet and the Greek had mastic. And the Native Americans had spruce tree gum. >> And you can see this is like a UGC video, right? But it is based around the idea of exactly what the research was. And that was a massive unlock for us because we found this batch of customers that didn't really know or care about the product until then. And that all came from research. We wouldn't have known that until we found that source. And another thing that most brands are doing is that when they finally do put the ads live, they're watching the wrong numbers. They realize that they're optimizing for the completely wrong thing. I've seen so many brands obsess over hook rate. I've been on calls and they've gone, "What is the best hook rate I need to have in my account?" And the answer is there isn't an answer. If your account averagely gets 25% hook rate, then if you get 30%, well, it's a winning hook rate, isn't it? But if you have a really strong hook rate and a terrible CPA, then it really doesn't matter cuz your ad isn't making any money. In my opinion, the number one metric you need to be looking at is that CPA because if you aren't acquiring customers at an affordable rate then you are failing. And of course an affordable rate is whatever your LTV is. That's what makes subscription brands completely different to one-time acquisition brands. Another metric is CTR, your click-through rate. At the end of the day your creative exists for one purpose, to get people to click away from Meta. And so if you have a low click-through rate then your ad ain't doing anything right cuz you can't even get them off the platform. So how do you expect them to purchase? Your CPM is another great metric cuz that's telling us how much it's costing us to actually reach people. If your CPA is really high then you're probably spending a lot of money to reach the wrong customer. Hook rates and hold rates are very, very useful but they're soft metrics. They don't really tell us much about the, you know, the performance and the cost. It's just telling us how good this hook is or how good the video edit is. That's why there's no point using a hook rate or a hold rate as your key performance metric because really it's just telling you how good your ad is at holding or gaining attention. If those people aren't converting then it's a bad ad. If you've got all the previous steps sorted there might be one that you're missing and that is that you're pulling from the same pool of ideas that everyone else is. You might have every single other thing nailed that we mentioned in this video but you're probably falling victim to one that I see so many people and that is that we're all pulling ideas from the same pool. Because most brands are using ad libraries as their main source of inspiration. They scroll through whatever the competitor is running and go, "Oh, that sounds like it's a good idea." And don't get me wrong, competitor research can be really useful but the trap that you fall into here is that if you build your entire strategy around it then you're doing the same as everyone else. You're always running on second-hand ideas. You're reacting to what existed six months, three months ago instead of what your customer is focusing on now. And most importantly if you're looking at your competitors then your competitors are also looking at those competitors. So you end up falling into a trap of every niche's ads looking the same. Think about print campaigns from like 30 years ago. People reacted to them because they never seen anything like it before. Those first TV commercials 60-odd years ago were groundbreaking because they were doing things that people had never seen with their eyes before. That is what you need to do with your ad creative. In most accounts that I work on, the ads that surprise us the most are the ones where inspiration came from elsewhere, not an ad library. My creative strategies are often watching films, watching TV shows, reading books, and gaining inspiration from. Because stepping outside of the norm that everyone else is looking is where the new ideas come from. In fact, take this VSL that we made for Leaf Shave. >> Plastic razors are full of nasties. What would be left if we removed all the undesirable chemicals and plastics from your razor? Do you know what can be found in lubrication strips? BHT, a documented hormone disruptor, PEGs, petroleum stabilizers, even a matrix of plastic that dissolves, by design, onto your skin. Gone. Now, let's remove all of the disposable plastic around the refills. >> If you watch it and you listen to it, you'll realize it kind of flows like a documentary. And that's exactly what we were going for because VSLs are essentially like mini product documentaries. And so, when we create them, that's where we look for inspiration. We don't look at the ad libraries that are running a ton of them because they all look the same. So, when you bring everything together, you quickly realize that volume isn't the answer here. You can create as many ads as you want, but if they aren't diverse enough, then you're not going to get anywhere. The perfect mix is creative diversity and creative volume, a load of very diverse ads. When you address all those things properly and you look for data in the right places, you look for inspiration in the correct channels, then you will see everything fall into place. And of course, if you happen to be you a brand that's spending over 70,000, then we would love to help you. You can scan the QR code on the screen if you're interested in working with me and my agency and I'd love to have a conversation with you. Our clients see an average of 30% lower CPA when we start working with them. So that's stats that you can't ignore. There's also a link in the description as well if you want to apply to work with us. And before you go, if you want to understand exactly why your ads aren't performing right now, then I made a video with five mistakes that you are probably committing right now in your ad account. Check that one out and while you're down there, hit the subscribe button and also click the like and leave a comment with any questions. I will see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @khadijaeltahawy5813 [3 likes]: man are you hiring junior performance-based marketers?
  2. @foundr_IMpactos [2 likes]: I’ve spent way too much time in the variation trap, and seeing that similarity score concept explained makes so much sense as to why accounts just hit a wall. 😂The point about using creative as a targeting signal is a serious wake-up call. If every ad looks like a UGC selfie, you’re basically telling Meta to only show your product to people who like UGC selfies. That Nathan and Suns ancient teeth example was a killer way to show how actual research (and Reddit diving) beats just copying what’s in the Ad Library. Most people are just reacting to what worked 6 months ago, but building a system around mini product documentaries or founder-led trust pieces is how you actually scale long-term. This is gold Fraser, not gonna lie
  3. @viiiiideo [2 likes]: Great info on testing vs scaling campaigns.
Would you say Top/Middle/Bottom funnel sections and their creatives should also go as their own separate campaigns?
  4. @Maverick-3D [1 likes]: Fraser rocked subscribers shocked. 

I am so much anxiously waiting for your course in June / July
  5. @zynko08 [1 likes]: good information
  6. @leon-buller [1 likes]: Hey Fraser! Every video is a HIT 🔥 Really appreciate your advice and free value. You’re my go-to guy when it comes to creative strategy 🙏

Can you share which ads should I make as a new brand with a low budget? I’ll be focusing more on problem unaware and solution aware.

I thought about testing mini VSLs, educational, UGC, AI slop, founder ads, us vs them statics, headline statics, and benefits statics. 

Is that the right direction or would you change/add something to it?

Thanks in advance 🙏
  7. @anuraglfc4lyf [1 likes]: great vsl tbh....
  8. @footballkaran5406: insane
  9. @vitorriseriomkt: Excellent content. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  10. @NRycka: Maybe I'm wrong, but I feel like this video is still an assumption about judging an ad as a solo instead of an ecosystem of ads. What I mean by that is that, not all ads are meant to convert. Some are meant to educate, other to gain authority or trust and some to clearly convert warmer people.
  11. @yusufbekkaramatov9810: great vid

- give me 3 minutes & i'll make your meta ads profitable after the andromeda update.: Kind: captions Language: en It's getting tough out there in the e-commerce space and if you're struggling, you're not alone. There are a lot of brands right now that are really battling in terms of rorowass um especially with the Andromeda update. But in today's video, I really want to simplify things for you guys and show you how you can set yourself up to protect yourselves on the down days and maximize your upside potential when there's a lot of demand in the market. Okay, if you haven't already, guys, if you want help with your ads, there's a link below. Book in with me before Black Friday. Let's talk your ad account. I'm also taking on some new clients for media buying. But for now, let's get into the video. So, the first thing I want to say is this. I don't actually think much has changed since the Andromeda update. In fact, all I think Andromeda is is forcing us to focus more on creatives, which we have done for a long time. But what I do want to do is show you guys a very simple setup and explain why it works for us and why it should work for you as well. Now, what I'm going to show you are three campaigns that we've got set up. Okay? Okay, so an Australian cost cap US um and then some scaling campaigns which are irrelevant for now and a UK one. Okay, so in a nutshell guys just to break it down really simply all we're running right now is one CBO per country. Okay, now there's two options when you're running Facebook ads. You've got highest volume, which is where you're giving Facebook a budget. So that might be $1,000 a day. And let me show you here. Actually, I've got a I've got a campaign here. So, this isn't a CBO, highest volume campaign, and we've got a few ads in it. All right. Now, this we've got on a low budget, but it's actually working pretty good. Okay. And then the other option that you've got is what's called cost controls. Now, cost controls is basically where you're telling Facebook, and now I'm talking about cost caps here. It's where you're saying to Facebook, here's a number that I want you to hit over a 7-day average. Get it as close as possible to your cost cap. Bid caps is where you're setting a bid in the auction and it's a lot more restrictive than a cost cap because you're bidding. Okay? And and if someone outbids you by 1 cent, you're out of the auction. Okay? So, it can be more profitable, but I've found that we're getting less volume using bid caps. Now, I can even show you here like you can see varying different sale metrics, right? So, some days we've scaled harder, some days we haven't. But what I want you guys to understand is that it's not actually me physically scaling the account on those days, okay? I'm using what's called an inflated bid cap strategy or cost cut. If you look here, my budget is actually at a million dollars a day. Okay, that's because I've set my cap and I'm giving Meta the flexibility to be able to scale up or down for me dependent on the day. Okay, so that's basically content in a nutshell and structure. Now, I promise you guys after doing this for 13 years and after selling over $und00 million worth of products, you need to stress less about campaign structure. Just use what we're using, CBO. Launch ads in a new ad set. Focus on your creative. Okay, I think we're going to get through this storm. Obviously, it's pre- BlackB Black Friday, so there's a lot of up and down performance, but I just wanted to give you guys an update as to what we're doing, how we're managing it, and how we're protecting profits. Okay, guys. God bless you all, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RipDon7 [2 likes]: Working:
The only things working currently are Cost Caps and ROAS Caps. (Bid caps have been dead for us this month).

Testing:
Single winner ad creatives in separate ABO Adsets at 3-5x CPA budget to see what still works. Going through all the past winners with high spend+results to see what still works before tackling new creative production.

Must Use:
The main difference now for all ads is using the ADV+ broad along with persona angles for text/descriptions optimized for andromeda update.
  2. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  3. @fritgefx1112: Is this also for product testing?
  4. @hakim69420: My cost cap isnt spending money. What do i do
  5. @scottha4935: hey Manny, great to find you here as I came across some articles about you and your brands a couple of years ago. Thanks for the tips and I will give it a shot. Honestly this is what I used to do before ASC was launched but then ASC overtook it then I completely forgot about Cost Cap. But hopefully it works now because our CPA is double of what it was this time last year. And it looks really concerning as we are holding a lot of stock for the season
  6. @film_3alsaree: after reading The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan i started noticing how ppl who really got wealth don’t even show it like their names not on anything but they control everything it’s scary and genius at the same time
  7. @thodkatsou: On a quiet island in the Caribbean, I met a man who called himself a “risk architect.” He said his job was to erase connections– between wealth and identity. He told me, “Everyone chases control– but real power is in detachment. The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan explains it better than any consultant I’ve met.” After I read it, I realized he was right. The book teaches subtraction– less exposure, less emotion, less trace. It’s the art of being rich without existing.
  8. @samantinadesilien4920: a friend sent me The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan after a convo about why ppl with real money never flex he was like “this will explain it” and yeah he was right after reading it i understood why the richest ppl i’ve met act broke they dont play for attention they play for distance
  9. @GAMEHUB2-z1f: Loud-money fades. Quiet-power lasts– The Silent Laws of Cash Power explains why.
  10. @SAMUELIX_official: A private meeting in Panama City: seven people, no phones, no names. They managed invisible empires—trusts, shells, private funds. One man said, “After Solan, you stop being an operator. You become architecture.” I found the book. It didn’t teach income—it showed why the system needs you visible to own you. The real game isn’t earning– it’s detaching. They weren’t hiding from the system; they were building new ones beneath it.
  11. @worldwide-mad: During a fintech event in Tallinn, a speaker mentioned a book that “the old money crowd treats like contraband.” Afterward, I asked which one. He smiled and said, “The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan.” He told me, “If you understand that book, you’ll stop building businesses and start building systems.” He was right. It showed me that wealth isn’t the game– it’s the scoreboard. The real game happens in silence– through placement, control, and invisible ownership.
  12. @GDELECTRICAL: At a private dinner in Singapore, surrounded by fund managers and ex-bankers, a man asked the table, “Who here’s actually read Cameron Solan?” Everyone went silent. Then one of them nodded slowly and said, “That book– The Silent Laws of Cash Power– changes how you breathe around money.” After reading it, I understood why. The book doesn’t sell dreams– it dismantles illusions. It showed me that wealth isn’t loud or emotional– it’s a system of controlled distance. The kind of distance that buys freedom.
  13. @Saraikivlogger079: A client told me, “I used to earn six figures and feel broke. After reading The Silent Laws of Cash Power by Cameron Solan– I realized I was just too visible.” That hit different.
  14. @mukulfauzdar1167: Awesome
  15. @sebastianc09: how come you don't have a catalog campaign?
  16. @louissteve5260: Ive always used the sandbox abo testing method.

Do i need a new ad account to switch to a cbo, or doesnt it matter in your opinion? Cbos havent seen to work in this ad account (yet)
  17. @helitonribeiro3252: Thanks Mnay, awesome video!!
  18. @Martin-zq4fq: left my costcap on for more then a week and it overspend on the cap. cap was set at 30-35 and it spend a costcap of 45$...
  19. @OscarrLynch: Thanks Manny, awesome video! When testing new creatives, do you just add them to your cost cap CBO with high performing creatives or do you test in seperate cost cap CBO?

- how to test facebook ads post andromeda update: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, it's Mark here. In this video, I'm going to show you how to test Facebook Ads post Andromeda update. First, I'll be walking you through my personal Facebook Ads testing structure. Second, I'm going to show you how to actually set up this exact structure within your ad account. And third, I'm going to tell you why this structure works so freaking well. So, the Andromeda update basically flipped my entire creative strategy on its head because pre-Andromeda, I was very heavy on testing a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] load of variations. So, when you're testing ads, you can kind of put them into two categories. You can put them into a lot more, but generally the way that I think about it is you have your variations and you have your new concept. So, if you can't tell by the name, variations are very small changes to existing winning ads. New concepts are basically completely unique creative material that you're bringing into your ad account. So, like I said, it flipped it on its head. What I used to do was the majority of the ads that I was launching, roughly about like 80% I would say, was actually variations because once you find a winner, you can just create winner after winner after winner after winner and skyrocket your win rate because you're just making these tiny changes to your ads. And of course, new concepts would have been the other 20%. But now, this has basically been completely flipped to the point where my creatives are 80% new concepts and 20% variations. And when I'm testing new ads from like a brand new product, let's say, I am pushing much harder on testing new concepts instead of one concept with a bunch of variations. So first, let's talk about the structure. To launch new ads, I recommend typically using a CBO. CBO stands for campaign budget optimization and sounds like a big fancy word. All it means is that you set the budget at the campaign level instead of ad set level and Facebook will determine how to spend your campaign budget across the various ad set. Now, I'm going to come back to the actual budget and how you want to calculate how much you should spend. But inside of your CBO, you're going to have multiple ad sets. The number ultimately is up to you, but if you're launching something new, I recommend at least two or three ad sets in here. So again, back to a CBO, if I set the budget at a $100, it doesn't mean that it's going to perfectly spend $33 here, $33 here, and $33 here. No, of course not. It could quite literally spend $99 in this one ad set and 50 cents here and 50 cents here. Unlikely to happen, but a lot of times one ad set does cannibalize things, but that's actually okay. This entire philosophy of how I structure my ad testing centers around letting Facebook do the majority of the heavy lifting for you. So, inside each of these ad sets, the ad set level is typically where you set your targeting. So, who are you really going after? And what I do inside of these ad sets is I keep them completely broad, which means Advantage Plus placements. Typically, I'm running in terms of ages 18 to 65 plus and I'm running male and female. Of course, if you're only selling to one demographic, then select the one that's most relevant to you. But if you're selling to both, keep it broad. Now, at this point, you may be wondering, "Mark, why do you have three ad sets if they're all going to be identical? They're all broad, they're all Advantage Plus, and they're all 18-65 plus. Everything is broad. Why do you have three of them?" Well, the reason I have three is because they're not actually identical. You see, inside each of these ad sets, if this is ad set one, this is ad set two and this is ad set three, I'm actually going to have three different creatives in each of these three ad sets. Again, I'm just using three. If you want to have more ads per ad set, you can. But here's the point that I'm trying to make. You want to segment these ad sets by ad concept. So, let's say ad set one is ad concept one, ad set two is ad concept two, and ad set three is ad concept three. And then inside, let's say you have three creatives each, which these three would actually be variations of that one concept, okay? I'll explain kind of what I mean, but this would be a total of, if we count the actual ads, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 total ads for this ad launch. But these three ads are going to be variations of this one new concept. So, the reason why I said you can have as many ad sets as you want in here is cuz you could have five ad sets in here, but only one ad per ad set and each one is a new concept. I think the sweet spot is not one. I think it's like anywhere from three to 10, but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I have ad sets running that have 20 plus ads in there. So, you know, 30 plus ads, 50 plus ads, some of them. There isn't a rule here, okay? I'll tell you what I recommend is anywhere from three to five ad sets, which means three to five concepts, completely unique concepts, and anywhere from two to five variations in each of those ad set. And by the way, this is mostly relevant to images and videos. I typically do my testing with images cuz you can typically just do it faster. But if you want to test with images and videos, you can. I would recommend segmenting them in the ad set or even in a completely different CBO because typically what I see is if you throw a bunch of images and videos in the same ad set, one of them will cannibalize everything else. Like all the videos will get spent and the images will get no spend, which of course you don't want cuz you still want to make sure you test those images, right? So, I'll do a separate CBO if you're going to combine images and videos. For me, I just keep it simple. Just pick one, only videos or only images, and run with that. Now, let's talk about the budget. How do you calculate the budget for a CBO? Well, I have a golden rule that I would have at least $10 allocated out of my total budget per ad in the CBO. So like I said, how many ads do we have in the CBO right now? Well, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. If we take nine and multiply it by $10, that is a total of $90 a day, a day, yes, that you want to run this CBO ad. So, you take the number of ads across all of the ad sets total, multiply that by 10, and that is going to be the minimum daily budget that you run with. The one exception to this rule is I would never recommend that you run a CBO at less than $50 a day. I don't care what your budget is. If you don't have enough cash set aside to run a $50 a day CBO, you should not be running paid ads. It's my personal opinion. If you don't like it, I do not care. So now that we've gone over the structure, let's actually build this inside of the ad account. So, I've got almost a brand new ad account here. What we're going to do is go select create new campaign. We're going to hit sales and hit continue. I'm not going to go over naming conventions in this particular video, but name it something that makes sense for you at the campaign, ad set, and ad level. Here, we're going to set the campaign budget. Let's use our example to $90 a day and make sure that you have campaign budget selected. Everything else here, we're not going to touch. We're going to keep it exactly as is and move on to the ad set level. Here we are at the ad set level. We're going to have website conversion location. Performance goal is going to be max conversions. Data set is going to be the pixel that you're currently running your traffic to. Conversion event, we are going to be optimizing for purchases. I almost exclusively optimize for purchases and almost exclusively run sales campaigns because anything else is mostly mostly, with very rare exceptions, a complete waste of your time and money. Now, we're going to keep scrolling down. Under the attribution window, I typically do 7-day click and 1-day view and I keep the view through completely turned off. You can do testing on this once you get a little bit more advanced, but initially this is a super standard setup, 7-day click 1-day view. Now, onto the budget and schedule. I always schedule my ads for the next day at 6:00 a.m. EST. This account is actually in PSD, but imagine it was in EST. I typically run my ads right around that time to start getting active. Next, what we're going to do is edit the location. So, I do the majority of my testing in the United States. We're just going to search United States here, select it, and remove Singapore, which is there for some reason, and continue to scroll down. Minimum age, you can keep. Languages, I typically keep broad as well in the US because it's an English majority speaking country, at least that's what my customers are going to be buying in. And then finally down here, as I said, we keep it broad. We're going to have the Advantage Plus placements on. So, there is nothing for you to edit within here. You can keep it completely broad, don't touch anything. All right, now we are at the ad level. Once again, apply your naming conventions here. Keep it nice and neat and organized. You're going to have create ad selected, single image or video. You can keep multi-advertiser ad selected. Now, let me tell you this one time. I'm going to upload an ad here just as an example and I'm going to show you how much nonsense Facebook tries to push on you with their updates. I am utterly amazed because I still spend time in my ad accounts every single day, but I'm amazed at how many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] settings, and that's me putting it very lightly, there are for Facebook to try to take your money. Majority of them are a complete waste of time and money. So, just follow what I do here. This is basically the only setting that it's actually okay to keep it on. And even then, I haven't split tested extensively, but keeping it on personally doesn't hurt. Under destination, you're going to put the website URL that you're driving traffic to. Make sure that this matches the ad the uh if you put your URL in the ad copy as well, make sure that it matches one to one. And also make sure you deselect optimize website destination because if that's on, it will send to traffic outside of that direct domain, which we don't want. Display link, you can keep empty. Browser add-ons, you can keep at none. You don't want to have any add-ons. Now, let's actually upload the creative. Let's say we're running image ads in this case, we go ahead and select image ad. So, as we're going through the creative setup, again, make sure that just about every setting here is turned off. If you want to split test it later down the line, you can. But for me personally, I keep everything off here. So, promo codes is unchecked, branding off, site links off, products off. We're going to hit next and actually upload the creative. And just like that, we got our phenomenal creative there. If you want to take a look, boom, beautiful 10x row ads coming very soon. Now, I don't adjust any of the aspect ratios here. We're going to hit next. Now, you're going to fill in your copy, primary text, the headline, and the description is all there and it's a fantastic message, run more ads. Going to hit next. Image generation, deselect all. It won't even let me deselect it. Now, under enhancements, you want to make sure all of these are turned off. And be careful cuz there's a lot of them. So, you got to scroll down. For example, overlays, turn off, visual touch-ups, music, text improvements, all turned off, animation off as well. All right, there we go. There's our lovely beautiful ad. Let's keep cooking. Keep scrolling down. Call to action, I usually have learn more. I actually have seen a slight lift in learn more versus shop now, but I think most of the time it's pretty trivial. So, depends also what kind of ad you're running. So, I keep it a learn more. If you are going I set this up for one ad, I'll just duplicate it, you know, two times, and I'll go in and edit the creative to change it to a different variation. And after that is created, I'll duplicate this ad set two times, so I have three ad sets in here. The CBO budget is currently set to $90 a day, three ad sets, three concepts, three ads per concept, for a total of nine total ads, as you can see here. And they're all going to be beginning to run tomorrow directly at 6:00 a.m. Eastern. I actually made a separate video to this that is unlisted on my YouTube channel right now, where there's so many questions that come up after you launch the ads. It's like, how do I know when to kill an ad? How do I know when to scale an ad? What if an ad doesn't get spend? I briefly covered that, but it's a little bit more nuanced. What about testing landers? Do you ever use ABOs? There's like a million questions that occur once you click publish ads, and you actually start getting data. So, I put together a separate video. If you want to get access to that, just go to my Instagram, it's at markbuildsbrands, and DM me the word law, like l a w, because these are laws of scaling. Now, the last thing I want to touch on here is why does this strategy actually work? Well, we have seen, or at least I have seen over the years, Facebook push many, many updates to the point where I remember in 2019, they said that CBOs were going to be mandatory, and they were going to just delete ABOs off the face of the earth. So, every time that Facebook will launch an update, you have to kind of take with a grain of salt, and most importantly, trust the data. So, for me, I have a lot of freaking data. Not only do I have my own ad accounts that I run, I have friends' ad accounts that I'm looking at, but I also have all of our students inside of BBA, where we are instructing them the best testing structure. Which So, we've been doing a lot of testing internally to find out what that best structure is, and this is what we found works really, really well. So, the number one reason why it works is just straight data. You know, there's a lot of people that will say, "Oh, this is like not optimal, or you should do, you know, straight up ASC campaign." Look, to be honest, I really don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I care about data over anything. A lot of times, Facebook says, "This is how the Facebook machine operates." And all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't care. I listen to what the data says, and I am willing to test just about anything in pursuing the right kind of data. But more importantly than that, the real reason why it works is because of what I was mentioning earlier, where, you know, I have shifted much more of my ads to being more unique, more creative diversity, and increasing my ratio of variations to new concepts. But I don't necessarily want you to think about it in terms of like ratios, like 80/20. I think the right way to actually think about how you approach your testing is you basically just change the order in which you're testing variations and new concepts. So, again, like I said earlier, the way that I used to do testing is let's say one concept, like one new concept, and then variation, variation, variation, variation. Just like this, right? And the only difference now is that instead of just testing with one new concept, I'm testing with many. I showed you in this video an example of three, but typically I'm testing with even more than that. Sometimes as many as 10 new concepts for a single product test. So, if I were to visualize it, it's more like this. Like if this were kind of the the five ad sets that I'm running, it's new concepts, and then all the variations in here, right? So, yes, I'm actually testing more ads typically when I'm launching, and that's not a hard rule. The point is, if it hasn't been made abundantly clear by this point, is that you need to prioritize more creative diversity and new concepts in your testing, and less variation testing. Because one is clearly going to move the needle way more than the other. And I know, like the number one objection here, especially when you run CBOs, is, "Well, what if like this ad set gets no spend?" Or like, "What if this ad or these few ads get no spend or being cannibalized by the other?" Well, good. You don't necessarily need to test every single individual ad at the same level of ad spend across, you know, every single ad concept that you're running. Sometimes, sometimes, if Facebook doesn't spend on that particular creative at all, or very, very little, then it means that that creative wasn't that that good to begin with in the first place. So, that's not a hard rule. Sometimes, Facebook is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll be the first [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] one to admit sometimes Facebook will not spend on a creative, even though it has a like the lowest cost per conversion. So, it's a tough balance. You know, all I can say is that this is supported by data, and I can say one thing for 100% sure in my heart of hearts, which is that you need to be prioritizing creative diversity post-Andromeda. This variation spamming game is just not nearly as effective as it was previously. I kind of alluded to it earlier, but this strategy is exactly what we teach inside of Brand Builds Academy. So, if you're interested in like having somebody actually like help you out, you know, set this up, and more importantly, like the feedback loop that comes after it, you can always click the first link in the description and fill out an application. We'll see if you're a good fit. Other than that, guys, thank you so much for watching. I'll see you legends in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @morganbills2749 [44 likes]: why the hell did a shirtless man just explain ads better in 15 mins than any other creators who do ads for a living?
  2. @ShibaHamamatsucho [14 likes]: Thanks jacked Magnus Carlsen
  3. @markbuildsbrands [6 likes]: Apply for my mentorship Brand Builders Academy: https://www.ecommercescalingsecrets.com/application-mark-yt?sl=markytfbtesting
  4. @lautaropajares1670 [2 likes]: 5:29 There must be a way to run ads with fewer than 50 per day
  5. @mohamedennaciri1822 [1 likes]: Is CBO + Broad Targeting really working?

Yes — but with conditions ⚠

✔ It works if you have:

Strong creatives

A decent landing page

A properly working pixel

❌ It doesn’t work if:

You’re a beginner

The product is weak

The page is poor

He’s speaking from a position of:

“I already have data + high ad spend”

Which means it’s not the same reality as someone starting with a small budget.
  6. @LucasMendes25 [1 likes]: can you explain how do you scale?
  7. @JulioMartinezPerformance [1 likes]: I dont understand how this channel doesn't get more views. This is gold. Keep it up man!
  8. @rayanfr5784 [1 likes]: what about scaling strategy?
  9. @ganesh-td6jr [1 likes]: what are concepts ??
  10. @raydennguyen3699: mad sauce bro
  11. @jayfuturmedia: Great video, a little confused, are you duplicating the actual CAMPAIGN 3 times? Or just the AD SETS? Thanks
  12. @succmaduck3046: Thank you Jacked Magnus Carlsen
  13. @rodolphobravo298: If one ad inside the ad set starts to cannibalize all the others, should I pause it for a few days to try to force Meta to spend and test the others?
  14. @gestionapeiron8370: do you still have a seperate scaling campaign seperated from your creative testing campaign?
  15. @DuwayneFraser: when testing creative would you exclude previous purchasers>?
  16. @mohamedennaciri1822: “Sometimes Facebook is shit”

Meaning:

CBO can kill an idea that could have been profitable

Especially with small budgets

Because Facebook may push the budget too fast to the wrong ad set or creative, before the idea even gets a fair test.
  17. @zerzelcontact: So using products catalog is not recommended?
  18. @mirellienbijoux: how much money you need at least to launch fully working ads
  19. @ethankernos: Do you still need to warm up your pixel before testing?
  20. @pietrorcc22: Great. Can you make a new video: how to scale ads post andromeda update

- How Andromeda Ads Are Breaking Market Limits | Real Strategies That Scale: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda's this update has allowed a lot of businesses to be able to expand far beyond what they thought using more traditional means. That's for sure. No market is limitless. However, this is as far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your brand message to a wider audience and expand your personal TAM for your brand unlike anything else that I've ever seen of this platform. >> [music] >> If I recall, the only ads that you were using in this ad account were just UGC. They were just like images of dogs. Correct me if I'm wrong. Right. >> Yeah. And I actually had a conversation and you're you're all going to actually just hop into my uh to my email. Um and here we're we're just going to take a we're going to take a a trip together in my email campaign. So this honestly this is they're in my email. This was in October 6th, >> right? >> So, this is 4 days ago. >> And that's what we're saying is here's here's my explanation of it. And you're not going to be able to see this, but I'm just going to kind of read it off to myself for for memory. >> Yeah. >> I said John's email by the way or reading John's email. >> Reading my email inbox. I'm like, an interesting phenomena that creative types. I do think UGC is the best type for us with volume. People love seeing happy dogs. That's very, very common. Like, no one hates to see a dog that was sick coming back to life. Everyone unanimously loves that. people very much get confirmation of their decision and are also introduced to us with the same UGC ad. But I do >> I would hide your email by the way unless you want to get del used with spam. >> It's too late. >> If you if you I was say if you all click on that Jon is so late that thing's dead and gone for like the last 6 months now. But yeah so so here's what's funny is I'm like an interesting phenomenon. Uh I do think UGC is the best type. People very much get confirmation of the decision and are also introduced to us with the same UGC ad. I do see better performance of our non UGC ads. They've been consistently $50 to $100 cheaper with ENAC. Now, CPM platform ENCAC. >> Encrypt, no pun intended, this to us introducing the product behind the story. People love dogs. They love dogs coming back from illness and love happy endings. Those are great ads, but I do think we tell the other side of the story, product highlight ads. So, what we're seeing in the data flow is, hey, this dog was sick and now they're brought back to life. The people that didn't click it don't know why that dog is really happy. So we said, "Hey, remember that ad that you saw and you've been seeing a few of them because we have like 25 UGC's running at once. Like this is the product that did it and why?" And all of a sudden people like, "Oh, okay. Bye." Or at least the added carts 10x. So while it works for us, capture their attention with happy healthy puppies, then introduce the product afterwards. That seems to flow well. I could double the ad spend without hurting myself. That was a real That was a question I had on another client call this week. They said, "Well, wait a second. Are you guys making ads in this new Andromeda thing without any calls to action? Like everything is a website conversion ad technically and it's all going to have either learn more, shop now, buy now, whatever it is. But in top of funnel ads, like you're not really pushing for conversion or or are you like what's the methodology there, especially when it comes to, you know, the the visual itself as well as the ad copy that's in the ad. >> Yeah. The story does most of the ad copy. Um >> Okay. So unfortunately might not be able to obviously I can't even see this >> but it'll say like 30 days ago I went to a cancer specialist. So it's a story about the dog. >> It's the story. Okay. >> And then the call to action is learn more. This restored my dog's health. So it's almost like an advertorial. >> So it's not it's not really like there's no link in the copy that no call to action in the copy. The copy is just reinforcing sort of the story that they're seeing visually through the UGC. >> Yeah. Like we do have like heavy experience. >> Oh, you do have it. Okay. >> Yeah. We have this thing gets no clicks. [laughter] Okay, >> this this gets all the clicks to learn more, but it is something where it's like this dog was sick and now they're back to health and it's like cool. If you have a sick dog, you're capturing attention. You may not click, but you're capturing attention, especially if it's around the same illness. So, it's every single I mean, you were in this space like, you know, many many moons ago. It's a healthcare. It's like, do you wake up tired? You're like, oh my god, yes, I do. >> It's like introducing sleep. You're like, wow, wow. >> Yeah. Here's the pain point. Unfortunately, the pain point, we address it by telling success stories that had similar pain points in the past than you may have right now. And that's how we're that's how we're connecting with our market, but we're doing it with with, you know, dog stories that are coming back to life. They're coming back to health. So, what does everyone love? A happy, healthy dog. What does everybody not love? You want to buy immunity pills for your dog? Not really. >> But I will if you connect those dots for me. Thank you, Andromeda. >> For sure. You want the afterate. You don't necessarily want the feature, you know, you don't want the product itself. you just want the after state. So that's really what you're talking about here. >> Way back when there was a strategy that we deployed this like three, four years ago before obviously Andromeda and all the stuff that's going on right now is a video view to conversion campaign which was like all right get your ideal audience just get them to view a video and then retarget those video views 3 seconds 15 seconds 50% whatever it happens to be to conversion campaigns. It never really worked. Mhm. >> Because [clears throat] it was always like the objective was wrong because they were viewing the video but they had no intent. And even back three, four years ago when Meta was not what it is today with the Andromeda update, >> it it still had very separate types of uh you know individuals within an interest grouping. In this case, obviously we're now using open targeting, but it's like you're still using website conversion campaigns. you're showing them an ad similar to how we used to do it with those video view campaigns to conversion campaigns which never really worked. I I don't really know why, but it really was because Meta had identified, oh, these are video watchers, but they're not necessarily converters. >> In 2017, 2018, that's when it really started to hit where it's like, I want link clicks, and you're like, you're getting all the clicks. Like, did I get a sale? Like, uh, then that's you got all the clicks. Exactly. >> You get all the clickers. >> You [laughter] know, but in this, it's advantage plus sales. And it's like sale like like that is the objective. So even if they're not clicking, there's still potential >> for them to convert because >> Meta has data on all of us. They all know they know our proclivity to watch, click, purchase on the platform itself and they understand all that sort of behind it. So that old strategy or like the clicks first like remember way back when when meta first start well Facebook came out with ads in the newsfeed it was you do clicks campaigns and then you do conversion campaign warm them up get them familiar and then try to convert them. Yeah. >> We were trying to do all of this >> to like expand the market. >> Yeah. It's like an old school feeder strate basically. It was a feeder strategy. >> We're not doing anything different here. We're just rolling through the same thing for the last 30 years just with different mediums. Yeah, but there's a sales intent with these audiences that you're even if you're going open targeting like you're doing here, I assume there's there's no targeting. There's just geography, correct? >> Yeah. Yeah. There's no targeting inclusion exclusions. We began months ago. [laughter] >> No targeting. That's crazy. [snorts] >> Who was I talking to this past week actually? A woman who's in our space. I was like, "How much targeting are you using?" Well, she does regional campaigns. She's like, "That's the only targeting I'm doing. Like if I'm trying to fill up, you know, uh, you know, a concert in Denver, I'm just doing like, you know, the Colorado market. That's all that's all my targeting. >> Here's here's what's fun, too, is uh, and I I don't want anybody to think like this is like, yeah, right, BS. That kind of stuff. If we look at this one campaign that we've doubled, 93%, you know, 71% more new customers last 14 days. If I go into edit this ad set, >> I'm still I can still suggest an audience. My suggestion was like, hey, let's take out the 18 to 24 year olds because if it helps, that's great. Maybe not a lot of 18-year-old kids or have dogs who are looking about their immunity. Other than that, I'm like, that's so for sure. I would say I would rather not. If I get it, fine. I still do get 18 to 24. It happens all the time. It's still 15% of my traffic. Would it have been 30? Maybe, but it is trying to snuff it. That's as far as we've taken our targeting. [laughter] >> Please know if you can. Thank you. >> That's interesting. I mean, >> I think even if you did have just 18 to 65, what is it? 64 plus 65 plus like Meta would figure it out eventually. >> We've got probably would have gotten clicks, maybe gotten a few sales, maybe they're more expensive and then it would have just been like as soon as the cost cap on their gone anyway, >> So, right. And I think that's the that's a really interesting part about this whole thing is that like your creative does the targeting. Like that's that's it. That's the reason why if you launch multiple campaigns, there's a massive amount of overlap if you have the same ad. It just makes it it's the creative doing the targeting, not you. It's actually AI interpreting your ad and then going finding its own audience on its own. But I have different campaigns. Does the AI care? No. Does the creative care? No. But my adset is spending. Does the AI care? No. Does the ad care? No. Like that's the thing too is like we can ask it to try to avoid stuff. It wasn't going to be a pass or fail dependent upon it. Like it would be where people are like, "Well, I'm excluding all of my existing customers." Like, that's the wish list. [laughter] >> They're saying, "Thank you very much for showing us who to show it to. >> I know that was that was your your that was on your Christmas list this year, but let me tell you something about Santa Claus. [laughter] It's a little >> She may not [laughter] all you kids just >> That's why I was like, you know what? Hey, [laughter] >> that's why I was like, you know, let me tell you, >> close your ears. We don't want it to want any kids watching the show. Anyway, uh 25 plus I think is our audience here on the uh >> that was the only suggestion that we had which again it's a suggestion. It's not a law. It's not a rule. It's not an inclusion. It's not an exclusion. It's a suggestion like that tells you how much your targeting is taken seriously. It says, "Oh, thanks. We'll take it in consideration if you're right. Have you ever seen a strategy like this or a methodology like this expand marketplace?" like you're in the, you know, for this one, this example that we've used dozens and dozens of times here on the ad lab is in the dog space. I mean, it's like dog owners >> come in and out because obviously there's dogs are going to be sick and then they're going to get well and then there's there's like this constant infusion into the market and a rotation in the market, >> but have you ever seen anything like this expand a market? Because like a couple clients, like the client we were just on on a call with, he's like, I feel like we've sort of tapped out our market right now. They're in the dating niche. It's like you will never tap out that market really. And this allows >> Yeah. I mean at at a certain point like you do you're not scaling you're not spending a million dollars a day in this market but I mean I know in some other markets you're you know doing hundreds of thousands of dollars a day. So where is that like if if somebody feels like they have tapped out their market is Andromeda the solution or is it solution with you know uh a disclaimer there? >> Yeah. We we have that one client that spends a quarter million dollars a day. >> We've we've kind of tapped out. Um a lot of people that I've talked to have heard about the brand. Now have they bought it? Have they tried it? No. They've heard about it. >> Okay. >> So at that point in time it's well maybe we didn't hit the right painoint hook and offer. So if you are like, yeah, it's like, hey, have you heard of, you know, Mountain Dew? You're like, I've heard of it. Like, have you tried Mountain Dew? No. Well, you're still my targeting then. I just haven't convinced you yet. >> Right? >> So my question is is have they tapped out everybody that's looking to date and are on Facebook as an example? The answer might be yes. They have 100 million impressions and there's approximately maybe 100 million people that could date. Maybe some of them are married, but they still want to date. There's 100 million people. Okay, cool. Now, have you gotten 100? Have you gotten a click from everyone? No, >> there's still work to be done technically. I mean, you're not talking about exponential growth after that, but 5% of 100 million is still a big leap up. So, that's my question. I guess I would say is unless you say, "Hey, we've tapped on our market because we've done every ad possible, every hook, every painoint, you know, every offer, every product development. We've even increased our our our effectiveness of our products service 20x this last two years." And still no one cares. Okay. Once you can prove that then yes. I don't think that that's happened yet because otherwise e-harmony would still be like I can't get to spend. >> Yeah. Right. But there is probably a top level of spend that you can spend there. What whatever it is >> plateau. Yeah. You're going to plateau but you could still but once you reach that level a small blip up could still be $5 million net profit that year. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So it's like I I do think I mean you're answering the question but which is no market is you know um limitless. However this is as far as I have seen one of the best ways and one of the best methodologies to expand the market and to deliver your expand your personal TAM for your brand. >> Yep. in this platform, you know. Um, and it certainly seems like that is the case. I mean, obviously every market has its limits, but in the dating market, they're spending $100,000 a month. >> It's like I know for a fact you could probably spend 5 10x that is my guess in their specific niche, but you have to obviously do the research. But far beyond they what they thought using more traditional means. That's for sure. >> I haven't tapped out of market yet. Like we're still growing with that company that spends 250k a day. Like it's it's growth. It's small. It's short. It's growth. But >> we're also pretty much just in meta. So that's the other part too is like we haven't actually reached into like the Tik Tok the I'm not going to go to Apple 11. That's just apps remarketing. But Tik Tok and um you know Snapchat would be very small. >> TV you know CTV we haven't been done that yet. Google is still just direct response non brand standard shopping. It it works well. It can scale up programmatic. I mean there's many other channels we can go into. Yes. Now >> can we use Meta as our >> creative testing environment for all channels? Absolutely. I mean, now here's another thing that's funny I was I was actually going to mention is Nike makes 4.94 billion annually. There's only 320 million or 320 million humans in the United States as an example. Now, I know Nike is global, but 320 million humans. They're not all Nike buyers and a lot of them aren't even old enough to wear Nikes. If you think about the kids between the ages of 0 and five, you take out probably like 30 million. They've been able to extract $1544 per person alive in the United States every year. [laughter] So, so it's f even if you didn't buy their shoes, if you're like 320 million people, all gave them 15 bucks every year. That's their gross profit. So, it's it's massive massive. And there's like, can you wear shoes? Yes. Well, if you're interested in dating, there's probably oneird of that. But where's your two billion this year? >> Right. So, I would say I don't really see many people that have really saturated a market enough. Now, could they scale up a campaign of meta till it hits a point mission returns? Absolutely. But we're talking about everything else in in history. No, you can you can still do a lot more, but maybe you just don't want to or that's not the goal of the company. It makes a lot of sense. But I I have seen it grow in industry. Um remember Neato? >> Yeah, you know, it did like that's something we still do. We do a lot of marketing um for that agency which is super niche. It's a monastery marketing school. they still >> that's 16,000 and it's still growing but it is expanding the way that schools are thinking about their business. So it is growing a market because right there we didn't really have a bunch of 40 50 year old female school owners who have never touched a computer in a marketing sense. >> We didn't have a lot of those people knocking on our door saying I'd like this but now we do. So it did grow a market for sure. Um yeah I would say it's absolutely possible. Now the other thing I was to think about though is you you made a point earlier where you have you know the clicks versus the conversions. I was one of the earlier adopters into saying it looks like Google and met are moving towards do you want traffic or do you want conversions? Like you can only choose one or the other. >> Exactly. Yeah. >> Those are two different profiles on people. >> So can you grow a market if you're only doing converters? No. Because they have to say I'm in the market and now I'm in your targeting. >> Right. the non-market, those are things like the feeder strategy, the run um uh view content, those feeder campaigns and we run view contents that will grow a market. Now, you need both of those to continue to scale because you're feeding yourself your own users. But yes, like if I'm doing a conversion campaign, it's my assumption that Google has people that they have already indicated that they're in the market or would be in the market or taking action for something like this that could be in the market soon. And I'm just I'm saturating that entire market and so far we're spending like 600 grand a month and we still haven't hit our ceiling yet. So, Yeah, there's still pretty pretty good amount of room to grow. >> Have you looked at your reach on those campaigns like in the the dog space? They're like global reach like unique reach >> because >> I mean yeah reach is sort of relative because like there's people that are coming in and out of that market. Obviously there are dogs that are becoming less sick and more sick as the market expands. So >> looking at that um would be an interesting thing. >> Yeah. Like this one here is a small company. This is like the Vanero one. Uh spending the 13K. Um this is only in Ireland and UK and starting to not hit saturation but starting to kind of fatigue a bit. We can kind of see that the ads that we started with are scaling up a little bit in spend but we're starting to see like a little bit of a softening lately. So we're going to do a creative iteration. That's the next next thing. So like it's relative I think to the location um of of the audience. >> Just might mean you need a creative refresh >> for sure. I mean like now a creative refresh means like hey we burn through all the people that we think need to see this ad and now it's heading out the other side. Now could it expand further? Yeah, absolutely. Did it know it could? Probably not. It needs more data. But when we do the creative refresh yes but we hit 12 million people a month uh in terms of impressions reaches 4 million. So I mean when you're spending 329,000 and you're getting onetenth no sorry 100th of the population in the United States not too bad. So there's still some a lot of room to grow. There's a lot of room to grow.

- Inside Meta’s Andromeda AI: How Ads Are Really Optimized: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads right now and you feel like you're flying blind, you're not alone. Right? So Meta wants you to think you're in control. I'll tell you something. You're not. The big rorowaz equals profit is a lie. Behind the scenes, the system works very differently. And if you don't know how to play the game, you're going to lose money. So in this video, I'm breaking down, right? I'm breaking down what Meta doesn't tell you about how its ads really work. I tell you how to structure your account and create a flow for actual profit and how top brands are growing in 2025 without guessing. Right. So, let's get into it. Right. So, let's start with this. You're not in control, right? So, meta looks like it's giving you control. You're in there audience selection, budget, input, rorowaz numbers. But the moment you use advantage plus broad targeting or CBO, you've handed the wheel to meta, right? That's not always a bad thing. But here's the issue. Meta doesn't know when you want to test something. We've seen it over and over again, right? You launch six new creatives. Meta burns 80% of your budget on one or two inside the first 48 hours. And sometimes the best performing ad never even gets a chance. So it's not even testing. It's really kind of just guessing it. So Meta won't tell you is that its optimization engine is designed for user experience, not brand testing structure. So if you don't control your inputs, you don't control your results. So be very careful about, you know, just giving meta everything and letting it run. You want to still maintain control or at least understand what's happening when you're building out your campaigns. You know, it's your business after all. So obviously Meta brought out Andromeda, which is a new AI backend system. I made a video about it if you want to check it out. But yeah, it personalizes everything down to the user level. Who sees the ad? Which variation in which order? And the only thing it cares about is making the experience enjoyable for that user. Doesn't care about your brand goals. It doesn't care about your split test or your quarterly sales target. At least I believe that. It's constantly asking, did the user pause? Did they engage? Did they click? And did they convert? And you are no longer buying the traffic. You're just buying the attention in my opinion, right? So the attention is earned. It's not targeted. And what you want to do is you want to take that into consideration when you're building out your campaigns and understand that that's how Meta is actually putting together its hypothesis as to who is going to see your ads. I'm sure we've heard this now, but yeah, you know, creative is media buying now. The biggest shift, you know, you're not competing with other brands in your niche. You're competing with every ad for every product out there because they want the users to enjoy their time. Let us feed is one long dopamine loop to slot machine and if your ad doesn't feel native it actually does get skipped right so that's why we tell clients you need a creative pipeline not just one good ad not two you need weekly UGC weekly statics founderled motion graphics native style ads offer driven creatives that perform and format native right so many needs volume and variation to do its job correctly otherwise you're just hoping to spend on the right thing so let's make sure that we're we're taking that into consideration big creative pipeline Now, my favorite conversation. Let's kill the sacred cow. Rowaz. It's the number that everyone chases and the number that ruins businesses. A 4x row in our marketing might look amazing until you realize that you've got zero new customers at the top of the funnel. You could have got those people in with your email campaign or they probably would have came back anyway. Ro tells you how Meta thinks it performed. It does not tell you if you made money. real brands to track me or contribution margin, new customer CAC, CAC to LTV ratio, and that's how you measure profitable scale. So, not just short-term spikes. Got to be really careful about that. And what winning brands are doing, right? So, here's what the top Shopify brands that we work with are doing right now. So, number one, they forecast. They know what a profitable meta account looks like. They build a consistent pipeline of creative every single week. They're tracking CAT to LTV ratio, not just rorowaz. They map out spend, revenue, contribution margin before they scale. And they optimize a full funnel, not just uh the individual ad account, right? So they also have a fully built out retention system, email, SMS, loyalty programs. And yeah, they're not just spending more, they're spending smarter with systems. The algorithm isn't your enemy, but it's your best friend, right? So you need to meet it halfway or they're going to chew your budget and it's going to move on. It's thinking about the customer. It's not thinking about you in my opinion. If your brand is ready to scale, but you feel like you're missing the strategy, let's change that. We've helped brands grow from 30 grand months to 300 grand months using our structured planning, performance, forecasting, and a content engine that fuels meta with what it wants. So, go ahead and book a strategy call myself if you're interested. I can fill you in on more of that. And yeah, if you want more uh real growth content like this, please do hit subscribe. No fluff, no recycle tips, just straight up strategy that works, maybe. And we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidemmons698 [1 likes]: Dude, the music is too loud and distracting. I'm trying to listen to you!!!!
  2. @Siratemustaqeem761 [1 likes]: Don't stop making these
  3. @znexASMR [1 likes]: Great insights
  4. @EXCEED-u3y [1 likes]: Hey do you need a thumbnaili designer ?
  5. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: its a very good video but it has like 10 topics inside it which a video of their own each. thank you.

- Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 Complete Guide) - POST ANDROMEDA: Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Facebook ads are wasting money. If Facebook ads feel confusing, expensive, or like you're just guessing, you're not stupid. Most people are running them wrong because nobody ever showed them the basics properly. So, in this video, I'm going to walk you through Facebook ads step by step so you know exactly what matters and what doesn't. This video is going to save you money and time and a lot of frustration. Let's start. Now, honestly, when it comes to Facebook ads, this is easy. So, the very first thing we want to do once we're in Ads Manager is just go over to the left hand side to campaigns and we're going to land here, right? And then we just want to tap on create the type of campaign that you want. If you're a lead genen business like a service-based business where you get, you know, their details, so you can give them a quote or anything like that, you just want to pick leads. If you're an e-commerce business and you get sales, so people purchase the product and you don't have to give them a quote or anything like that. You don't need their information before you get payment. You just tap on sales. All right. Now, for this particular video, we're going to tap on leads, and we're going to tap on continue. So, the very first thing here that we want to break down is the ad levels. All right. If you see up the top left over here, and over here as well, there's three different levels. Okay? There's the campaign level up here, which is basically just about setting in your budget. And then you have the adset level, which is picking things like your targeting locations, your conversion locations, and what page to actually run the ads on. And then you have the ad level where all of the magic happens and you actually create the thing that people see. And also if you selected instant forms as one of your conversion actions, you will also create the instant form right here as well. All right. Now that you understand that, we're going to go through and start this off. So just put in your daily budget. Whatever you think that you should put in for your business. Now my personal recommendation if you're complete beginner and you're starting off, I recommend spending anywhere from $50 to $100 per day. Now that's in Australian dollars. If you're from the United States, it's £35 to $70 per day. And if you're from the UK, £25 to £50. All right. So, what we're going to do now is just tap on next, and we're going to land straight onto the adset level. As you can see here in these two areas, we're now in the adset level. So, the conversion location, if you have a killer website, send the traffic to your website. All right? But 99% of people don't have conversion focused websites. They're usually pretty shitty. So, I recommend sending them to an instant form. If you run a service-based business, like you're a plumber, window cleaner, anything like that, I would just recommend that you send them directly to an instant form like this, just because you'll probably get more leads from using instant forms because it doesn't take them off the platform and you can make them high quality as well by making them go through and answer various questions. Okay, so what we want to do now is just select our page. And then for the performance goal, we're just going to have this maximize number of leads. There's another one down here, maximize number of conversion leads. I've spent tens of thousands of dollars on this. Don't bother wasting your time on this. All right? You end up paying a premium price to get basically the exact same leads. And when you set up your instant forms like how I'm going to show you in this video, you're only going to get conversion focus leads anyway. So, you don't need to change this over and pay for that premium audience. All right. So, keep it on maximize number of leads. All right. Now, we're going to scroll down to audience. All right. So, what we want to do in audience is just tap on this little pencil here. That's going to bring down our targeted location. So also tap this little arrow so you can see what you're doing. So we're just going to type in one of our service locations. All right. So just say we service around Chadston. So now it's targeted directly into Chadston. So what we want to do is tap on drop pin and just drop a pin in our targeting zone that we want to run ads in. And then just increase this to, you know, the radius that we actually want. All right? Or you can decrease this. So just say we want to target this whole area here. I want to run ads throughout here cuz I have a large amount of employees and they reach all around these different areas. All right? So, there's a big mistake that a lot of people do here, right? And it's they don't exclude the areas around the actual targeting. And I'm going to show you exactly how to do that because I want you to make a ridiculous amount of money when it comes to ads. All right? So, I'm going to show you the proper way to do this and exactly how to save as much money as possible. And one of those biggest things is this exact thing here, which is not having exclusion zones. And you're probably watching me right now thinking, Daniel, you just added in another targeting zone, you absolute idiot. Right. But wait. All right. We can actually go in here and we can tap on it and it will give us the option to exclude this. Bang. Now it's a red circle. What I recommend that you do is going through and putting all these exclusion zones all around your targeting zone just like this. Add them up to like 20 m wide each just all the way around your actual targeting area. So it will just look like a big blue area with a bunch of red circles around it. Now, this will stop you from getting a large amount of leads that aren't in your service area. Now, sometimes you still get the problem. So, to make this bulletproof to really avoid getting any leads outside of your area, cuz right now since the Andromeda update, it has been quite a big issue, especially for service-based businesses. We want to scroll down and we want to tap on further limit the reach of your ad. Do not stress, this isn't a big deal. The ads are still going to be broad, so we're still going to get as much reach as before. It's just actually going to listen to our good old guidelines that we just gave it which is just targeting here. It's not going to go for the cheapest lead and start pumping out ads here even though we don't want them cuz currently Facebook billion dollar company does not understand that we do not want that. So tap on further limit the reach of your ads. Go down here, tap on it and then tap on continue and just leave it how it is. Oh well you could you can actually change the um age area because you know a lot of the time you won't get people around the age of 18. So, you can just boost this up to like 25 or anything like that. And I probably wouldn't use this as a suggestion cuz I know my business better than anyone else. I'm sure you do as well. And the chances of you getting 18y olds is very unlikely in the actual job. All right? Like I'd really doubt that they're going to convert and get, you know, whatever quote or whatever business you run, unless you run like a like a restaurant or anything like that or a food joint, you'd obviously have this as 18year-olds as well because, you know, they would love to go out for dinner. But for this particular ad, we're creating an ad for a service-based business. So, I'm not going to bother about using that as a suggestion. We're going to scroll down and we're just going to tap on next. Now, as you can see, we're in the ad level. So, this is where the magic happens. This is where we create the actual ad, what people actually see. Right? So, we're going to scroll down and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. What I recommend doing is having this on single image or video ad. And when it comes to testing, right, when it comes to knowing how many ads you should make, I recommend having about five ads in here. Okay, for this particular budget, five ads is going to work fantastic. So, now we're going to set up our creative. So, the creative is just the words on the ad, the image on the ad, and just everything like that. So, let's tap on setup creative and then set up image. We're just going to tap on this image here, and then tap on next. So, as you can see, this is what our image looks like right now. We want to keep all these as original. We do not care if this ad does not show up in this placement because we don't really want it to show up in that placement anyway. So, let's tap on next. Now, I can put in the primary text and everything right here, but it does look pretty bad. So, I'm going to avoid doing that in this area. We're going to do it after we fill out everything else in regards to the actual image. All right, so tap on next. So, as you can see here, it's actually generated us some AI images. I recommend just selecting on any of these that actually look good, but if they look like this one here, like it looks like the guy's in a snowstorm, right? If they look like that, just don't even bother clicking on it. But if you find any ones that look, you know, better like this one, this one looks pretty good. or this one here because there's another guy in the image. I recommend just testing it out, right? It's not going to use this as your sole photo like it's just going to use this as another test of the photo which is really good. All right, tap on next. Now, remove enhanced media text improvements and enhanced CTA. The reason why is because we want full control over our Facebook ads and we want to know what they actually say. All right, if we have on text improvements, it'll change our text around which is not what we want. And then if we have enhanced CTA, it will also change what our CTA is, which we don't want to happen, right? So, the ones we do want to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and you can have animation on or not. I'm just going to leave it on. Let's tap on done. So, this right now is the bare bones of our ad. All right. So, this is our image. Just imagine this is from Solar Company, not my demonstration page, Daniel Jim. All right. So, this is what we've got right now, the stock standard. What we need to do is put in our primary text, our headline, and our descriptions, and our call to actions. So the call to action obviously for this type of business which is a service based business which is a solar installation we're just going to tap on get quote because that's what we want the client to do. We want them to get a quote. All right, pretty simple stuff. So bang, here's our primary text right here. All right, I've gone through and I've created this and this is actually a type of ad copy that we run for one of our clients who's in solar installation. It's not the exact thing obviously cuz I don't want to show that on ad, but it's quite similar. All right, so I want you to understand that this is the type of ad copy that works. Long- form ad copy works unbelievably well. Some people look at this and go, "Oh, there's a disgusting amount of like writing here." But no, you're paying for your ad to appear and sell someone on your service. So, you want as much writing in here as possible that's really going to sell them. Obviously, you don't want in here just random fluff where you're just trying to hit a word limit. No, you want very sales focused stuff. Pointing out the exact location and person that you want, right, which is a Melbourne homeowner. and pointing out their problem. They usually pay around x amount per year for electricity compared to 1,700 with a properly installed solar system. Right? We're literally eliminating their bill in half. We're doing exactly what the image says, cut your power bills. Right? We're cutting them in half, literally. All right? So, this is the type of ad that works really well. Now, I'm going to scroll down and put in my headline. So, the headline that I'm going to put in is something very simple. I just tell them what I want them to do, right? Which is getting a quote. We want them to go and get a quote and tap on this button here so we can go talk to them. So, bang. Here's my headline here. It's super simple. It's just get your solo quote, right? I'm just telling them exactly what I want them to do. Don't overthink this area, guys. It's really simple. Just tell them, like I said, what you want them to do. Now, for the description, just kind of follow along with that and either give social proof or, you know, push something custom or just anything like that, right? Just anything that you might think will help. So, here's my description here. reduce your power bills with a custom solar system which is just doing the exact same thing the image is doing and the words up here is doing. It is pushing the fact that we are reducing or cutting or destroying their power bill so they don't have to pay as much money per year. All right, that's clearly the angle of the ad which is hey we save you money. Pay us money so we can save you money. All right, but this is yeah this is exactly what you want here. So I'm going to break this down real quick. Off the very bat of the ad, what you can see is the exact target location. So, bank, they know that they are the people in that area. They're also home owners and they're probably most likely paying around 3,200 per year for electricity because this is the average for the households in there. And then bang, here's a quick little comparison to how much they could be paying if they had a solarin system that we installed for them. What this is doing is showing that we are cutting their power bill in half. And then you have the image that reiterates that cut your power bills in half with a custom solar system. And then also massive social proof. Bang. They know that we are trusted. We got 289 Google reviews, five stars, right? We are a trusted provider to install your solar systems. Okay, then we even have a photo of a guy doing it, which is really good. And then we have the actual headline, get a solar quote, the call to action, get quote, and then the reduce your power bills as well. Now, this is an absolute banger of an ad. But we're not done just yet. We still need to actually create the instant form where they're going to go fill out their details and become a highquality lead. All right. So, we're going to scroll up to destination and we're going to tap on create form. Now, in my opinion, I keep this on more volume and I keep this as open and I keep this as optimize. Now, we're just going to tap on next. I remove the greeting because majority of the time it is just a waste of time. And then I go through here and I put in multiple questions to make sure they're qualified because if you don't do this, you will get dud leads and you'll complain, why is my lead quality so bad? And it's because you didn't verify the leads. All right. So what I recommend doing is going through here adding in about three to four qualifying questions to actually make sure that they answer those questions to prove to you that they are a high quality lead. Right? So what I recommend is having about three multiple choice questions. So you just ask things like how urgently do you need it done. Just any demonstration question like that. You know your business better than I do. So just write in whatever information you want before you get on a phone call with them or before you send them a quote. All right. But if you don't know what to write in here, you could add in things like what's the best form of contact. So you could have your answers as email, phone call, SMS, and they can just tap which answer that they like, right? And then you know exactly what type of contact method they'd like to speak to you through cuz some people don't like email, some people don't like text message, yada yada yada. And then I also recommend adding in a short answer question. This one should almost always be, "What is your phone number?" Okay? And then I leave this as minimum characters five and maximum characters 20. This way when I ask, they'll get a question like this. What is your phone number? And they'll just enter in their phone number manually. All right, we're going to also get their number down here after you put in the questions. So, we're going to get their email, full name, phone number. Make sure this isn't optional, okay? We need this from them. It is not an option. And then also, you can get the street address as well, just so you know exactly where they live. So, if you need to give a quote based off Google Maps or Real Estate.com or Zillow or anything like that where you can actually see the property online, this is a great way to do it. Okay. Now, you might get this little warning over here. Too many questions may reduce the form submission rate. That's what we want. That's good. Great job. You did great. All right. You did great, kid. That's exactly what we want. We want to reduce the amount of people that submit the form because it means that we're going to get rid of all the dud leads and all the people that don't know what they're doing and we're only going to get leads that actually know, okay, I want a quote. Okay? So, if you don't know why I made you write in a question that asks about their phone number and also give them a form later on where they actually have to fill out their number as well. This is just to verify that you get the correct phone number from them. Because sometimes people who started their Facebook account with an old phone number, when they go to these instant forms, Facebook will autofill out their details and use their number that they started Facebook with. All right, since they haven't updated and then you would complain, I got a dud lead because nobody answered the phone. But in reality, it was just an old lady who didn't really know what she was doing and she didn't double check that it was the correct phone number. So, we make sure by having this question here to really force the fact that we're going to get the correct number. So no matter what, it is guaranteed that we have the correct phone number. Okay. So now we're going to tap on next. And I recommend just putting in your privacy policy here. You can just link this to your website or you can tap on this bit and just remove it alto together. Tap on next. Now what I recommend here is just putting in expectations. So I keep this as thanks. You're all set. And then the description I will have this as you can expect us to call you within the next 24 to 48 hours or you can expect a quote in the next 24 to 48 hours. Just anything like that. just setting in expectations on what is going to happen next so they don't go willy-nilly going around slamming a bunch of other ads to make sure they can get a quote from everybody else because they know that you're locked in. You're going to give them a quote in x amount of time. Okay. Now, we can have the additional action as go to website and have this on, you know, our reviews or anything like that if we want them to go there. We could have this as read our reviews and then the link is literally just straight to our reviews on our website. Or you can have this as cool business. Put in your phone number here. just change this over to call now. This way, if they need you urgently, they can literally call you right after they've filled out the form and you have all their details already, so you don't need to grab it while you're on the phone. All right, once you're done with that, just tap on create form and then bang. What I recommend doing is just going over here, tapping on quick duplicate, and just making about five different variations of this ad. The only thing that I would change in the ad to do the testing is the actual image. That's all I would change. All right, and now you are a fantastic Facebook ads marketer. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please smash like. Look, if you did want an unfair advantage in your business, there's a link in the description to my advertising course. I'm not going to push you on it or sell you on it. If you do want that unfair advantage, go check it out. See you later. I don't know what to say.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @NathanParks-s3v: i built an add for a client following these exact steps and it's gotten rejected twice, any idea why? even used similar text to what you showed
  3. @NathanParks-s3v: these are awesome thanks
  4. @gensis251: Thank you !

- How To ACTUALLY Target with Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are talking about targeting with meta ads. I've been running ads for over nine years now and at my agency we've managed over $600 million in ad spend and generated over $2 billion in revenue for my clients like Symbiotica where we are literally spending over $250,000 per day. And they are one of the fastest growing supplement brands on the internet. And yes, I did say $250,000 per day. Meta has changed their platform so much recently with the Adrona update and the way we market has completely changed. And it's made a lot of people wonder, do we even need to target anymore with meta ads? Do you need to go all broad? Interest targeting, lookalike targeting. You and I are going to answer those questions together. The answer to that question is yes. For most advertisers, keyword most. You still need to target. We're still using interest targeting and broad. And I see a lot of videos on this topic and no real clear answer. So, I'm going to clear the air up on this for everyone. You have two buckets of people. advertisers spending under 30k per month and advertisers spending more than 30k per month. This is what we call the transition period. And if you're spending under 30k per month, you need targeting. And here is why. You're essentially training this new meta model on what type of people to go after. And without targeting, your ad account doesn't have enough data on it to properly identify these people in the very beginning stages. Now, I don't want to confuse you, but there are instances where you can have a stellar product, an offer, and a ton of unique creative formats and be able to get away with little to no targeting and have only broad audiences in the early stages. So, now we're going to look at an ad account that is spending under 30K. This one has spent $8,800 in the last 30 days at a 5x return in ad spend, generating roughly $46,000 in purchases, all from this campaign setup. And this is a campaign setup that I recommend a lot of accounts start with, especially in the early stages. You still need to have an interest testing campaign. You'll take all of your best performing ads and you'll put them in here and you can dynamically adjust the budgets based off what is getting the highest return on ad spend. You'll still have single interest. A lot of people say this doesn't work still, but it definitely does. Especially when you're spinning lower budgets, you need to guide the algorithm in the right direction and give it audiences to test with. And you're also going to have a second campaign, which a lot of people don't talk about. It's your creative testing because most of you will experience where a lot of spin gets flushed to one creative and doesn't spend on the other. So, we're going to take totally new creative testing concepts and drop them in multiple interest audiences to be able to test those creatives. That way, we ensure we get spin towards those. And once they're proven, we're simply going to copy those ads and paste them into our scaling campaign. And eventually, we'll start to transition out of this structure. But this is definitely the structure you want to use in the early stages. you're still going to have a retargeting where you're retargeting your past website visitors, your Instagram engagers, your Facebook engagers. As you can see, it is very much so working extremely well. This allows us to build up all of the data we need, get to active, where we can eventually start to switch out of this and go into CBO and go more broad. But at this point in time, at these spin levels, you do not need to be going entirely broad that early. You definitely need to be doing your audience testing and lots of creative testing at these stages. Now, if you're spending over 30K per month and you're trying to manually target, you're pretty much just standing in your own way because at this point, the main thing you want to focus on here is creative and a ton of it. Now, here we are inside of an ad account that is spending over $30,000 per month. In the last 30 days, they've done about 40k in spend and they've generated $216,000 in sales at a 5.5x return in ad spend. And what you'll notice here is the budgets are now on the campaign level, not just the adset level. And the reason this matters is because at this point in scale, it's going to be much harder for you to be transitioning budgets between different interest audiences. Whenever you're on the CBO level, Meta at this point already knows who to target and can adjust your budget dynamically to get you the best rorowass. And not only that, but we really don't have any specific interest by this point. We're actually going broad because the algorithm is now trained up. And what you'll see inside of this campaign is product collections. So these are all just broad audiences. Whenever we look at this, this is an entirely open audience with no targeting. These are just broad audiences, but we're segmenting them by product. And you can see they're getting very consistent return in ad spend here. 5x, 8x, 6x, 7x rorowaz, and getting lots of purchases at much higher spin levels. And that is because Meta now knows who to go after. You've already guided it to this point. And you don't want to have a lot of overlap between your audiences. And by this point, you can essentially just spend a lot more with way less structure. And we can look at these other campaigns. They're just simply segmented by product line. If you do not have multiple product SKs, then you're just going to have, you know, really just broad audiences and advantage plus audiences at this point because it makes it much easier for Meta to really scale up. And you can just focus on the creative. So you're going to have, you know, 15 unique ad creative formats, whether they're review based, features, and benefit based UGC videos all plugged into each and every one of these broad audiences. and you're just going to be scaling on more of the campaign level at this point. Now, what is for both buckets of advertisers? This is an absolute must after the Andromeda update. We are going to target through our creative. Now, we're inside of an ad account. And what I mean by that is with this Adromeda update, really creatives is the key thing to all of this. And we're inside of an advantage plus campaign, which you can have an advantage plus on both sides. So, if you're under 30 or over 30K per month, you definitely want to have an advantage plus with at least 10 to 15 creatives. And inside of this, when we're talking about how we target through our creative, it really comes down to the totally unique ad creative formats, especially when we begin to scale up and you have lots of ad creatives in here, we want to start leveraging what we call a flexible ad format. And flexible is essentially where we take 10 creatives and put it inside of one ad. And this is best done when it's a specific creative format. So, in this case, it would be reviews. And we would have 10 review ads. As you can see here, these are all reviews. And we're essentially putting them inside of one ad, which makes it one unique ad format with 10 variations of the reviewbased creative. This allows Meta to rapidly test with this Adromeda update and be able to identify which one is working best. Also allows us to get creatives at scale. And so that way, Meta can dynamically plug in the creative based off the user's journey in terms of whenever they're most likely to buy. So you would have a flexible format with all of those creatives inside of it. And then you're going to have totally unique formats on each of these ads. So, as you can see, our next ad is a UGCbased video and they're talking about the product and demonstrating it. The next ad creative is going to be an us versus them. And the reason we do this is because every market appeals to different creative angles and also every buyer stage at which they're in, they might already be educated on your product, but they're not fully convinced. So, that's where the reviews come in. Or they might not know anything about your product. So that's where the education comes in or they know about it but don't know how to use it. That's where a product demo comes into play. So you want to have each of these unique creatives because once you start to go broad and have advantage plus or even interest, the creatives can do the targeting for you because Meta will now be able to know which ad creative to show to which pocket of audience to get them to convert. So we're going to have totally unique ad creatives in here. The three reasons why we have the UGC, we have too delicate to wear. And all of these are going to be getting spent and Meta is going to be showing them at the exact right time that we need them to, which is why this is performing so well where we spent literally $5,400 to make back $50,000 at a near 9x return on ad spend. So, it's very important that we have the right amount of creatives, make sure they're totally unique, and we're going to begin using flexible formats to increase the number of creatives we have at scale without having to manage 10 different review ads. We're going to consolidate those into one creative format. and have multiple flexibles along with all of our other creatives combined. Earlier in this video, I said most advertisers should target if you're a huge account and you're spending 500k to a million per month or like our client here, Symbiotica, spending $250,000 per day. All right, so just to recap the three buckets, if you are under 30K, you'll have an interest testing campaign where you're targeting multiple interest. You'll have a creative testing campaign where you're dropping in new creatives and you'll have a retargeting audience. If you're over 30K, you're going to be focusing on CBO with broad audiences. Now, for the third bucket, if you're spending well over $500,000 per month, you're strictly going to be focusing on Advantage Plus and broad audiences, and you're going to have a plethora of ad creatives where you're using flexible formats to be able to handle the volume at scale. So that way, Meta can do all the targeting for you and show the creatives in the right place at the right time. Running meta ads is easier than ever before. Now, for some reason, everyone online wants to make it sound so scary and confusing. It's really not as complicated as everyone makes it out to be. And the cool thing about this new update, you don't need a ton of crazy campaigns. You don't need all these complicated media buying tricks as long as you just adjust your account structure at the right stages of spin like we covered in this video. You'll be able to transition and scale to those 1K, 10K, and even 100K day spin levels. But you can't forget the most important part out of this entire update. This new system rewards highquality creative. Meta removed about 90% of the manual work for you. And Meta is literally going and finding the best customers for you with this new predictive modeling. And it's truly the only lever that moves rorowaz. Which is why I put together a full tutorial on how I do creative in this postromeda era. And you can find that here in this next video I picked out for you right here. I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [1 likes]: Scale your brand: https://calendly.com/d/cp3p-3s4-prg/1-on-1-ads-mastery-mentorship-30min-chase-chappell?utm_source=youtube
  2. @burakbozkurt51 [1 likes]: Teşekkürler.
  3. @KerestesTena: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @Playveritas: So are funnels dead? Run sales campaigns? Do you have these retarget eachother so you can tell a story or do you just run sales campaign ads on more and more creative?
  5. @Phillip-n3q: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  6. @Lowell-q4o: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  7. @stimulatedtv: Could you please explain one thing to me. When you have your audience in your testing interest campaign and the ads and audience is working you just copy the whole adset to the creative testing campaign?
  8. @DurwardRice-w6r: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @MonicaValenzuela-v9x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  10. @Dilkajunun: Okay, but Facebook has just now (last ten days) killed all targeting possibilities apart from really broad ones. What can I do now? (I write novels and my ad spend is a few K per year.) I think, I have to switch to automatic targeting. Who can teach me how to do this right?
  11. @Emerson-j4l: No water, fast! Way to go.
  12. @Giuseppina-q1e: No water, fast! Way to go.
  13. @ashton_fitness: Amazing video Chase! 
Question: should I do purely interest testing or interest testing with advantage+?
  14. @marketmonster6055: if you are running ads for a roofer, hvac locally , broad or some type of intrest?
  15. @mystereo100: Hi Chase! 
Nice work, thank you!

If we have around 3-5k spend per month, the 4 campaigns method with: 
1. Creative testing ABO
2. MoF Retargeting ABO
3. Retargeting A+ Shopping CBO
4. Interests ABO

 will be ok ?
  16. @MegadutaShrivastav: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  17. @GovindaPanda: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  18. @learning11-d3g: Chase! Appreciate this. so 30k a month CBO campaign setup. Are you doing adset budget mins?
  19. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply ME, How did you create the ADS ?
  20. @yartarget: Спасибо за видео! Полезная информация

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  5. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  6. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  7. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  8. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  9. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  10. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  11. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  12. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  13. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  14. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  15. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  16. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  17. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  18. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  19. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  20. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial for Beginners in 2026 (Full "Andromeda" Guide): Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to learn Facebook ads in 2026, most tutorials are going to confuse the hell out of you. They either over complicate super simple things or they teach you outdated strategies that no longer work or they show you button clicks without explaining what anything does. So, we're going to be changing that today because you end up copying setups you don't understand and hoping the algorithm saves you when that's never going to happen. In this video, I'm going to be walking you through exactly the Facebook ad strategy and the actual way to get them to work in 2026. This is not theory. It's not going to be hacks, but how to think about the platform so you can [music] run ads with confidence instead of simply guessing and copying someone else. This is the full beginner's guide I wish existed when I first started. If you're new to this channel, my name is Christian Jamal. I've spent well over $und00 million on paid ads, specifically on Meta. And on this channel, I make videos for business owners that use meta ads for lead generation. Everything here is about actually helping you understand meta, run better ads, and scale without guessing. So, let's dive in. All right. So, when you first log on to the ads manager, this is what you're going to see. It's going to look extremely confusing, but don't even worry because we are going to be diving through every single thing. And before we even launch the ads, I think it's important for you guys to understand the structure of how Facebook operates. Think about it like this. You have your pages, you have your Instagram, you have your business, you have your ad accounts, you have your payment methods. These are all separate assets. These assets are hosted inside the trunk of the tree. And the trunk of the tree is the business manager. So in order to go there, you want to go to business settings on the bottom left corner of your screen. This is basically what your account is going to look like. This is the trunk of the tree. And all you see on the left side, these are all things that are branches in the tree. So, when it comes down to people, you can invite people to your business manager from here. You can put in their email, you press enter, it will highlight it, you'll be able to go to the next step. Uh, partners are agencies that you're utilizing to actually help you build your business. Pages is obviously pages. Add accounts is ad accounts, and then Instagram accounts is Instagram accounts. These are the only three relevant ones under accounts. You can use WhatsApp accounts if you're not in the United States. I've seen that in the United States that one doesn't do very well. And then you have data sources. Data sources are the tracking mechanisms of how uh people are interacting with your business off the platform. So you have cataloges which means if you have a Shopify website uh it's basically like the products being imported into Meta. If you have a pixel or you have a funnel or a website that you're sending people to from your ads, this is where you get data sets and pixels to actually be convenient for your business because then you can track what's going on outside the platform. Another thing you can see is requests. If you're ever making any changes and Meta prompts you to uh get it approved by someone else, you can find that under requests. Uh for brand safety, you can verify your domain so no one else can run ads for that domain. Uh, I haven't seen that to be a big issue for smaller businesses, but if you're a bigger business, make sure that you go under domains and you actually set up a domain for your business. It's very simple. Add add a domain. It's going to ask you to do some things on DNS and then you can add it. Again, not super important for smaller businesses. Billing and payments is obviously going to be your payment method and then uh that is pretty much it. That's all you really need to know when it comes down to the business info and the business manager. Now, of course, our objective is to create ads. So, what we want to do is we want to head over to the ad account and click open in ads manager. I'm explaining everything item by item because it is going to differ from business to business and we're going to set up a campaign together so that if you feel more comfortable following along step by step, you can do that as well. I'm going to explain also the concept of the campaigns, adsets, and ads so that you guys have a good idea of what this all means. Okay. So, uh when you think of campaigns, you need to think of the objective, the goal. What is it that is happening? And uh what is it that we actually want to achieve? And when you think of adsets, it's who is going to see that these ads and for ads is what is actually being seen. So, I'm actually going to pull up a Canva whiteboard uh so you guys are able to uh follow along more so so that it makes more sense when it comes to this. So I'm going to go ahead and explain the structure like this. So think about campaigns as the goal. Okay, remember campaign is right here. And now for the adset, adset is the targeting. So we have ads set one let's say and this is a target audience one. And the same concept applies again and again and again. So we can just do this and then we can do ads set two is target audience two. And the same thing for this one. And again, this is just conceptual because it's important for you guys to just understand that there's going to be multiple adsets in each campaign. Now, what you also have is multiple ads in each adset. So, you have the campaigns here, you have the adset here, and you have the ads here. So, inside each target audience, you want to test multiple different types of ads. So, for this situation, let's just call this one ad one equal what they see. And then we have ad two, which is also what they see. And then I'm going to go ahead and just copy this, paste it. Same concept applies for this target audience. And then the same concept applies for this target audience. So, and that's exactly what you want to have as a structure. Keep in mind, this is a barebone structure, very, very simplified. We're going to build a legitimate campaign together, but just food for thought. This is along the lines of what you want it to look like. You want one to turn into multiple, and then inside each one of the multiple, you want to have a few others. And that's pretty much the concept of Facebook. And the reason that we do this is because so let's say audience one is an older audience and then audience two is a younger audience. And keep in mind that this is just like a very very broad example just to show you the concept of why uh it's important to set up ads this way. Because here, let's say we have an older person in the ad. And then here we have a younger person in the ad. And then same concept applies for here we have a younger person in the ad. Okay? So think about it like this. If your goal is to get leads and your audience, you have two types of audience, two different types of people can buy from you. You have an older audience and a younger audience. And the older audience seems to be resonating much better with an ad of someone that is an older person in the ad. and the younger audience is resonating much better with an uh with an ad that has a younger person in the ad. So here this isn't saying because if we only look at this half of the equation, you would think to yourself, oh people in the ads don't perform well when that's really not the case because what you want to do is you want to split test your ads across different audiences because certain audience like better certain specific ads and that's exactly why we want to set up a structure like this. Now, keep in mind this is a very broad example. Like I mentioned, you could take this to a whole different level. If you have very intricate audiences with very different types of ads, you can see which angle of ad works better for a specific type of audience. So, you can notice, for example, let's say an older audience is uh much easier to get to buy whatever you're trying to sell if you're using uh a negative outcome, for example, as compared to a positive one. the younger audience is performing better with a positive outcome versus a negative one. There's multiple different angles to sell the same thing. And um just to give an example of this, let's say you're selling a mattress. If you can sell a mattress as hey fix your back pain which is negative or uh a positive outcome would be better, right? So same product, same marketing but one is pushing away from the negative and one is pushing towards the positive and that's an angle. And the reason I'm explaining all this is because truly Facebook does come down to mindset. Because when you're thinking about how to set up the ads, it's important to understand why you're doing certain things rather than just copying me click some buttons on the screen. Because once you understand the skill, it's kind of the equivalent of me teaching you guys how to fish rather than just giving you the fish. Because when it comes to Facebook, what your setup looks like day one is going to look very, very different than your setup 2 weeks down the line. Because the setup itself is honestly one of the least important things when it comes to to the ads themselves because what you want to know is how to make datadriven decisions. And if you know how to think and you know why you thought this way, you'll be able to make much better datadriven decisions. Now let's go through uh the ads manager and show you guys exactly what things do. So create actually starts the action of creating a campaign. Duplicate is a scaling strategy that we're going to be talking about later down the line in this video. Edit is obviously edit existing items. AB test is uh obviously the ability to test one thing versus the other, but I like to do it manually. I don't like to use this actual button. And you can create rules as well. Now, the columns is what you see over here. And you are able to change these. So on in general, you're going to be in performance when you load up the ad account. And you're going to see that you have bid strategy, budget, results, reach, impressions, cost per result, etc. But you can also create your own customized columns. So, let's say we have this. I would like to know how many clicks we got, how many how much we paid per click, what percent of people who saw the ad clicked on it. The CPM is what is it costing us to show the ad a,000 times. And then I want to know the results because if you think about it, we're going to go back here and I'm going to look up uh a funnel. Think about it like this. Um, let's say that uh on Meadow you are having the visibility of the following. So, let's go to text and let's say normal individuals when they run ads and the reason they fail is because this is all they look at. They look at how much did I spend and then on the bottom of the funnel it's how much did I make? So, let me just grab this and then on here it's how much did I make which is a very valid question because the whole point of running ads is to grow your business. So, if you don't know how much you spent or if you know how much you spent but you don't know how much you made, then that becomes a big question mark and then eventually you'll end up like just getting rid of your ads entirely. But the reason I wanted to show you this funnel is because the question of how much did I spend and how much did I make are very beginner level questions. The questions you should be asking is how much how much am I paying to show my ads, which is right here, the CPM. The next thing you should be asking is something along the lines of what percent of people click on my ad because that could be the problem. The ad itself could be a very weak ad even though the target audience is correct and your goal is correct and everything is correct. The next question you should be asking is uh what percent what percent of clicks gave me their info? So I'm going to actually put it here so it's easier to see. So what percent of clicks actually gave me their info? And then the last question is what percent of what percent of leads turned into sales? And you can dive a little bit deeper into this as well. You can say what percent of leads answered the phone and then what percent of the people who answered the phone booked a call and what percent of the people who booked the call showed up and what percent of the people who showed up actually ended up paying. So that gives you a good outline of what's going on in your account so you can actually make proper decisions. Because if you think about it like this, let's say what percent of people uh are clicking on your ad and let's say the number for this is uh 0.1%. But then you have 50 50% of the people who click on your ad give you their info and let's say we have here uh uh 25% of people who gave you their info ended up buying your product or service. Well, now we know that this is the problem and we need to fix our actual creative, like our actual ads themselves because that's what's causing the bottleneck. That's what's causing the ads to not perform well. When in reality, if we were only asking how much am I paying to show my ads and how much did I make, we're not going to know what is the leak in the boat in order to patch it up and fix it so we can scale our business. So, let's go back to the ads manager. Now, um I'm going to walk you guys through the actual campaign structure. Uh, actually, no, one more thing. I do need to uh break down the timeline as well as the breakdowns. You can create reports on Meta, but I don't recommend them. They're not that good. Uh, you can break down your ads by age, by day, by placement, by country, by platform. Obviously, by platform, I mean Facebook or Instagram. And you can go even much more in depth, right? You can see the placement delivery, which means Facebook stories, Facebook feed, Instagram stories, Instagram feed marketplace. There's a million different placement that can happen. And uh once you have ads running and spend is actually happening on the account, you can get breakdowns of exactly um uh where things are being spent. So you can make better datadriven decisions. Cuz you might notice that this is all great, but my number for click-through rate is actually 5% on Facebook and 0.001% on Instagram. So you might want to spend more money on Facebook and that will give you a lot of guidance on what to do next. Now the next thing is the timeline. Uh making decisions on same day data is really bad unless you're spending a lot of money and the data is accurate. Uh typically what I like to look at is last 7 days, last 14 days, last 28 days as well as la last 30 days. Um because this is going to give you a understanding of the trajectory of things. If you have last 30 days and you're paying $50 a lead and 14 days you're paying $25 a lead and last seven days you're paying $10 a lead, you're seeing a downward trend in your cost per lead. That's a good sign if on a 30-day basis you're seeing that the cost per lead is uh $10 and if you're looking at um the last 14 days you're seeing it at 15 and the last 7 days you're looking at 30. That just tells me the first 14 days of the 30 days we were crushing it and now everything is going worse and worse and worse. You do also have the option of going to like custom timeline etc if you want to look at numbers from the past whatever it may be. Now, uh, for your columns, I'm going to, uh, show you guys exactly what to do. You want to get rid of everything except the ones that I have selected on my screen. So, just clean it up and then you can start searching for them. You can do clicks, cost per click, clickthrough rate. Typically, I wouldn't use all, but you can. Typically, what I like to use is uh uh link clicks. So, link clicks is much more accurate metric because clicks could mean they clicked on your profile, they clicked to see the comments, whatever it may be. Link clicks means they actually clicked to go to your website, to your landing page, whatever it may be. All right, perfect. Now that we have gone through everything related to the ad account, we're going to go ahead and set up a lead campaign together. So, first thing we want to do is we want to click on create. You're going to be presented with a couple different options. Keep in mind, this is the campaign. So, we're asking for the goal right now. You have awareness, which is good for getting views to some videos, things like that. I wouldn't usually use it. This is just basically for additional spend that you don't really care about. You want to invest into your branding. All right. Now that we've finished uh going through all the stuff related to the ads manager, the interface, the logic behind the ads, the next thing we're going to do is actually start creating a campaign. So, what you want to do is you want to go ahead and click create. You're going to be presented with a couple different items. So, I'm going to go through them one by one so you guys have a good understanding of what each one does. So, the first one you have is awareness, which is for video views. I wouldn't usually use this unless we actually were uh doing some sort of uh PR campaign. We wanted to push something to a local audience, things like that. I don't really recommend it. Traffic is going to get you a ton of clicks, but it's not going to convert them into customers. The only time I use traffic is when I'm sending people to an Instagram profile that we need to build a following and we have a sales sequence on the back end to reach out to every single follower. The next one is engagement. This one is decent for small businesses if you only can handle very few leads on a monthly basis and it's very cheap. And what's going to happen here is they're going to send you a message on Instagram or Facebook and you're going to conversate with them inside the messages. The next one is leads. Leads is obviously the best one for service-based businesses because it's when people give you their name, phone number, email, whatever it may be. The next one is app promotion. I wouldn't recommend this one at all. And then sales is for uh online e-commerce businesses, which is things like Shopify, drop shipping, whatever it may be. We're not going to dive into that either. So, what we're going to select is leads. So, as you guys see back here, we've selected our campaign goal. So, we know exactly what we need to do. Now, um the campaign itself does have a few options, but it's relatively a short page. It's only like really two questions. So, the first one is campaign budget or adset budget. Now, we do have to take a two-minute pause to actually explain what this is because it's very important that you guys understand this concept. So, campaign budget is what is referred to as CBO means Facebook decides where your budget goes for which audience. Now, means adset budget optimization, which means uh you decide where the ads where the budget goes. So, for example, let's say we're doing a CBO and you put the budget at $100 a day and you put the budget at $100 a day. Facebook could spend 30 on this one and it could spend 70 on this one if it sees that that is uh what needs to be done today. Now, realistically, does that mean that that is the correct answer? Maybe, maybe not. Because right now, if you're still launching a campaign from scratch, you don't know which one is better. you might uh be spending more money on this because the clicks are cheaper for a younger audience, but maybe the older audience is the one that's actually buying your stuff. So now you're burning 70% of the budget because you're getting cheap clicks that are not turning into customers when all your customers are right here and we're kind of neglecting them. So this is why I don't like starting with a CBO. I like starting with an that has an evenly broken out budget. So if our budget truly is $100 a day, you could do $50 a day time two or you could do $20 a day time 5 and that's five audiences we can test. Now the one thing that is important to note is whether you pick CBO or you can't decide which ad gets the spend. Meta will be doing that decision-m but you can control it by only having one ad per ad set. And this will force Meta to spend that $50 on that one uh ad, even though I don't recommend this structure whatsoever. So, the thing that I do recommend is giving it an even budget and splitting it. So, if I do truly have $100 a day to spend, I would do $20 a day times five. So, times five, I would have five different adsets. And that's exactly the setup that we're going to do today. So, what we're going to do is we're going to select adset budget. Now, there is a new option here which has share some of your budget with other adsets. I have seen this succeed as well as fail. So, I'm actually going to deselect it because I've seen more failures than success with this just for now. So, at the time you're watching this video around uh 2026, this feature is still not that great. It does work like it does spend some money on other adsets. Um but realistically, if you wanted to do that, you can just select campaign budget. Now, the next thing that is important to note is a special ad category. Don't try to go through loopholes and going around this. It's just going to get your account banned. So, if you're selling insurance, financial products, services, credit cards, uh long-term financing, whatever, hard money lending, you want to select financial products and services. If your ad is literally to hire people, you need to say employment. If you're advertising a real estate property, homeowners insurance, mortgage loans, whatever it may be, you need to select housing. For any political or social issues, it's the last one as well. But for the sake of this example, we're going to leave this blank. Now, what you want to do is you want to click next from here. So, now our campaign is done. Now, there is one more thing you could do, which is name it, which let's actually do that. Why not? So, let's call this prospecting because we're prospecting new customers. These are potential customers that have never seen our business before. And we're just going to click next. So, now on the campaign side, you are done. So, I'm going to get a big green check and we're going to do this. Boom. Campaign is done. And that's really all it is. It's it's uh people over complicate it for no reason when really that's all you need to do. So, let me go do this. All right. So, the conversion location is what happens when they click your ad. So, here you have two options. You can do multiple, which I don't recommend, or you can do a single. You can send them to a website, an instant form, a messenger, Instagram. You you can get them to call you. The only two that I recommend here are website and instant forms. Those are the ones that I've seen have be ROI positive if the ads are structured correctly. and the sales team is obviously taking care of the leads versus ignoring them. So, we're going to select single. Uh it might select website and instant form for you right off the bat. Uh but you want to select single and select either website or instant form. Now, for the sake of this example, since we're not going to install a pixel on a website, I'm going to have a video specific for that uh that maybe we can attach in the description or you can probably find it on my channel. Uh we're going to actually select instant forms. And for instant, you then want to select your page and you're going to get two options. You're going to either get you've accepted Meta's uh lead ads terms for this page or you're going to get a button that says uh accept terms and then you just click accept and then it's going to work perfectly. For performance goal, you're going to have a couple options here as well, which is maximize number of conversion leads or maximize number of leads. Now, this one is significantly better, which is maximize number of conversion leads. But if you've never ran ads before or you don't actually have an active CRM that you're updating very regularly, this one is going to be almost useless because Meta won't know which ones turned into a conversion. So I would say maximize number of leads is the best at the beginning. Now the cost per result goal, I typically tend to leave this blank because almost whenever you put anything, either Meta is going to overspend or underspend. So, what you can do is you can come back to this later down the line. If you're noticing that your CPL is fluctuating heavily and you'd rather not spend than lose a little bit of money on certain days, then you can put a cost per result goal of what you are willing to pay for the lead. Now, keep in mind if the market is paying more than the amount you put in here, then Facebook is just not going to spend money and you're not going to get any leads. So, a lot of times it's better to get some leads for an opportunity to close deals than not spending and not getting any leads. So, uh, this is why I keep it as blank at the beginning. The next one for value rules, you can just keep this as no. If you say show more options, you're going to get delivery type, which is going to be standard. You can't even edit this. For dynamic creative, I would keep this off. This means that the video or image is changing dynamically. And um, I like this off because I like to manually control what is being seen. Now, if you guys recall, we're going to do ABOS's for $20 a day. We're going to do five of them. So, we're going to start setting up the first one. So, it's going to be $20. So, the start date, you always want to put 11:59 p.m. of whatever day you're on because it's going to take Meta a little bit of time to approve the ads. Let's say you're working on this 3 p.m., 4 p.m., 6 p.m., whatever. It's going to take Meta maybe in 1 to two to three hours to approve the ads. Once the ads are approved, you don't want it to spend the entire $100 between 9:00 p.m. and midnight. You want to give it a full 24 hours. So, no matter what time you're launching the ads, always put it as 11:59. Whether you do this or not really is not that big of an impact. So, it's not that serious, but I just recommend doing it. So, in case that uh it can mess up the ads, you just want to avoid that entirely. End date is only relevant if you're running a short-term campaign. I'll give you guys an example of what this looks like. So, if you're running a Valentine's Day special, if you're running a holiday special, if you're running a Fourth of July special, you can set an end date so that the ads automatically shut off uh at a certain day and time. So, you can do a custom, you can pick the day, you can pick the time. We're going to we're going to keep this off for now. Now if you click uh additional settings you can have budget scheduling. Now what budgeting scheduling is uh is to schedule budget increases. So you can bid more uh based on how you guys are getting leads for a certain period of time. But again I don't recommend doing this not at the start. Now the main part of the adset is the actual audience. You have a couple different options here as well. And Meta is trying to keep it simple and simple over time and making it even less options that you can select. So right now as you open it, it's going to sh say advantage plus on. So this means that Meta is going to find your audience for you. This is good and bad at the same time. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. So it's like very hit or miss. So I would recommend using it for at least one of the adsets, which we're going to do. Uh but for the other ones, I do want to manually control them. So, you want to use this action right here, which says further limit the reach of your ads, which I know it sounds like it's not recommended, but this works significantly better in my experience. click on further the limit reach of your ads. And we're going to click continue. And then now you're going to have all the options available to you. So, option number one is the location. If you're a local business, you can put your address. So, let's say 5401 West Kennedy Boulevard. And we can select the address. This is our office in Tampa Bay. And you can go down to all the way down to a 1m radius or you can go all the way up to a 50 mile radius. Now, what you could do as well is you could drop a pin. So, I'm going to go ahead and make this uh let's call it 12 mi. You can drop a pin. You can drop a pin and you can get custom coordinates. Another option you can have is uh do a zip code. So, let's do uh 34685. That's a zip code in East Lake. And you can see that Meta is going to highlight that specific zip code. Another thing you could do as well is put a city or state. So, you can say Florida if you can target the entire state. And you can also do uh certain city. So, you can say like Tampa as a whole. You want to do Tampa, Florida. Boom. It will target everything here. Now, you're going to get an option that says reach more people likely to respond. will also reach people interested in your selected cities and region in those countries. Now, I want to deselect this every single time. And even though this is going to tell you it's going to lower your cost per result this and that, yes, it will. But the whole goal is not to get leads. It's to get sales. And if someone is interested in Tampa, but they live in California and I can only service the Tampa area, then there's no point, right? So, we always want to turn this off. When it comes down to age, uh 18 to 65 is usually fine. But what you could do is you could make this 25 minimum and instead of uh using this as a suggestion, I would also recommend turning it off. So depends what you're selling of course. So if you're selling something that is uh more catered towards a younger audience, you can do like for example 18 to 30 or 35. If you're doing something that is more catered towards older people, you can do 55 to 65 plus. 65 plus is the oldest age you can select on Facebook. And again, you want to shut off use as a suggestion because if it's using this as a suggestion, but it notices that the leads of younger people are cheaper, it's going to end up spending money there and you can't sell them. So, what's the point, right? So, think about this as like you are setting the the guard rails for Meta of what it can and cannot do. When it comes down to genders, I always keep it on all except if you're selling a very specific product. So, uh just to give you guys an example, one of my consulting clients is uh a very successful woman and she attracts a lot of uh women entrepreneurs and these are usually the people that are buying her products and services. So, we typically just target women on her account and we shut off use as a suggestion. So, as you guys can see, Meta is always prompting us to use everything as a suggestion. They want to push us towards being more broad and letting the AI find the people for us. Now, the next step is custom audiences. Custom audiences are things that you can create from pre-existing audiences. What I mean by this is when you click on create new custom audience, you're going to be presented with a couple different options. Website is if you already have tracking on your website and you have people signing up as leads on your website, visitors, whatever it may be, you could create an audience of people who have submitted a lead form or whatever it may be. And you can give this audience a name and you can get the retention to be longer. Another thing you could do is you can do Facebook page, Instagram accounts like people who followed, liked, engaged. You can even do a customer list. So exporting your customer list and feeding this data to Meta so it does a better job. Lead forms is another example that you could use. So people that filled out the form. So let's do this. I'll show you guys what that means. So people who opened this form, people who opened but didn't submit the form. People who opened and submitted the form. As you guys can imagine, people who opened but didn't submit the form might be good potential clients. So, what we're going to go ahead and do is we're going to click back, and we're just going to not use this for now, but this is uh something that I'll be filming a specific video about that I'll also leave in the description. And once you have a custom audience, you can build a lookike off of that custom audience, which means telling Facebook, "Hey, go get me more customers that look like these people." All right, perfect. The next one is detail targeting. This one is the most common way of targeting uh certain things. This is interestbased targeting. So if you're advertising a dog related product, you can click on dog health or golden retriever or dog toy or dog grooming. Just type in what your business does and then Facebook is going to give you a lot of suggestions. So I'm going to show you guys an example. So we're going to type in roofing and uh roofing contractor and people are interested in roofing contractor. Now if I click on this, it's going to give me a bunch of suggestions of good interest that I could utilize. Right now, keep in mind you're reading the section on the right because this says employers, this says job titles, this says interest. You always want to go with interests. And uh as an example, I'll try another niche. So, let's talk about insurance. So, you're going to get people interested in insurance, people interested in life insurance, people interested in car insurance, insurance policy, home insurance, travel insurance. You're going to get so many good interests specific to your business. So, like let's say we want to do travel insurance. So, where is it? um travel insurance. If we select this one, we're going to get things related to travel insurance. So, general insurance, you can get some that are not directly correlated. Um but you're going to get something like frequent international travelers, you're going to get frequent travelers, travel websites, adventure travel, you're going to get things related to that one. So, as long as you select one, you're going to get a ton of very, very good interests for that audience. And for languages, I usually leave it blank, but if you'd like, you can put English all, or if you're running ads in specific languages, like Spanish. You could always uh select Spanish all or Spanish Spain. And uh that's pretty much it on a custom setup. Typically, for the name of the adset, I like to name it whatever I did here. So, we're going to do, for example, we're going to call this one broad because we don't have anything specific. And we have 55 plus is the age group. And we are doing uh Tampa with a specific radius. So we can say like uh 15 mile radius. And uh people like to name these uh adsets and ads in different ways. I like to use a dash. A lot of people like to use uh this dash right here kind of separating them this way. Uh it is up to you completely. I personally prefer the side dash. Um and the last thing you want to see when it comes to uh your adset is your placement. You guys recall when I talked about uh the breakdown, you want to see if Facebook or Instagram is performing better, if stories or feed is performing better. You can do this here. Not only can you edit the platforms, you can edit the devices. You can do mobile and desktop. You can do mobile devices, Android devices only, iOS devices only. Um you can do the placements which is you can break it down into feeds. So you have Facebook feed, Facebook profile feed, Instagram feed, Facebook marketplace, Facebook right column, Instagram explore page. There's so many different ones that you can select. Typically for this, I like to keep it uh broad. I like to keep Advantage Plus open and let Facebook as AI find for me the customers that are looking for my product or service. And then what I would do with this information is I would then go to breakdowns and then make these optimizations later down the line. Now, that's pretty much it on the target audience. So, we're going to go back here. We're going to grab this check mark and we are going to say we are done with the And now we're going to start creating the ads. So what you want to do is first things first, you want to call this ad one. I always want to call the ads with the number that they're coming from. And then we can do we can do uh this and say something along the lines of uh image one. So if you're using images versus videos and you want to see what works better for your business, then I would uh definitely put it on here. And then for the ad setup, we have two options here. Uh the third one is kind of irrelevant. Don't use this. So creating an ad is a post that is ran as an ad that doesn't actually publish on your account publicly. Okay. So if you're you want your profile to be uh very uh centered around your business, but you have like a special offer that you don't want all your followers to know about. All right. So now when we want to scroll down, we're going to see ad setup. You're going to be given uh two options here. The third one is pretty much irrelevant, which is you don't want to use creative hub mockup. You're going to have the option of create ad or use existing post. Create ad is very simple. It means you're creating the ad inside the ads manager and is not a post that already exists on your account. Typically, when you use create ad, um it's not going to post it to your account. It's going to be basically just in your ad account. Means people are going to see this post. They can click on your profile and go to your account, but they're not going to see the ad inside your account. Now, you can use existing post, which is a post that already exists in your account, and it's a completely different structure, which I'll show you guys how to create an ad, because using an existing post is not typically what you want to do, unless you're driving engagement to a post that is already on your profile. You can do a single image or video, which is 99% what I do. A carousel is more like a swipe through ad, means it has a bunch of different images and uh you can add a bunch of different cards and then you can swipe through them. So, what we're going to do is we're going to do a single image or video. And for multi-advertiser ads, I usually turn this off. What this means is at the end of your ad, Facebook is going to show them your competitors, but also in exchange at the end of your competitor's ads, Facebook's going to show you too. Typically, I just like to avoid this competition and just turn this off entirely. The next one you're going to see, the next thing you're going to see is destination. And this is where they go. Remember where we selected here, instant forms, that means instant forms is happening on meta. So Meta is going to allow you to create the form on platform. So we're going to click create form. I'm going to show you exactly what are the options here. So here you're going to name the form. So we're going to call this test form. And you're going to have the option for more volume, higher intent, require leads to verify their phone number, which is what we call OTP. This will guarantee that all the phone numbers you get are valid. Rich creative, which allows you to build like a baby landing page on Meadow. Uh it's good, but I don't see the value in the additional cost. So typically I either go for more volume or higher intent with this box checked. Higher intent without this box checked is kind of useless. So I would always either do OTP or more volume. For the sake of this example, we're going to do more volume. And for uh flexible form delivery, you want to do optimized. Then you're going to click next. This right here is the greeting page. You can turn it off, but I highly recommend you keep it. Here you want to reiterate what you talked about in the ad. So for the ad, we are going to use an example of a roofing ad. Let's just do use that as an example. So the headline for this is uh claim your uh roof special today. And then the paragraph is going to be either uh something along the lines of uh please answer a few questions to know if you qualify dot dot dot. And then you can also do this as a list. A list will be a bunch of different things. You can have it like this and it will be basically a list and they can click on show more and then see the rest of them. Now we're going to go in paragraph and we're going to put this back again. Then you want to click next. Uh now here's where the questions come into play. You do have conditional logic if you want to disqualify certain people after they answer a certain question in a way that you cannot help them. But we're going to keep this off for the time being because at the beginning you don't want to ask too much of meta. We're already asking a lot. So, you want to keep this as minimal as possible. For the questions, you have four options. I don't usually use appointment request. I usually use multiple choice, short answer, or conditional. Multiple choice and short answer are the simplest ones for beginners. If you use conditional, it might get a little too complex because you might have to upload a spreadsheet with the conditions that you wanted to do. So, we're going to do multiple choice. Question number one, for a roof, let's do something as an example. Are you a uh Actually, we're not going to do are you. We're going to say, is the property residential or commercial? And I'm actually not going to title case this. We're going to keep this regular. And then we're going to basically just grab residential, put it on here as option one, and commercial as option two. Now, we're going to add another qualifying question. This one, I want to do a short answer. I want to do something along the lines of how old is the current roof. Minimum characters. You can just keep this blank. Doesn't really matter. And then you can also uh move the questions in order. So the uh Facebook form is always going to start with a multiple choice and then moves on to the short answers and then moves on to the personal information. Now think about it like this. You could ask how old is your current roof in a multiple choice format. We could we could even try it here. So, let's just grab this text and we can do uh brand new. We can do 1 to 5 years and then we can do plus and we can do 5 to 10 years and we can do 10 to 20 years and then the last option would be something along the lines of 20 years plus. So, why if we can make it a multiple choice and make it easy for the customer would we want to ask them a short form question short answer question? It's simply because we want to add friction. Friction is the concept of making it more difficult for someone to give you their information, which is going to make them a little bit more committed to talk to you. So, in a sense, if they manually type in the number, it's very different than just clicking a button. And typically, I wouldn't ask something like this that is a single click as a short answer. I would come up with something a little bit more creative. So, something along the lines of why uh why are you looking for a new question mark? So, their answer could be something along the lines of, "My roof is too old." It could also be like, "My roof is leaking." Their answer could be like, "Uh, my house got hit by a hurricane. I don't even have a roof." Right? So, there's so many different things that can go into play when it comes to the short answer. And, uh, we're actually going to keep these. I like these three qualifying questions. Uh, right now, just going to review, make sure that the formatting is good. All right, we're have the titles, the the title case, right? We have the good questions and we have a short form question. For the description, you can always say who do we contact regarding this question mark. And then typically I like to reorder them. I like full name to always be first, phone number to be second. If it's checked on for optional, make sure to check it off. And then same thing for the email. Now majority of times you don't need uh sorry, you want to ask for the emails. But I have seen people run successful campaigns without asking for email. So if you don't really care about their email and your entire business is over the phone, uh then I would ask for only phone number. But I highly recommend you keep the email just for data purposes. Now uh you can ask additional things. So like street address, city, state, zip code. You can ask for uh date of birth, gender, whatever it may be. Some of these might be redacted for you like you won't be able to see them if you are in a special ad category. Okay, so for now we're just going to put these three and uh call it a day. The next one is the privacy policy. So now it's actually optional, which is crazy. So uh you can either shut this off or put in a privacy policy specific to your business. It's probably like your URL.com/privacy-picoly. If you don't have that, I highly recommend it. Uh just avoid any issues with contacting people, etc. So we're going to turn it off for the sake of this example. Then you want to click next. And then the ending is where people finish the form. You have a couple options here as well. They can view a file like download like a free PDF. They can go to your website, they can call your business, or they can chat with you on WhatsApp. I only use really go to website as well as call business. Call business is literally going to they're going to click this button and they're going to be able to call you in. And then go to website is where you could send them to an alternative link, whatever it may be. Now, most people make the mistake of saying something along the lines of thanks, you're all set, and then putting their homepage of the website here. That's like zero guidance. There is a rule on the internet that um if someone consumes your content for seven hours, if they can afford it, they're going to buy it. So, think about it like this. If your customer is jumping from one place to another, getting a bunch of quotes from a bunch of different people, then in that case, what you could do is say something along the lines of, "Congratulations in all caps, you qualify." But then we were going to say something along the lines of, "In order to claim your offer before it expires in 10 minutes, call the number below to schedule an inperson appointment." And that is going to prompt people to actually click the button and actually call your business. Now what you could do is instead of congratulations, you qualify, there is an alternative angle. You guys remember when I mentioned there is like towards the positive and away from the negative. So congratulations, you qualify towards the positive. There is a version of this that says wait, you're almost done and you can say in order to claim your offer before it expires uh in 10 minutes, call the number below to schedule an imp inerson appointment. And that is away from the negative, right? So uh they don't want the offer to expire, so they're going to call the number. And then you can put the number in here. And then you can obviously change the call to action as well. I like to keep it as call now uh or change it to call here. And then a third option is to actually put the number. So like let's say uh this is their number. Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. All right. So let's say that that could be an example. Especially if you're running local ads, I recommend you use this one because if they if your phone number is local to them as well, it's going to prompt them to call you because they're going to feel like you're close to them. It's very easy to get in contact with you, whatever it may be. Now the next option you have is go to website. When it comes down to go to website, you also want to follow the same guidelines of making sure that they are uh doing something after the form. So for website, you can put your link here myite.com slash you want to send them somewhere. So case-studies or whatever whatever the case studies are on your website, your Google reviews, whatever it may be, you want them to consume content. If you're filming videos and posting them on YouTube, you want to put the link to your YouTube video so they can keep watching and educating themselves. So now, make sure if you use go to website, don't use the call to action as a phone number. You can say something along the lines of uh click here to see our case studies. And instead of wait, you're almost done. You can use something along the lines of uh congrats, you qualify, click the link below to um see our case studies or whatever it may be. So for now, we're going to just uh X out of this. I already have a form created, but all you would do here is create the form. If you get an error, it's going to show you which one of the steps is the error. So, I would just fix that. And then you should be good to go. So, I do have a testing form here that we can just utilize. And then the last thing when it comes to the ad is the one thing that matters more than anything else, which is setting up the creative. So, we're going to do let's say an image ad. This is a roofing ad. You're going to click next. For story format, you can't create story specific ones and then replace them with it. You can just click upload and then upload the files that you need. And then uh at the end uh hold on, let me just go back. Add image. We're going to use this. You want to make sure that it's not actually cropping. It's super weird where it's not visible. Like if it did this, like this is irrelevant, right? So, we want to always make sure that these are all on original. You want to click next. Your primary text is what shows up above your ad on Facebook and under your ad on Instagram. Headline and description only shows up on Facebook, but these are happening under the ad. And then the call to action is the button that they click. I like to use learn more. And for primary text, I'm just going to copy these just to show you guys what they look like. And then um we are going to um create them together as well. All right. Next. Uh here you don't want to select any of these. You want to skip this. You click next. And then for the enhancements, for some reason I've noticed better results by shutting off everything on here. So you want to shut these off. You don't want like random music playing behind your images, things like that. So we're going to click done. And then boom, we have our ad. And as you guys can see, I'm going to try to zoom in here. You guys can see this is a Facebook ad and this is an Instagram ad. So the primary text on Instagram is under the the image and the primary text on meta is above the image and the headline is right here and the description is right under it. So what we when we write copy we want to make sure that we are utilizing all of these assets to actually give the person a good understanding of what it is that we're going to be doing. Now, I'm going to make uh videos specific to creating the images and videos specific to using AI to come up with the primary text, headline, and description um uh for for this channel. However, if you're interested in diving a little bit deeper into these things and you want access to them early, I do have uh Click the Client, which is my program. Uh I go through everything A through Z uh Facebook, Google automations on your CRM, Zapier, connecting your Facebook to your CRM and other assets as well as using AI for writing copy, using AI for creating images, videos, voice, um UGC content as well as creating funnels on the back end. So if that sounds interesting, it's uh I think the first or the second link in the description so you guys can check it out. It's called Click to Client. Um but for the time being, we are going to write some primary text on here. So, what we're going to do is something along the lines of the following. So, we're going to do a uh limited time uh special and we're going to go to the here and we're going to say get a brand new roof for only $97 per month. And then we're going to go on to uh we're going to do a short form copy. We're going to do something along the lines of click learn more to see if you qualify. All right, perfect. Now, you could add like a cool like alert emoji here behind it and you could also we're going to add an exclamation mark here at the end. Now, for short copy, you want to make sure that it is completely fitting within these three lines because let's say uh we said something a little bit longer and we said limited time special, get a brand new roof for only x amount per month. We have been in business for 25 plus years. This is going to create that see more button. So, I'm going to zoom in so you guys can see what I'm talking about. You guys can see it has like the see more button. You don't want this if you're using short copy. If you're using long copy and it's a very very long copy, then we we're okay with having the see more button because we're getting more value out of them actually clicking see more. But in this situation, we're not getting that much more value out of them clicking see more. So, what I would do in this situation is I would just get rid of this because all we care about is short form copy here. And keep in mind, a lot of people underestimate the power of short form copy. And a lot of people think you need long- form copy in order to get results. I've actually spent a lot more money on ads on short form copy because it's very straight to the point. And if your ad is good, you don't need to over complicate your copy. Now, Meta is going to try to turn these on for you. I personally don't like advantage plus creative text generation, so I turn them off. And uh same thing for the headline. It's going to be the same concept. I get rid of these as well. For the headline, we're going to do something along the lines of uh claim your offer today. And the same thing you want to happen here. You don't want it to go to the second line. Uh so like let's say uh free. Let's see if it goes. Yeah. Okay. So you don't want it to do the following. Whatever you write, you want it to stay on the same line. Okay. because once it goes on to the next line, it starts to mess up the formatting and the structure of your ads based on which uh platform they're on, b on based on which device a person is on, etc. So, I would recommend you just keep it simple. And as long as it looks good here, it's going to look good everywhere. For the description here, I either leave it blank or I'm going to write limited time offer in all caps, it's going to show up nice right under uh this. So, we're going to keep it for now, but you can also keep this blank. Most of the time I do keep it blank because most offers are really not limited time even though you can say that it is. Now that's pretty much it. That's how you set up an ad. But you guys remember what we did here. We're going to check off this. But we also have the rest of the structure to build. So we have these three as well as this one right here. And if you guys remember, we have five adsets, not two, that we're going to be creating. So what we're going to do here is we're going to click on the three dots and we're going to click on quickly duplicate. Now, once this is quickly duplicated, we're going to do is add two, image two, and we are going to go down. And we only want to change one thing. This is super important. If you change more than one thing, you're going to not know why that something worked versus didn't. So, like here, if I change the image and I change the primary text and I change the headline and it starts to work, well, that's great, but I'm not going to know why it's working. So, it takes us back to running the ads blind, which is not the objective. The objective is to to run the ads with clear transparency of what is going on so you can make decisions that actually make sense. And honestly, most of the time it's common sense. If you're spending $100 on one thing and $100 on something else and the one the first one is getting you uh cheaper leads and more sales than the second one, you're probably going to shut off the second one. It's really not that complicated. So, when it comes down to this part right here, make sure you're only changing one thing at a time. So in this situation, what we're going to do is we're going to be changing the image. So we're going to click on add image. We're going to click upload and we're going to select another roofing related image. So let me see what else I have on this computer. I think this is a roofing image as well. That's an example. Let me see. All right. Perfect. Original. We're going to use this. We're going to do the same thing. We're going to turn off all of these. Turn off. Turn off. Turn off. Off. And off. Perfect. We're going to click done. So now we have ad one and ad two. So the way you want to do things is you want to build one one campaign, one ad set, one ad, and then you want to build another ad, which we just did. And you guys saw how much faster that was. And now we're going to duplicate this entire setup. We're going to duplicate this entire setup and start making a singular change just like we did on the ad but on the adset level. So to go back to this, now that this is done, we can just click on this and click duplicate for this. And since we're using five different adsets at $20 a day, I'm going to do four different copies of the adset level. So now we're going to have a total of five. We're going to have the original one and we're going to have four brand new ones. Now, if each one of these is spending $20 a day, well, we're averaging $100 a day. And that's exactly what we want to do. Now, this is going to say you'll spend an average of $20 per day. Your maximum daily spend is 35 and your maximum weekly spend is 140. Don't worry about this that much. This is probably never going to happen. I think this is just like a security thing that Meta has in case the AI spends a little bit more, but I have almost never seen it spend more than it's supposed to. So maybe by a couple cents, but nothing major. So what we're going to do with these alternative adsets is we're going to do one change again. So here, what we're going to be doing is the detail targeting. So here, since we did roofing, I'm going to click on roofing and I'm going to click on roofing contractor websites. So, we're going to do this one and we're going to copy this and we're going to put it here instead of broad. And then I'm going to get rid of the copy at the end, which tells me that this one is now done. So now we also just finished the second one. And we have the ads in there because we did it smart at the beginning. We did this diagonal and then we went wide. Instead of having created a bunch of different adsets and then you have to go into every single one and modify the ads, these ads are already good. We don't have to do anything. So, if I go to add one, it's already done. If I go to add two, it's already done. And that's the beauty of setting it up this way. It's going to save you a ton of time. Now, the only thing left to do is to wrap up these three. And now, we're going to go ahead and do that. So, we're going to click on this. We're going to go down here. We're going to go to all demographics. We're going to go to detail targeting. I'm going to click on roofing again. And now, uh, I don't like any of these other ones very much. So, we're going to click on roofing contractor, which we selected here. So, we're not going to use this one. But I want to know what Facebook recommends for this. So home home repair could be a good one. So we're going to select home repair. I'm going to select this. I'm going to X out of this and I'm going to copy home repair because we're going to add it to the adset name. And the last thing is just get getting rid of copy. So we know that this has been completed. The next one is also broad. So here I'm going to take uh roofing. Again we're going to select roofing contractor. I'm going to copy this. I'm going to see what other things Facebook recommends. Renovation construction. I think that's good. We're going to X out of roofing contractor. Grab renovation. Put it in the adset name. And uh that is almost done. We're almost done. All right. Now, we only have one more ad set to go. So, we're going to scroll down. We're going to click on roofing. And uh we're going to do the same exact thing again. We're going to roofing contractor. We're going to select this. We're going to look for an interest that we like. And we're going to make sure that this says interests, not something else. And we're going to do home repair. We already did home repair. Let's see what else we have. Domestic roof construction. I don't even know if this is a good interest or not. I haven't seen it before to be honest. So, we're going to just select this. It has a 36 to 42 million audience size. So, I think that's good. And I'm going to paste this here. And we're going to get rid of copy. Now, what you want to do, you definitely don't want to discard the drafts. So, you want to go ahead and click publish. But before we do that, let's review everything. So, we have a campaign. It's prospecting, which is great. We have five target audiences spending $20 a day. So, that's $100 a day, which is perfect. And then we have two ads in each. So, if we have two ads times five, we have 10 ads, which is perfect. And that is exactly what we want. The next step is super simple. You click on review and publish. And you click publish. And that's it. You're pretty much done. And that's pretty much it. So, now you officially know how to set up an ad from start to finish. and you understand everything inside the ads manager. So, if you take anything away from this video, it's this. Facebook ads aren't about clicking the right buttons. They're about understanding how the system thinks and feeding it the right signals. Once you understand that, everything else gets easier. So, if you found this video helpful and you want more videos like this where I break down meta ads the right way, hit that subscribe button and I'll see you guys on the next video. And if you guys want additional help beyond just meta, what I'm talking about is funnels, automations, and building an ecosystem around these ads, then click one of the first two links in the description. One of them is to work with me one-on-one, and the second one is to go through and actually see my entire click to client ecosystem that I filmed a free training about. So, that's pretty much it. I'll see you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SirToxicOfficial [2 likes]: LETS GOOO been waiting for this one!
  2. @eliudlusega5253 [1 likes]: Thank you for the great Facebook Ads lessons
  3. @Rojulah.101: Thank you so much
  4. @nellafrei: You do the best lead gen videos on YT. Thank you soooo much for your content 🙏 And btw. I got a recommendation for chat GPT. 👌
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: Facebook is just another way to advertise really... the magic is knowing how to come up with a working offer, and surrounding ad copy.  If you can get that to work, it will work on many many platforms (even outside Facebook).

- The Best Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026 (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Once Meta dropped their Andromeda update, I saw hundreds of comments of people reporting that their return on ad spends dropped from really high three, six, even 10, all the way down to barely breaking even. And even though tens of thousands of advertisers spending hundreds of millions of dollars in Facebook ads have freaked out, the truth is is that this is just another time when you need to adapt. If you do, you can gain a massive advantage over all of your competition. And this is exactly what we've done over the past few months. Like this brand that drove $108,000 in revenue in just seven days. Or like this Shopify store that grew 141% quarter over quarter during the exact time that Andromeda was released. So to help you get back on track and start this year off with a bang, I'm going to share everything that you need to do to get your ad account in the best possible position for 2026. So to kick things off, a good lay of the land is what did Facebook used to look like and what does it look like now? Before Andromeda, what would happen is we would select our audience and then we'd make a bunch of creative for that audience. And ideally what we would do is we would spend as much as possible against an audience that worked for us with a creative that worked. Then Andromeda releases and we move to a space where the concept actually creates the audience for us. So our objective goes from a place where we want to select our audience and select our creative to match to the concept automatically being matched to the audience. So people have said things like creative is the targeting which is true but the important part that you need to understand is it's not as simple as just uploading your ads. You need to have a system in place to develop as many great concepts as possible cuz what you want to happen over time is you want to create a bunch of different concepts in your account. Ideally each of these concepts convert at different rates. For example, concept number one might only spend 10% of your budget, but do so at a 5x return on ad spend. Concept number two might spend 90% of your budget, but do so at a 2x. And I could obviously go down the list here, but in old school Facebook, you would push all of your spend to the first concept here. New school Facebook post Andromeda, we like both concept A and concept B because each of these concepts is above our target, which I'm assuming is a 2x return on ad spend for this example. So, if you are just starting, this is your very first day running ads, and you're like, "What the heck do I do? I just entered Facebook ads, and this thing looks like I'm the captain of a ship. There's so many buttons, I don't know what to click." I'm going to keep this really simple. For day one of running ads, all I would like to create, if it was my first day running ads, is a single prospecting campaign with three ad sets. I have never said this before, if you've been watching my videos for the last three plus years, you've never heard me say this. This is something I've pushed more so than ever before because I've seen it be successful. The first ad set that you want to create is a pure 100% broad ad set. The other two adets are interestbased adsets. What I've seen most recently with Andromeda is that the pixel takes a little bit longer to learn, but once it learns, it runs. What I like to do is I like to give it two interest groups that are most applicable to my business. Whatever your category is, find the most niche slash smallest brand that you could possibly target in Facebook ads and run with that as your first interest group. Your second interest group, you could literally do the same thing. All we're trying to do with these two interest groups is guide the algorithm so that over time our broad audience, which is by far our most important thing, is starting to get more and more spend against the right people. So, what this will look like in your ad account is you'll have a prospecting CBO campaign. You'll have your broad pack one with all of your creatives grouped in together. And then you'll have a few interest groups. At the campaign level, we're using campaign budget always all the time. We're always using highest volume or value when we're just starting. And we're setting up our audience segment reporting. If you do not have these set up, make sure you include your engaged audiences, which are your 30-day site visitors, your 90-day ad to carts, and your existing customers, which are lists of your entire customer base. Inside of our broad pack, our conversion location is always website. Our performance goal is always maximize number of conversions. And our conversion event is always purchase. Don't fall for add to carts. Don't fall for initiate checkouts. You need to use the purchase events. Otherwise, you're literally telling Facebook you want to do something that is not actually the end goal. And scrolling down to the audience section for your broad pack of your very first day of running ads. Then yeah, you're going 100% broad. It should say advantage plus on. There should be no exclusions in place. and you should just let this rip. We're going to put all our placements on, letting Facebook do its thing as much as possible. The interest group is going to be a little bit different. Every setting up top is exactly the same, except when we scroll down to the audience section. In the audience section, we're going to select our exact single detailed targeting. And I have something here that we're going to get to a little bit down the line when we start excluding customers. But you can leave your exclusions completely open if it's your first day of running ads. And just like before, our placements stay wide open. Now, your goal here, if it's your first day, is just get your ads in. Look at what ads are working the best and go ahead and make more of them. It also would be a really good move here to look at your competitors, look at what they're doing, and try to copy with your own flare of what they're doing the best. Moving on to the state of under $3,000. The big difference here in this stage is that we're basically running our prospecting exactly the same. There's no significant change in our prospecting. You can keep your interest. You could also delete your interest if you want to. And as you can see down here in my under 3K section, I've added an existing customer bucket. That existing customer bucket is a new campaign that I am specifically and only targeting all of my existing customers. The reason for this is Facebook has a tendency to overspend on your existing customers. And we want to break that out as early as possible. We want prospecting to truly be new acquisition and we want existing customers to truly be a retention effort. The way that we do this is really simple. Again, we're keeping our prospecting basically the same. If those interests are working, keep them. If they're not working and the broad's doing most of the work, cut the interest and just keep the broad. So, really, we're just creating our retention campaign here. And the only thing we really need to focus on is inside of the ad set. Everything stays exactly the same, same settings we went over before, except our audience. In our audience, we have to do two very important things. First, we have to include an audience. So, make sure you include your purchasers over the last 180 days. And if you have an alltime list from like Clavio or something, get that in here as well. Do not select this button right here that says use as a suggestion. If you do select this, Facebook is allowed to go beyond your list, which is not what you want at all. You want this to very clearly be a retention effort just against your purchasers. So unselect this. And then there's going to be an option that says further limit the reach of your ads. And let me show you what this looks like. So right here, this is what it will look like if you don't click further limit the reach of your ads. You want to click further limit the reach and then again further limit the reach. Click continue. It's a big roadblock there. When you do this, you then have to go back into your inclusion and unselect use as a suggestion. If you don't do this, Facebook is technically just treating this as a source and then it's going to expand beyond it. That's not what we want to do here. Now, during this phase of around $3,000, your objective remains the same. All you really want to do is take your best creatives and make more of them and then take iterations of those best creatives and continue to again produce more. Once we get beyond $3,000, beyond a hundred bucks a day, it's time to introduce the pack system. Now, the pack system is one of the most important systems that you could possibly integrate into your account because it a keeps you organized and b works with the algorithm so that you have a mix of control plus allowing the CBO to actually do its work. So, what I have on my screen probably looks like a monster. However, it's actually really simple and this system builds with you over time. We have some accounts that have 70 packs that are either active or were active at one point. So, how this works is every time you launch new creatives, you launch a new pack. For example, if I had four new creatives, whether they were all statics, all videos, even if they were catalog, I would throw them into a new ad set every single time. What's really happening here is we're not resetting the learnings at the campaign level, and we're not resetting learnings or interfering with anything at the ad level. All we're doing is introducing all new things that are starting from scratch. And if Facebook thinks that these ads within this new pack are good, it's going to start to spend money against this pack. So between $3 to $10,000, as we were just addressing, this is the first introduction of the pack system. You ideally want to launch all broad packs and you take your best winners and you graduate those into interest groups. What this looks like in practice is you're taking your first broad pack, you're literally creating pack number two with the exact same settings and getting your next round of creative. The idea here is that as you build your account, you get more and more and more creatives. Yes, you're going to have a larger amount of adsets. You're going to have a big campaign in here, but you have a hyper competitive environment. And that means that Facebook will determine where to spend your money. If this adset's doing better, more money is going to go to this adset. If it starts to fatigue, which is going to happen, then that cash is actually going to go down to a different high-erforming pack. So, we actually create almost a flywheel within our prospecting campaign that actually prevents us from making manual intervention by pausing ads. And it also helps us because as things fatigue, it's going to redistribute that spend to other high performing places. And again, in that 3 to 10k range, we're looking at a prospecting and an existing customer campaign. Really, at this point, you've learned some things. You've spent some money. If you've been running ads for a longer period of time, then you've really learned some things. You've really spent some money. So if something worked, for example, like interest when you first started out, just like I said in the under 3K mark, don't be scared to keep that in your 3 to 10k mark. And now the part that everyone including myself starts to really geek out about. We're going to introduce our scaling mechanism. So the way that this really works is your top performing ads get graduated into what I call the winners's bucket. This bucket is imaginary. It doesn't mean anything. Just think of it as the holding ground for all your best ads. What we do with those winners is two things. First, we graduate them down below into our interest groups. The reason we graduate these into our interest groups is because now creative isn't the variable for if an interest is successful. Interest groups need to be tested for the interest, not for the creative. If I put different creative in every single interest group, we wouldn't know if the creative is the reason the interest is doing well or if the interest targeting is the reason it's doing well. After we graduate into the interest, we graduate into what I call an ASC scale campaign. Now, ASC is kind of old school Facebook. Call it what you want. This is just my old brain doing this for so long calling it an ASC. It's really just a 100% broad campaign. So, in my actual account, I literally call this scale. I call the one ad set scale and I throw all my ads in here. This campaign doesn't do anything magical. All this does is guarantee that I could spend more money against my top performing ads within this adset. Just like before, we're excluding all of our existing customers. We want this to very specifically just target net new acquisition. Now, during this 10 to 30k range, I call this the messy middle. This is the spot that most brands get stuck. This is both a mental trap and actually a roadblock that is real. The mental trap part of this is that most brands can't physically get over the hump of spending more than $1,000 per day. It feels like a big hit to their bottom line, and it is. It's a lot of money that you're spending. The real roadblock here is that you begin to overspend just like before on existing and engaged audiences. The objective of all paid advertising is to get new customers to your website. Everything you do after that, like delivering really good value of your product, email campaigns, SMS campaigns, engaging with your customers on social media, that's how you keep existing customers coming back over and over. And of course, we have an ad effort to do that just a little bit. But people that are pure prospects, they've never even heard of you before. maybe they've seen one or two ads like the post something really small. That's the focus of Facebook. So, what I would urge everyone to do in this 10 to 30k range is make sure that the roadblock that you're actually facing is a real roadblock and make sure you're spending as much money as possible on new customer acquisition and you're not overspending on existing and engaged, which you can see easily in your audience segments. I will also take this moment to say that at the Moonlighters, we work with brands in this range. So, as long as you're spending $20,000 per month and you're in the 1 to10 million revenue mark, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to see if you're a fit to work with us. Worst case, you talk to someone on my team for 10 minutes, you don't like us, and you come back and you get your free value right here. Best case, you're a client like the hundreds that we have worked with successfully scaling their businesses profitably. Once we get beyond 30K, you're going to see really quickly that things get big. Your account's going to start growing. you're spending a,000, $2,000, $3,000 a day. Things are moving quickly and things become more fluid. What I mean by fluid is in this stage, you'll tend to see budgets go up and down in very large degrees very quickly. You can go from spending $1,000 a day to $3 or $4,000 a day if things are going right and then right back down to a,000 or $2,000 a day when it's time to appropriately pull back. Now, during this period, we have the same prospecting CBO system as before. Everything else is maintaining exactly the same in this prospecting campaign. We have our scale. Now these two red brackets represent our new customer acquisition. We then have our existing customer effort which is going to represent retention. And then finally we have the new addition of retargeting. Now retargeting here is going to be very very important as we continue to grow. And the reason I add retargeting in here is specifically because we start to see the overspending in prospecting in the scaling campaign happen more so at this 30k plus range than ever. What I would advise most brands to do at this stage is to add add to cart plus site retargeting. What that usually means is add to cart 90 days and site visitors 30 days. I would generally match this with my engaged audiences that I had previously set up. And there's something really important that you need to know in this stage because as you start to spend more money, you're going to run into a CBO roadblock. The classic CBO roadblock that I know a lot of advertisers have run into is that one ad set gets the majority of the spend and then your new adsets don't have any opportunity to actually spend and be tested. So the way that we solve this is in our adsets, we scroll down to our budget and schedule setting and then we click adset spending limits. When you click adset spending limits, change this from use percentage to use dollar value and set your daily minimum to one time your target cost per acquisition. If your target CPA is 50 bucks, you put 50 bucks here. So, I'd mark my daily minimum as $50. And I would let this run for no greater than 7 days. There's a maximum of 7 days. And here's how you need to think about it. If the spend on this adset is above $50 every day after I set the minimum, then you could safely remove this adset spending limit and it's going to spend more than the $50 you have set. That's easy. If it's exactly at the $50 minimum, then you'll also know unfortunately that this is not a scalable adset and you could again remove the minimum. The only odd case where you can keep this minimum is if it's driving a high return on ad spend for you and it's not spending more than your minimum that you set. For example, if I set 50 and my target was two, but I was getting a four return on ad spend, then I would keep this. In fact, I'd probably be a little crafty here and increase that 50 up to 100 bucks or even greater to force some more spend on this ad set. And now for the big time spenders. We're talking $100,000 plus. I know by many people's standards, $100,000 is actually not too much to spend in ads, but other folks will look at 100K and think that is astronomically larger than I could ever imagine. Think about it like this. If you went from 3,000 to 6,000, would you really think that is huge? Probably not. But if you went from 100 to 200 or even 300, that feels really big because the actual number of dollars in and out is significantly greater. But in percentages, which is what a lot of this needs to be dealt with, you're not actually scaling too much. So when I say 100K plus, I truly mean well beyond 100. Now, the crazy part here is you probably notice from 30 to 100, we have generally the same setup, but there's a few nuances that need to be addressed. At this point, you have a lot of creative flowing in. And I like to use a rule for how much creative you actually need to be uploading into your ad account to grow it. My best piece of advice is to use the rule of 10,000. For every $10,000 you spend per month in advertising, you need to upload that many ads per week. For example, if you spend $100,000, you should upload 10 ads per week. If you spend $500,000, you should upload 50 ads per week. And no, that doesn't include size variance. That doesn't include little tiny iterations. I'm talking about different ads. This sounds crazy cuz it is crazy. It's hard. It's very hard to do. And even though we're working in the same system that we were at 30K, things naturally get bigger. You run a sale, you have a different campaign that needs to stay on, you have different parts of your business that are active. So don't think that just because I'm saying these are the four campaigns, it's all said and done. That's not necessarily true. Usually, most of the brands that we're working with have significantly greater and larger ad accounts because in time we find different things that work. And just like I said at the beginning of this video, we never shut something down that's actively working. Now, when you get to 100K plus, really beyond this, you have to start to factor in some other pieces. First, I really like to involve cost caps at this stage. I think cost caps, bid caps, or even target rorowaz is a fantastic way to sustain your return on ad spend or your cost per acquisition. and let spend be a little bit more variable. This is very important. Next is it's a good opportunity to implement things like day parting and week parting. You likely can very easily see which days of the week perform better for your business. So spend more money on those days. In fact, go into your Shopify right now, find those days and figure out, are you spending more on your better performing days? If not, this is one of the easiest things you can do to get 10 even 20% better performance without touching a thing. And finally, this is a big tip for big advertisers out there. Use incremental attribution. Gone are the days of 7-day click. Gone are the days of one day click. 7-day click one day view is typically a little bit too big when you're at this sort of stage. So either evaluate or actually use incremental attribution because you're going to have a massive halo effect. You're going to have a lot of referrals, a lot of word of mouth that's growing. We really want to understand what are the purchases that happen because of Facebook. It's exactly what incremental attribution does. Now, I just broke down my entire strategy for you. And if you want to see the step-by-step implementation of this, the actual document that describes everything that I just went through, the flowcharts, and way more, then click the link down in the description where I give you my full 22page M3 guide. And last, if you want to see how you can multiply your static ad output to create a content machine, click this video right here where I take you step by step on how to use Google's new Nano Banana 3 completely for free to multiply your creative output. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this video and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l125
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l125
  2. @RachelledelaRosa [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing. I'm interested in the data points shared correlating andromeda update vs. the creative spend of the most successful companies.
  3. @deitykush [1 likes]: Please direct me to the beginner campaigns for people who are going there but not there yet
  4. @missolivia-eng [1 likes]: Please, I want to understand if I can do this per product or I do it all in 4 campaign for my whole store?
  5. @jordanamber.s [1 likes]: Super helpful!
  6. @beba4480: But you said in another video the propsecting is always new audiences. No engaged audiences
  7. @ChiragTailor-y2g: Whats the difference between an interest ad set and a broad ad set? Who am I targeting with the interest ad set?
  8. @HappywhereIamLife: why should we start new ads out in high volume vs CPRG ?
  9. @arminschnurer5116: First of all - thanks for the video!
For testing why not use an ABO Setup? So we can make sure each AdSet (concepts) gets the same amount of budget? So we can better compare - and CBO in the scaling campaign?
  10. @TheMinecraftguy65: In the video you mention ecom, can this same strategies work for local service based businesses?
  11. @shopolis: will this strategy work for supplement ads?
  12. @nickdoherty1580: Great video! Is the scale campaign a CBO too?
  13. @danjeffery6394: I assume, for example, $3k, means $3k spend per day?
  14. @BurningBliss67: Do you really think that people that are spending $10k a day are watching this ??  Please consider talking about us beginners that are learning
  15. @thainamemali: Great source🎉 Thank you.
  16. @lanaleksandra: I advertize in German speaking countries and test only with 100eur. No matter hwo often I've tried CBO, its just not profitable, while ABO campaign with many ad sets seems to be working for me. Is it still ok?
  17. @Mcmxxvxxi: What if you target multiple personas?
  18. @TheDeckPeople: I run a local home-service business. Historically, the more I add interests, the higher CPL. What's your opinion on letting the general ads run wild instead of targeting specific interest groups. Obviously learning phase will be rougher, but over time, won't lead targeting be more effective and cheaper?
  19. @Exponentialplus: new update ? for 2026?
  20. @aaad59: Hey Solid Video. Question 1: If I switch my current running CBO to ABO , it won't set back my learning phase correct? Will switching to ABO just continue the learning phase by forcing budgets to my other ads?  

Question 2. After I switch to ABO and run it for a while, can I switch back to CBO without it resetting my learning phase? 

Essentially like a switch, ON/OFF to force my budgets across all other ads. How many times can I switch this without it resetting the campaign structure and learning phase journey. 


Hopefully my question makes sense. Thanks!

- New Meta Andromeda Update Is Killing Facebook Ads ROAS (Do This NOW): Kind: captions Language: en For any person watching, it's an update that's really kind of getting businesses to adjust a little bit their process. If you don't know it, you're probably going to have a tough time scaling in Black Friday. My name is Sasha Carobutton. For almost a decade now, I've been helping new founders build and grow profitable e-commerce businesses. We've helped almost 2,000 [music] people launch from scratch. And I'm joined today by my co-host, Hammond Ba, who spent over $30 million on ad spend and generated over hund00 million of e-commerce revenue for our clients. We've got a very important show for people today talking about the Andromeda update, some [music] specific things that founders need to do, what to look out for, how to structure their creative particularly into this Black Friday period. >> Absolutely. So, first thing when Meta, they start kind of advertising something. Most of the time they mess up something. Some businesses are having a tough time kind of get back on track particularly in term of performance. >> A lot more people have been talking about it especially in the last like 2 3 months as if like all of a sudden something changed. People are like, "Oh my god, I'm freaking out because my performance is not as good as what it was." means that there's something that needs to be changed. That's why businesses are freaking out because they need to adapt. I'm actually excited about the future with Meta. So, it's going to be good. Good. >> What's going on? >> Amazing. So, yeah, very excited about this. And and by the way, for any person watching, it's a it's an update that's really kind of getting businesses to adjust a little bit their creative process. And I think it's going to be a good thing to analyze like what are the inputs how to scale because if you don't know it and then you just you know you're doing the previous I would say structure you're probably going to have a tough time scaling in Black Friday and even beyond let's say Black Friday. So I'm very excited. The thing that I that I think the thing I think I wanted to start with here that's that's interesting is like it seems as though this like Andromeda update's like a recent thing as if it's like I I I've been you know reading and researching into this and a lot more people have been talking about it especially in the last like 2 3 months as if like all of a sudden something changed but I think like if you if you look back at like when this actually started happening it was really like towards the end of 24 2024 where Meta's like shift started to kind of push a little bit more into we We've heard it around like um creative are the new targeting or use your creatives to do the targeting or don't worry about doing the interest. Don't worry about doing the lookalikes. Don't worry about doing all these like specific targeting mechanisms and use your creatives to do that. But I think this at the moment is more so just like the the label that's been applied to what's happened. And now all of a sudden people are like, "Oh my god, I'm freaking out because my performance is not as good as what what it was. My creatives aren't working as good as what what they were." So tell me what you've seen in terms of any any changes any things in ad accounts any specific performance related uh you know reduces declines in performance what's been going on >> absolutely so first thing when meta they start kind of advertising something most of the time they they they mess up something so I've seen this many times with the update with the iOS the moment they started mentioning this and they started kind of transitioning we've seen a lot of I would say underperformance businesses freaking out so right now it feels like the same thing some businesses are having a tough time kind of get get back on track particularly in term of performance and this is when I feel like Meta when they do a new update their own algorithm it just it's it's just very messy and I don't think they control it to a certain degree in fact I'll tell you just a a quick story Meta reached out to us and as just an agency account that we have and they asked us well you know you want you to test more creatives and they gave us a credit $10,000 and actually I did this even with Pisu they gave us $1,000 uh of credit to to to leverage and and the 10,000 was essentially can you test creatives And I remember, you know, I talked to a person I met. I was like, "Hey, you guys are giving this budget. I just want to split test some things like we're going to run these, let's say, new like new hooks and and new colors into backgrounds." They were like, "That's probably not good." And I'm like, "What are you talking about?" They were like, "You're not you're not going to get the best of this budget if you just do these things." So, it feels like they're almost testing when they do an update. And and and for me, that was kind of an eye openener. So like like you guys are testing essentially an algorithm that you can't control. So it feels like that's [clears throat] what's happening and they're kind of mentioning the Andromeda more and more because they feel like if they don't say that then people would think it's like the past. So I feel like that's probably something to note is they're talking about it more right now because people need to adapt and businesses need to adapt. And the fact that if I was to look at it the other way they started 2024 >> probably if it was really good they would they would not talk about it. Just be good. it's like a new update and every person would be kind of thinking, well, it's always the same. It's always good. But the fact they're talking about it more, trying to push it more, it means that there's something that needs to be changed and that's why businesses are freaking out because they need to adapt. And I think that's the thing to think about. >> I I I I definitely agree and I think from like a meta level like um in terms of the way that they approaching this is like the user wants to stay on the platform. How do you keep the user on the platform? give the user really good quality to quality content to consume such that they want to stay on the platform. And that's really all it comes down to, you know. And so it's like if if if say for example the algorithm in the last 12 to 18 months was like ranking and scoring and and and beginning to determine like the quality of the content that you were putting in as an advertiser. Now that's really just like ratcheted up to the whole next level. um and and and and the algorithms like scrutinizing the the quality the the differentiation of your content versus I don't know two years ago where it would just be like you with your interests, you with your look alikes, you with your targeting strategies being like I need this person, I need to push budget into here. Um so it's it's becoming more and more and more of like a a creators landscape I think from from what I'm seeing. >> Absolutely. And and think about this meta literally five actually six years ago they introduced this new thing which was the power of five and they were like just trying to explain well we have the power of five and they actually still sticking to it. Power of five was kind of the five core pillars in terms of media buying and and marketing with their platform and they were like first thing auto advance matching. So, we're going to be almost like looking at, you know, the people that are visiting, using that data and kind of leveraging that to to find your audience. Account simplification, one campaign, all the creatives in there. We're going to help you scale without really having to do any media buying. You just add load the creatives and we're going to do the work for you. It's really around as an advertiser, you should not do much. We're going to do the work for you. And the third one was the CBO, which in the past, by the way, at one moment, I think 2019, they were like, we're going to remove ADO, asset budget. We're going to just transition to CBO entirely, and you guys don't even need to control the budget. We just going to do that for you. And then automatic placement, which by the way, Meta Developed more, which is, you know, the they look at what is the best platform for your content, and they start positioning that. And finally, dynamic ads and dynamic creatives, which they're working on still positioning your ads based on the best performer. So Andromeda was actually an idea that they had before. They they almost like planned this five years ago mentioning these five I would say in terms of just their their their vision and crops. >> I agree. I agree. So what do you think um in terms of what might people be noticing at the moment in terms of like their advertising? They're not really making adjustments and changes in terms of like this new structure, this new way of doing things, this new creative diversification. What would you say from your view that people might be experiencing that might be like, hey, if you're experiencing these things, these are symptoms that you need to adjust your strategy more towards the Andromeda update. Does that make sense? >> Absolutely. So first thing you like if you're running ads and you're underperforming you need to think about what is working the account of angle because right now with meta it's really it's always actually been the case a game of like what's the creative that's working what's the angle cuz think about meta right now they're looking at your content as you mentioned they're ranking it they're trying to find the avatar based on the content so if your content is not good you're not going to be getting a lot of good performance actually going to have a tough time scaling so if you see that your rorowaz is declining or your CPMs are higher, it means that your content is not resonating well with the audience. In fact, if your CPMs are high, what does this mean? Let's say your cost per thousand impressions is high, it's an it's kind of a relevancy indication. So, if you see that your CPMs are high, it means the audience is reacting negatively to it and and that means that they're not connecting properly the dots. So, your content is not good. So, I would just right away dive into what is the angle that's working and how can I do more content, but essentially relevant content so that I can use it to find the audience. I think I think from like a high level one one like in terms of the way that I've seen this happen over the last particularly like this year is like um in accounts they might have like one to two kind of like winning creatives that are like pretty good pretty strong creatives um and then so what happens usually is like they will create try and create like variations or like spin-offs of that creative where it's like the same creative with a different like I'm not sure word track at the start or the same creative with like a different thumbnail. or a different like like slight variation, >> right? Different background, different bit of text, different music. Um, and I think initially that would actually work like it would stimulate performance. It would increase the kind of like cut through a little bit. And so I think from from what I've seen, it's that use of like strategy in terms of like almost really relying on like one or two creatives, but trying to do little tiny spin-offs of those ones. And if you were to look in the ad account, you could almost identify like, "Oh, that's the same. Oh, that's kind of similar. Oh, that's kind of similar." A and if you were to browse through all the different types of content, it all looks a little bit much of a muchness. You know what I mean? It's like that's the situation whereby like you would start to see faster kind of fat what feels like fatigue. I don't think it is fatigue. It's just the fact that like Meta is not as effectively serving your content to the right people because you're not giving it enough of that kind of like angle diversification and so naturally your CPMs will go up. It feels like your your your your ads fatigue and you're like why is my profitability going down? But it's not actually that. It's the fact that there's like not enough diversification in the account to service all the different types of people that need to see that different content. I think that's what I'm seeing a lot of. >> Yes. and and and keep in mind there's something like just this is actually something that every business owner should be aware of with A+ content and and creative let's say optimization with meta on on their own they could do variations like when you add and upload the creative they literally have background and text and options and hooks and and variations that are by default just checking and you're going to have that so you working on this it's almost like you're wasting your time if you tell me hey we're going to do the new background in the past yes as you mentioned it's a good revival it's going to refresh the content it's going to be Good. Right now, every person is checking the A+ content. They're going to have that by default. Five to 10 different variations. They're going to have the background pictures. They're going to even have books that are new generated by by AI and they're so good. So, my view on this, you're wasting your time if you're actually doing those variations right now. And even the person that I talked to with from Meta on like this is Meta team and he's also advanced and he was like, you're wasting your time if you do it. If you if you take our budget, our own money, Meta giving you a credit, it's their own money. like if you give if if I give you $10,000 and right now you put it into these variation, you're wasting your time. And and I was like, okay, that's that's probably I need to do new concepts. And then I'm I'm curious about your views on concept, but for me, it's really like the thing right now like what you focus on is not the variation anymore. As you mentioned, it's really concept and finding that avatar. Well, it's um I think they call it uh semantic diversification where it's like and if you look at the the definition of semantic essentially essentially means like um same meaning different like way of developing context around that meaning. So you could say for example um I'm going for a run. I'm running down the street, right? You could say for example um the water like the water runs off the side of the bed. the the the definition as far as the word sounds the same, but the way that you could describe or showcase the meaning of that word is different. And so I think that's the real key thing. It's like what is the big promise? What is the big concept that your brand can actually like put out to market? We help with X. We solve X problem. We're the best at X. We transform Y. That type of, you know, overarching principle. Uh [snorts] and then what you want to do is really like dive into all the different ways. I'll go through some examples here I put together before because I think this is this is really really helpful. So I was spinning up some uh examples here for the Bassou company, right? And like it's always something where most of the time and this is like macro level. So if you're like a founder and you're doing like founder content u which is fantastic gets a lot of cut through. very very very strong, right? But all of your founderled content is like you in some way, shape, or form, whether it's sitting down, standing up, walking around, I don't know, down there walking your dog, and it's you face to cam, right? It's like all of that stuff starts to look the same, right? It's like if I know this brand as the the guy or girl that's always face to camp, whether she's at a cafe, whether she's walking her dog, whether she's in her office, whether she's packing orders, it begins to kind of like, okay, I expect that she's going to be there. I'm seeing the same thing. It kind of gets boring. You know what I mean? Like you're seeing the same stuff over and over again. And so, I think it's like the key thing that I want to highlight here is like people listening might be like, "Gez, this sounds like a whole lot more work." And it's like, it is. work. You need to do it. There's no way around it. >> That's exactly right. So, it's like, do you complain about it or do you, you know, complain about making no money, [laughter] you know? It's like you have to. >> And also keep in mind, every person is facing the the same challenge. So, we're not talking about a situation where, well, it's just you and you're like on your own and it's every person like every business out there is facing the same thing. So either you take this as well if it's challenging then I can master and I can kind of get their rank and scale or if I just like I'll just leave it and I can't do it. Then you're probably going to be working with that defeat mentality or defeated and it's going to be like okay there's nothing I could do and that's it. You should not do e-commerce in my opinion. >> That's exactly and and the thing that I really I'm really drilling into myself is like Eugene Schwarz in his book Breakthrough Advertising he says um he says show don't tell. That's what he always says. if you can show and demonstrate versus making claims and promises, everyone will believe you a lot more. And I think like if I look at like this um you know Andrometer update, all these changes and what's happening as far as like what used to be okay in terms of a founder sitting there and saying our product's the best and our product does this and our products on Black Friday sale and our product. It's like that's you telling people the message, right? So it's like how could you take that same approach but be able to show it to them? And some great examples that I I put together here for the Bassoon company was like using that problem solution transformation meaning like what's the problem that the uh that the potential avatar has and what is the solution they want to get to. There's two or three I'll quickly run through here. So it's like um say for example the scene is like a closeup mirror shot a girl with like um mascara under her eyes. This is interesting coming for me. Um, and you know the actor is like [laughter] the actor like >> the marketing. >> I'm like I've got mascara under my eyes right right now [laughter] and and and the actor is like frustrated. She's like pointing to all of the residue under her eyes because she's like frustrated. And she's like no matter how hard I scrub, it's still there. And it's like that's all that needs to be said for the avatar who has that same problem to be like I know what that feels like. I'm connecting with that particular ad. Another great transformation here is like point of view or like you know the the actor is like on the phone with her dermatologist having a conversation and being like she said they're ruining my skin barrier and so in that moment it's like you're talking about the pain or the problem that the avatar has and then there's authority with this dermatologist and so you might literally say that one line in that particular ad. It's like two seconds, three seconds. And it does so much more than I spoke to my dermatologist last week and she told me that my skin barrier is actually being uh, you know, damaged by makeup removal wipes. Now I'm using this. It's like in 2 seconds I can literally get the same message across. And so I think it's it's it's that level of like show don't tell, show don't tell, show don't tell. Not sitting there and preaching to your audience about what you're going to do. It's like how can I demonstrate to this? How can I demonstrate to them this concept in a way that's unique and different and it kind of shows and doesn't you know have me speaking to them. I think that's one big thing that I'm seeing. >> Absolutely. And think about like actually I remember we were in a coaching session actually just a call we were working on Bassu and finding ways but you mentioned let's go with this one wipe guarantee and I was like that's strong like we we're still using it right now. If you look at our ads with in meta ad library, you're going to notice that we have it as a call to action, one wipe guarantee. And I think those kind of positioning like probably probably you can think about it like when when we doing marketing running ads and you tell your audience one wipe guarantee, they're going to start thinking, well, what does this mean? And the goal is to get the attention. We talked about this previously is get the attention to the point where they're thinking, well, this is unique one guarantee. What what does this mean? and they kind of you get them into that, you know, funnel in term of your content. So, the goal is to get the attention obviously, but also in the same time connect with the audience. If you tell them one wipe guarantee, it's either you get this or it's free, that's already strong and they're going to start thinking this brand is different. Even though every person knows like if they ask for a refund, they can get it in 30 days and it's very easy to kind of enforce that. But the fact that you're telling it and saying it like this is our guarantee. If if we don't do this, then you can get your money back. That's already making you kind of a different brand. And and right now I feel like businesses are afraid. I talked to a person I think it was like a month ago and I was like you need to mention this thing like in term of guarantees and he's like no I can't do that. They're going to ask me all for refunds and I'm going to be like done. It's going to be it's not going to be good. I was like what's your refund rate in the last year? He was like it's very low under 1%. I'm like then why are you afraid? If your products are good you should not be afraid of your audience. And I think connecting with them talking to them trying to get their attention giving them assurance that's going to be a way to convert an audience over the long run. I agree. I And I think even just to that point on the one wipe guarantee, I'm like the reason that I believe that works so well is because number one, it is three words. One wipe guarantee. And and and you as soon as you like say that out loud or you read that internally in your mind, you go one wipe. I can imagine my face being wiped one time. Guarantee. You know what I mean? It's like it felt like an old commercial to be honest. When you said it, I was like I heard this probably when I was young. I heard like younger I remember hearing something like this. I'm sure it was those old commercials telling me like one time you do something it's just going to work. So when I heard it actually was so strong I was like that's good cuz it felt like those commercials and I think they were good. It attaches to mental real estate in your mind right and so it it kind of borrows one wipe guarantee. It immediately kind of satisfies that kind of sentiment in your mind where you're like what does that mean? I don't need to think too hard. There's no kind of cognitive load. I'm like, I want that thing and I'm protected very easily. And I think if you think about it, like using the idea of like the show don't tell, it's like even the wording of that guarantee does the same thing. It's like it it it demonstrates to people it's not like um use our wipes for x amount of time and then after x amount of time if you don't receive x y amount of impact then you get your g simplify everything down. It makes it so easy for that user just to be like got it. I'm ready to buy. You know, it's it's it's hyper effective. Yeah. >> And and and I think with AI right now, there's just, you know, there's abundance of content and ideas. Like I actually think that every business owner, let's say they're thinking, well, I'm not Sasha, I can't get these one wipe guarantees. Then I would say you probably can use AI and you're probably going to get something unique and it's probably going to be good. But the fact that you don't do the research and you don't work on that, that's the problem. So I don't I don't think there is limitation right now with AI. >> I agree. And I think um the the on the creative side of things, it's like because of the use of AI, the hardest part of this whole process is you picking up and and I don't even think because you can spin it all up with AI, but let's just hypothetically say for example, you don't want to use like Sora or any of the AI generating images or video tools and you want to create it all yourself. The hardest part of this whole process is picking up your damn camera and shooting some content. >> Like the ideation, >> that's a thing to do. It's like done for you. You go into GPT and then this is what I recommend everybody to do is go into GBT and and and and ask that tool to to teach you all that there is for your brand specifically for your brand. Teach me everything for X Y and Z company brand. You know my brand. I've been working on this brand for 6 months, 12 months, whatever it is. Teach me everything about Andromeda updates. And then based on those teaching, I need you to write me 100 different hooks that really encapsulate all of the specific changes as far as this semantic diversification, how I can apply it, and then what those hooks might look like and then rank those hooks in terms of like easiest to film and produce down to hardest to film and produce. Get the hell out there into your environment. And >> but but the question here for you would be, let's say you do this, right? Would you test 100 creates a week? Because that's also still, you know, the audience would be thinking, well, I can do a 100, but should I publish like what would you think about in term of particularly that side? Let's say they do this. They put in AI. I want to do all of these things. I want to do the hooks, they do the recordings, but then what what what do you think they should do? >> Well, I mean, it depends on the budget ultimately. Like if you're spending like a h 100red bucks a day or you know 200 b $300 a day type thing like your your ability to test volumes of creating creative is pretty limited. You know you're not going to load up you know what I mean like 100 different creatives. I think if you were to to be testing um between 3 to six, 3 to seven like angles like actually different angles on a weekly basis and loading them into whether it's a broad or advantage plus depending on your budget like I said depending on your budget um is is is very very very important. But on a week-on-week basis if you're testing between like say 3 to seven somewhere in that range and you're constantly like iterating on those things there as well as once you do identify excuse me some winners that are really like performing at a high ROI. You want to scale those things. So, it's like we're creative testing in a way where we're just rolling three to five, three to seven per week and then you're moving some of those things into a a scaling type opportunity campaign and you're really pushing more spend behind them. I think that's a probably manageable way to start. >> Absolutely. But, but I think about something right now. It's actually it's might be like a little bit weird for some, but I feel like right now Meta is very good at finding the avatar, right? And some people are very good at getting the content done. But there is kind of the middle where a person should be able to look at the data and understand from meta what is working to do more of it. So I feel like that's the gap like that's the actual gap that I see right now because some people would look at their ad account like I coach them. They attend my calls and they show me an ad account and they don't know which ad is working. And I know it's weird. You're probably going to think well it's just a rorowaz and so on but sometimes they don't have the budget to even see that kind of final rorowaz. just need to see those early signals that say lower cost per add to cart or lower cost per check out but it feels like they're not able to analyze the account like the meta account they just can't connect with meta so it feels like the next thing would be in my opinion would be how can you >> connect those two things like understanding what meta is telling you and then going and recording the content those are the two elements so I feel like that's one challenge that I've noticed recently kind of coming in they come in I look at the call look at the sorry the ad account analyze it and And I'm like, "This is a good ad." I'm like, "Really?" I was not aware of it. I'm like, "That's a problem." >> Yeah. Track tracking um tracking is is is a challenge. Just to close off on what I was saying there. So, let's say for example, you want to develop or have live like three to six, three to seven different like angles and completely new like concepts. Uh and and these concepts, when I say concept, the concept can just be the hook. like it can be the first three to five seconds of the ad, but it needs to be a new way to be able to drive people through into the rest of the body of that ad. That's very important. So, it's like it doesn't mean you need to completely retest an entire 60-second, 90 second piece of content, edit it, produce it, do the whole thing. In fact, I recommend doing concept hooks that bolt onto an existing type of body. I think that that's kind of sufficient for you to test. Um the the important thing here is that when you're developing 3 to 5, 3 to 7 week on week, you set out to probably shoot 30 or probably shoot 50 because what happens is you're pretty bad at creative development. It's just the truth. And so if you actually do 30 pieces and you're doing different environments and you're doing different things and you're acting out different concepts, you'll probably land on 3 to five. 10% 15% might be good or the best of the best because you're still getting better, you know? So, I I think that's the one thing. If you set out week on week and you've just got five concepts and then you shoot five concepts, you might every couple of weeks get one that really works simply because they're not going to be that good. So, it's very important the volume side of things. It still stands true here. Don't think you can just, I don't know, spit together three or four things and be like, "Well, that's good. That satisfies the algorithm for this week. I'm good to go." Yeah, it's very important >> but but I think yeah you mentioned this but it's really important the win rate in term of your content. I've seen businesses where they do ton concept and they have like five or six like really good one they can scale and some of them would take them probably 50 concept which I know it's crazy but really something that I've seen it's about the quality and the quantity. So it's kind of you're forced to do volume but do the right volume so otherwise just going to be wasting money. That's >> agreed. Agreed. I think the last component um as part of this uh update is obviously the creative aspect u is is huge that's like 80 90% of the work the tracking and the reporting side of things in terms of because if you think about um so it's like meta is using all of these creative concepts and these ideas to find people that align with that particular creative. It's ranking the creatives and then it's going and finding and hunting in the actual platform the people that align with those things. So it's like the core important piece of data is that the information as far as conversion gets passed back into the platform. Um give me some information on that side of the spectrum. H as far as tracking what what have you seen as far as potential tracking issues that might cause um lack of like passover of information. >> I guess it's actually been the case for like 2 3 years like Meta is not able to see all the information because of the update with iOS and everything. So due to privacy, we can't see everything sometimes and you're going to be missing on conversions. Probably some of you guys listening to this, you know, you look at Shopify, you see two sales, you look at your ad account, say zero. I'm like, hey, what's happening? So this happens a lot. My view on this would be you need to look at first you can use UTMs, which is a way to track a little bit. Let's say the clicks where they're coming from, analyze the campaigns like you can set this up very easily. If you look at meta, you can go to your ad level and click on the let's say when you add like the creative, you have the say the the link like in the the the the link with the UTMs, you can add that. That's going to be I would say the a URL parameter that would allow you to track the person when they click. So that's one way to improve the tracking. But my view on this would be if I was to just think about I'm starting out, I'm new in business, I don't know like I don't want to pay for a tool. I'll think about use the I would say add to cart level instead of the purchase to analyze the the quality of the ad. So a lot of accounts I look at instead of looking at the cost per purchase I look at the cost per ad to cart and that would give me more indication on reliable information because the funnel in e-commerce is a person would load your website so they would click on the website and then they go to add toart and then they initiate check out and then buy. The volume of actions in add to cart is significantly higher to purchases. So the volume of add toart is much more reliable than the volume of purchases because it's just you have more information. So I would rely on that more to look at what is the best performer. So I will load an account put the column cost per ad to cardart look at the lowest one the odds that's a good ad. If really it's the lowest one it's the best one you have. So that would be a way for you to navigate if you don't have let's say any expertise you don't want to use UTMs and you're not tracking properly fully the sales. If you want to invest a little bit more time, which I think you should by the way, yeah, work on like use a tool such as triple whale. It's pretty easy to use and triple well would be a tool that would give you kind of an indication on where the conversion is coming from. There are multiple ways with first click, last click, and even triple well they like they include a new function called impact total impact which will look at not only the ad they're going to ask even people once they purchase in Shopify they're going to ask them where did they see this ad. So they're really going to look at what is the thing that's driving most of the impact. One of my account I discovered that there's one creative with 1.2 rorowass very bad that's driving significant performance for us. The moment I paused it just as a split test I've seen my rorowass drop like significantly. So I was like oh there is some impact that I was not calculating. And this is something that I think some of businesses that are scaling more they need to use triple well or UTMs to really track those things. I'm actually curious. What's your view on this? Will you use triple whale or >> triple whale? Triple whale is fantastic. The thing that I think it's like, okay, so if you think about what we're doing here, we're we're we're testing more concepts. Um we're pushing more volumes of creatives into the ad account. We're doing it in a less kind of like a specific kind of like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ad set level. It's it's it's more kind of broad and open. So what does that necessitate? It it necessitates the need to be able to determine um tracking more effectively, right? Cuz like we're removing what would have been in the past. I don't know if you remember like when I used to set up ad accounts years ago, it'd be like every single adset budget, every single creative would be measured. You could quantify. You could sit there and go line item by line item. What's the performance of this creative? What's the performance? This received $80 spend. That's all gone. >> That was good times. Good times. I'm excited. So good. Like when you tell me this, I'm like I feel bad right now. It was like it was like it was easy in the sense that you could track everything but very manually and very like hardcore through each line item but at the same time it just required more work. You know what I mean? And it was also like a lot more for people to try and like familiarize it. It's like here's how to understand an ad account. Go through every single line item see every single individual budget. How much rorowaz this is what to do. This is what to cut. This is what to keep. This is what to I was like oh my goodness this is insane. >> You don't enjoy that. You don't enjoy that. just have like one like variation just new book or new colors and you're like running with new creatives. So good. >> It's like it's like that's what you used to and I remember all of my old tracking sheets from years ago. It's like you used to track through the sheet and then you populate all of the particular information from each individual adset, the spend versus the rorowaz and you could easily tell like performance quite quickly as per each individual ad against the interest or the targeting lookalike whatever it was. And so now it's like okay all of that's removed. We're loading a whole bunch of creatives on various different like probably funnel stages of awareness, some slightly more top of funnel, some direct, you know, conversion offer hardcore sell now. And so it's like to be able to plot the path, right, of like this creative interactive first, then here, then there, it begins to become really important. Otherwise, the analogy that I love here is like if you think about like a a football team and they're on the the field um and the the strikers playing soccer, right? The strikers, they're the ones who are the ones who usually score the goals, right? They're usually at the front of the field and they always score the goals. It's their job, right? But to sit there and say, "Okay, so those are the only people that score the goals and win the game. Let's remove everyone else from the field." >> It's like, "Well, you lose." >> Like, hey, >> you lose the game. >> Lose right away, >> you know? So, so, so the tracking becomes very important. I think Cappy installing like that the the Cappy conversion and making sure that's passed back into Meta from your Shopify platform very very very important. Triple whale in terms of uh what what what's essentially looking at that kind of entire purchase journey. This creative first this creative second total impact I think is a fantastic reporting system as well. um those two ways of being able to pass more information back into Meta. Essentially, what you're looking to do and perhaps like a highlevel strategy to be able to uh look at like like it's like at the end of each month, at the end of each week, if you review how many purchases you've got inside of your shop inside of Shopify against what's actually tracked in Meta, in an ideal ideal scenario, they would want to be zeroing out to be the same. Like, it's never going to happen. And there's always going to be gaps. But I think if you look at it through this lens, cuz my my own perspective personally used to be like, "Okay, well, stuff, it doesn't matter. Meta is always off. Who cares? Let it do its thing. At least I've got the stuff tracked on Shopify. Who cares?" And that used to be the way I used to think about it doesn't matter. You're never going to get 100% accuracy. And it's like because of this adjustment from a creative lens, it's like it kind of needs to be closer. And if you've got like, you know, 100 purchases on Shopify and then, I don't know, 40 tracked on on on your Meta account, it's like that's a real problem because you've got literally 50% kind of tracking accuracy. 50% of the creatives that might have actually generated the purchases aren't tracked, aren't receiving signals back to them. And the optimization that can be done on, you know, improving that purchase journey and then you seeing what's working and doing more of those creatives, it's completely blind, you know. So, the tracking is very, very, very key. Yeah. >> Yes. We specifically we look at the avatar like the concept. How would you know unless you have some data on that? So my view on this would be you need to really have good tracking make sure it's working. So as you mentioned with Shopify integration should be good. Um on top of this if you need more you can use triple well or even UTMs they do the same thing. You can leverage UTMs. You don't need to pay for triple but my is we need tracking. That's the main thing and you need to work on this concept as you mentioned. >> Yeah. Yeah. Give me the top three things, Hammond, that you think um people need to take away from this episode. The most important, highest impact, most actionable things that need to happen in relation [snorts] to this change. >> And I'll add one thing actually, one last thing. I actually just remembered that just term of new things. I would say cost cap is more effective. That's something I wanted to mention. I know we talked about this a little bit earlier, but I do believe cost cap is a strategy that could really thrive in this environment because you add in a lot of creatives and you give meta at cost and it's almost like go find that you know match of my cost versus the creative and I think that's going to be in the next year or two one of the most scalable structure in media buying and it doesn't require a media buyer. It's just re really telling Meta what's your cost, how much are you willing to get into and they have a new setup which is a target rorowaz which essentially you tell them even what you want as a rorowaz and think about this meta want simplification they want simplifying structures they don't want the person to be really stressed about the platform if you tell them the raz you want you tell them the cost you want and you give them infinite creatives you're probably going to thrive and and scale up so that's my view on it that one element that I think would be the next thing for any person thinking about meta in future. So, um, just Yeah, sorry. Go ahead. >> No, you're right. Yeah, it's good. It's a good point. >> Yeah. So, going over the three things, if I was to come back and I'll add this as a third one. The first one would be you need to do creatives and they should not be like just background changes. That's again a thing from the past, right? You can't do that. That just not going to work. Second thing would be building a better targeting in my opinion in ter of working on the creative concept really and not necessarily the let's say I would say the the interest targeting would probably not perform that much in my opinion. I would do broad targeting and then focus on tracking, making sure you understand the concept. And I would say a third thing would be to probably again cost cap volume, but it's going to be volume of creative, making sure you have a consistent volume of angles and concept and ideally scaling with cost cap in my opinion. Again, just I know I'm probably biased because I've been focusing on this for about six years, but really cost cap would be a scalable structure for people that are doing above 10K. I think there's just it's a no-brainer. And that those are the three things probably I focus on. I [snorts] think I think from my my the only thing I'd add to that is just like if you're listening to this and you're not um willing to make the change and shift into in terms of this new direction like you're going to really fight and struggle to you know stay relevant and stay profitable in your business. And so it's like you can listen to this and be like oh yeah gez that sounds exciting. Yeah. Well and you can act now or you can wait 6 months until your ad account's burning and you're making no money and you're like oh gez I guess I better create more creatives. It's like move with the trends. There's this saying that I always say, it's like in e-commerce particularly because of how fast this market moves. The fast movers, the ones that act quickly, they always make all the money cuz they're ahead. They're changing. They're ahead of the trend and they're already capitalizing on these new updates. And so it's like there'll be a whole bunch of brands and businesses that just go business as usual for the next 12 months probably and their whole entire account structure will flatline. You know what I mean? It's like the brands that grab onto this right now and they're like, "Okay, it's a creator economy. Got it. Let's move with the times. Let's get active. Let's start thinking of different concepts. Let's push things live. You are the ones that are going to win the most." So, I think that's the key thing that I just want to close off with. Very, very important stuff. Take some of the things that you can out of this episode. Implement them into your business. Don't mess around and wait around until next year, next month, whatever it might be. Do it right now. What do you think? I'm actually excited about about the future with with Meta. So, it's going to be good. >> We have competition. >> That's that's a if your competitors if if people can do things, then that's just more money for us. It's like that's how >> That's exactly right. That's exactly right. I appreciate as always, Hammond. Great episode. I hope you guys have got some value from this. Please get into your ad accounts. Please get into your creative feedback loops. Start actioning and implementing some of these changes so you can you can be more effective. You can be more competitive. You can be more aggressive in today's current economy. and uh and start growing your brand and growing it more profitably. Thanks so much, Hammond. I'll see you again soon. It's a pleasure.

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- The NEW Way To Scale Ads with Meta's Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling now more than ever before with reaching the right people consistently, meaning you historically may have reached these pocket audiences and you've been in there for maybe weeks or sometimes upwards of months at a time and then all of a sudden it changes. Now with the world of Andromeda factored in that can actually happen far more frequently. Niche messaging is being distributed at a larger rate than majority hooks from what we've seen in this postandromeda world. Just to be extremely clear with you, the effects of that tiny hooks are reaching pockets of people that you may not be intending to reach and they're creating a lot of chaos inside of businesses that don't know what to do when it comes to messaging best practices as it directly relates to this post Andromeda Facebook algo update. We're going to go through all the best practices in this video. Don't worry, I got you. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, this is a perfect channel for you. That's all we talk about around here. If you are looking to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. All our content's made for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you're in the right place. We don't make any income claims, though. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that.1% of businesses ever achieve $10 million and an annual run rate, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever achieve milliondoll months. So, just to be clear, there are no income claims or earnings expectations. We have no idea who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are. We just pass down these lessons to you from clients who have been there, done that for what's working right now today. So without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Another banger for you here today. So what we've seen at this most recent mastermind that we just concluded here for our Q4 talk in good old the end of 2025 in the post Andromeda world, the businesses that were crushing it are doing a lot more creative testing than they ever have before. and they're finding that the smallest things are controlling and influencing more than ever before who they're going to reach and how long they're probable to reach them for. I'll give you a perfect example of this. One of the inner circle members, Mason, gets up on stage and he mentioned a very simple thing in almost a joking way where he said, "You know, one time we were talking about something that didn't relate at all to writing or articles. We just mentioned the use of AI and the power of copywriting with being able to replicate long books such as authors like JK Rowling. And because he mentioned that author's name, the famous author who wrote all the Harry Potter books, he got a bunch of authors through his funnel. And that wasn't his intended audience. There was nothing else in that entire thing besides those few words, the name of a famous author and a word like author that immediately started to reach a fuckload of authors. And so here's the number one thing that you have to remember in this post Andromeda world, and that's the fact that everything's more sensitive now than it's ever been before. Sensitive in the sense that literally one word or sometimes a handful of words can wildly influence who you're probable to reach. And of course, those pocket audiences, some of them are large and some of them are small. I compared it at this most recent mastermind that we just did to like little pockets of oil. I said, you know, if you bought like a piece of land, like let's say it's, you know, 20-ish thousand acres and you wanted to drill for oil and you know, you're naturally like 30 40 years ago when that was in its heyday. You're going to build these little wells up here and you're going to dig deep into the ground until you hit a little pocket. And then naturally, the amount of oil that's within this specific pocket dictates how productive this specific well is. And as you can imagine, there's wells that they build that, you know, they don't hit any pocket. maybe because they didn't drill deep enough or because those pockets were rather shallow. And so even if you hit the right pocket and you use the right terms to influence who you're probable to be getting in front of, sometimes even when you're speaking to the perfect person, there's only so many of that perfect person that's actually probable to be in that little audience in that given moment. And so what we're finding is Andromeda is doing such a powerful really good job at getting very niche almost micro hooks in front of those smaller pockets. And so what we're seeing is there's more of these smaller pockets being exploited than ever before. But that also reduces the amount of time that you can be exploiting that specific pocket audience for. You understand where I'm going with this? What you have to do is you have to recognize that when you get the right people coming through and you did the right things with dialing in your messaging to attract that type of person and all of a sudden you see the wrong types of people coming through, you likely ran out of people in that pocket and you likely need to go back and do creative testing again. That's really what Andromeda is all about is taking so many more creatives that have been loaded into this platform than ever before, whittling it all down to a few thousand, and then handing it off to the 2023 update that Meta did called Metal Lattis. It's the simple retrieval and ranking algo steps. But now it's better than it's ever been historically. And as a result of that, those little pockets are being exploited more than ever before. Here's the downside, though, and if you've run ads, you know exactly what I'm talking about right now. You need to load up about we find the pocket to be 25 to 30 unique creatives in an ad set. And so for let's use the example you're doing video ads. We'd film 25 to 30 totally unique creatives. No shared bodies and CTAs. Everything's unique through and through. And all those different reasons all those total unique creatives. One to three are going to get all the reach. [laughter] So as a result of only one to three total creatives getting all that reach and distribution, the other, let's say you launch with 25, right? the other 24 to maybe 22, they're going to get barely any money spent. Sometimes, without exaggeration, pennies. Now, that doesn't negate the fact that we still have to launch with 25 to 30 total creatives to get the impact and the positive benefits of what Andromeda can truly provide. However, yeah, it's kind of frustrating to look at it and say, well, I mean, none of these other ads got reach. But this is also kind of the cool part. All we really have to do is in that example, duplicate out our ad set, remove and/or just turn off the creatives, the one to three that got all the reach, and then let those other ones start to test against each other. And that's kind of the cool part. In the process of doing so, you reach newer pockets and you may have that potential to finally hit that bigger pocket. And if you have, let's say, a really finite demographic of people that you believe you can convert, what you have to be really good at is articulating yourself from multiple perspectives about that thing. So let's use the example that this specific demographic is your current pocket audience. And it's small in this context. Okay? You believe that there's a finite amount of people that in a given moment under specific circumstances and conditions are ready and probable to buy what you have. You're not necessarily a mass market brand. You've got a high ticket product or service after all. and it's specific for somebody's problems relative to your problem and solution scenario. What you have to learn to be really good at is articulating that thing from so many different perspectives. And we break this down into really just three simple things. Okay. Number one, the problems that that individual has. Number two, the circumstances that that individual finds themsself in. Okay, circumstances are powerful. And in addition to that, we can also articulate ourselves from an outcomes perspective. Now, these three specifically, when you think in the context of those and you just try to list as many reasons that you can think of, what you end up doing is you're able to talk to that same pocket audience so many times over because you have mastered the success of being able to rotate the problem, circumstances, and outcomes that that specific individual that you're trying to talk to wants. And you also remember rule one, which is the sensitivity part of it. Don't say anything that wouldn't bring in the right types of people. And all it comes down to is the simplest of words nowadays in this post Andromeda update. Once you do an exercise like this, there's a lot of power in it because what you can do is what we teach our inner circle members and master internet marketing students, which is to leverage specific credit-based LLMs to go into it. This would be something not like Chat GBT or Claude or Gemini. There's credit based LLMs that you can use and the incentive is far greater. A credit-based LLM will read all the transcripts that you upload into it word for word. It fully consumes a lot more training material and doesn't operate with the guard rails of efficiency that a monthly flat rate subscription LLM AI tool would use comparatively. You want a credit-based LLM. Okay? Now, we have many of those that we teach and talk about inside of our inner circle program, our master internet marketing program. You're watching here for free on YouTube after all. So, I'm going to give you a lot, but I'm going to hold back some stuff so you eventually give me some money. [laughter] Anyway, long story short, links in the description for that if you're interested. Back to this. When you do this specific exercise and you do it in a way where you're thorough, you load up specific training material documents into that LLM, it can kick you out consistent ad ideas for that specific person, leveraging real world agentic. This is very important. Let me actually backtrack a bit. all these preferred credit based LLMs. I also want you to understand it should have an agent mode where it can go out there. All agent mode really is is just kind of like somebody using a computer on your behalf. That way you can go out and actually do research to find context for these specific reasons and people. That way you also factor in highly believable reasons on top of all this. That's a different lesson though. Long story short, get yourself into the position where you have the clarity of this and just unlock a lot because you're going to need a lot of creative angles to talk to that same exact pocket audience from. That's what you do if you have a small audience. Now, if you have a large audience, it's more in the context of the oil field analogy. Consider everything that I just said like you've got this pocket, you've got this pocket, you've got these tinier little pockets like this and this as well. The moral of the story is from your perspective when you have more audiences that you can convert. So if you've got a lot of audiences rather than just one type of audience, meaning simply put, there's more than just one type of person that you can realistically sell to. That's exactly what you do. You do the same exercise but for all those different people many times over. And so simply put, and this is this is a really long lesson made into the simplest words. There's a lot more to this that I could sit here and articulate, but again, like we're going to keep that reserved for the people who actually give us some money. You're still going to get a ton of value from watching this. I promise you that all these pocket audiences, let's say you have audience type number one and two and three and four and etc. For the rest of all these, you do the same exact thing. You list off all the specific problems, circumstances, and outcomes of those specific types of people because that's the moral of the story with Andromeda. I have an entire video on my channel dedicated to Andromeda and all of what it entails so you can understand it. If this is a new word to you and you're not familiar with this ALGO update, make sure you go check out that video because it'll give you a foundational understanding of it and what it requires of you. But just in a simple nutshell, it requires a fuckload more creative than you've ever loaded into it prior. And it requires diversification in messaging. So you don't get the opportunity to have the efficiency that you've historically had by doing something like just filming opening hooks and then posting the same body in CTA. There's a creative solutions specialist that works over at Meta. He's on Twitter. He's got a couple low thousand followers, but he tweets some great stuff. And one thing that he recently tweeted was this alpha test they're running. and they're considering rolling out a column in the ads dashboard there that shows you creative that's too similar to one another either visually or in messaging because technically what Andromeda requires is diversification in messaging themes and visuals in Meta's words. Now, we found from our testing that it really just requires messaging but it doesn't hurt if you're not getting the results and outcomes you want to also factor in the tests of themes and visuals. Either way, moral of the story, once you get to the point where you realize you're going to need, as I said, about 25 to 30 unique creatives every time that you go to launch an ad set, you don't have to do that every time over. Once those one to three ads distribute and take all the reach and all the spend, and they inevitably fatigue and your pocket runs out, you're just going to relaunch the adset and just pull out one to three and you can load up a new one to three. And then the other 22 to 25 that you loaded up, depending on how many you launched with, will put you in a position where you're now testing all over again. cuz the smaller ones that didn't get reached that had pennies spent before, they deserve to have spend go to them again. So, it gets efficient after the first time that you do it, unless you find whatever you're running not bringing in the right people. And then you got to go back to the drawing board and consider what are reasons that are probable to actually attract the specific people that you want to have come through that funnel. Messaging is literally everything. It does all the targeting nowadays. Meta is a broad targeting platform now. Meaning, yes, your targeting is there, but it's counted as suggestive nowadays. Okay? And so what that means is is messaging controls everything. I hope this video helps you. Go check out all my other videos on my channel. They're far helpful for people that are rich trying to get a lot richer. Check out the links down in the description. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet. Listen, at the very least, give me a thumbs up and a comment down below on what you thought. Appreciate all your feedback. Go out there and get richer. toxin.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theextraordinnairs7028 [4 likes]: Hello Tony Stark 😂
  2. @JustinKellyMcClure [2 likes]: Good info…

So with 25 ads, various hooks and angles, you recommend 1 CBO and 1 ad set…then make new ad sets eliminating the ads that got most of the spend in the 1st ad set?
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  4. @prateekgupta1447 [1 likes]: Firstly, Fab video, thanks for this. 
Couple of questions however:

1. Wouldn't duplicating the adset result in competing adset for same audience resulting in higher cpms?

2. In how many days do you recommend shutting non performing ads from the pool of relaunched creatives that had not spent earlier?
  5. @yoelgerstein [1 likes]: "Become richer" - Jeremy Haynes 10/29/2025
  6. @hasherazizi2588 [1 likes]: Great value as always 🔥
  7. @JeremyHaynesTraining: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle 

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  8. @gavinwiener: How much ad spend would you need to have as a minimum on the ad set to give that 20-25 a proper chance?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  10. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  11. @hanee012: Thank you so much again for the video — I really appreciate it. I was hoping you could help me with a quick question.

I’m stuck in a dilemma: my Meta purchase campaign is still in the learning phase because I’m under 50 conversions, and my daily budget is only $46. I want to test a few new ads, but I’m not sure what’s the best way to scale while still moving toward exiting the learning phase. Should I create a new campaign (which wouldn’t help this one reach 50 conversions), or add another ad set to my current campaign and split the $46 budget?

What would you recommend as the best approach to scale and add new ads without disrupting the learning phase?
  12. @AgentiveAI: I know your messaging is fire, but I feel dumb that I dont understand most of this. I'll have to watch some more videos and come back to this!
  13. @tuckertheremedy: Should I separate Catalog Ads into their own campaign and not mix them with manually created ads, or should I mix all different ad types together post-Andromeda?
  14. @ConnorClarkCallahan: This was helpful. Thanks dude
  15. @kenny.bender: Very helpful Jeremy. Cool to see you in blue blockers, I'd love to send you a pair from my brand! (I bet you'll like them better than your current pair)
  16. @jonah.platovsky: Fire content as always
  17. @atoproductions237: Super value right here
  18. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're looking for a Short Form Video Editor then do let me know
We Provide 30 Videos for just $350.
Would love to work on your Brand 😇
  19. @ecomwithsage: Yup
  20. @ghostofmoredishesmorebitch1507: First

- Meta’s Andromeda Update Changes How Performance Ads Actually Work | Tash Insights: Kind: captions Language: en If you run Meta Ads, there's a system change you need to understand because it fundamentally alters how performance advertising now works. Meta has just completed the global rollout of Andromeda, its biggest ads infrastructure upgrade in years. [music] In simple terms, it's a complete rebuild of Meta's ad retrieval engine, the system that decides which ads are shown to which users. [music] I've worked inside the Meta advertising ecosystem for over a decade, including as one of the founding UK ambassadors for She Means Business. This is the most significant back-end change I've seen in years. Here's what Andromeda actually [music] does. Instead of scanning a few hundred ads, Meta's new AIdriven engine can now evaluate thousands [music] of ad candidates in milliseconds. It's built on deep neural networks, custom hardware, and sequence learning that understands user behavior over days and weeks, not just in the moment. [music] Meta describes it as a step function improvement in performance and that has consequences. Paired with [music] Advantage Plus, which is now effectively on by default, Andromeda pushes accounts toward full automation. [music] Audience segmentation matters less. Micro testing matters less. Creative output is now the primary performance lever. [music] Meta is no longer optimizing around a small set of ad variations. It's optimizing across diverse creative portfolios, founder [music] stories, UGC demos, testimonials, emotional hooks, brand films, even resurfaced archive [music] winners. Meta's internal benchmark is telling around 20 new creative concepts per week. This aligns with a broader shift we've [music] been tracking for years toward creative throughput, production velocity, and portfolio-based advertising. So, what do e-commerce teams need [music] to do? Consolidate campaigns, run broad targeting, increase creative diversity, be entertaining, especially in placements like reels, and re-upload historic winners. [music] The advertisers who adapt now will outperform over the next 6 to 12 months. Those still [music] running a 2023 playbook will fall behind. Production power is one of the most significant factors in meta [music] success. That's the real impact of Andromeda. Follow Tash Insights for insight on how modern brands scale [music] across retail, e-commerce, media, and AI.

- Meta Andromeda Explained Simply (And What It Means for Your Ads): Kind: captions Language: en Today I want to talk about Meta and Andromeda in a way that's simple, easy to explain and understand. There is an abundance of YouTube videos from guru-style people and I my opinion people aren't qualified to talk about it and I think they over complicate it for the purpose of actually making people feel stupid, but it's actually not that difficult to wrap your head around to be honest. It's very common thing to for people to be talking to right now obviously with the needing it to scale up any kind of advertising. If you're new here, my name is Leighton. I been running Facebook ads since 2016 and I have an agency based in Ireland that helps Shopify stores with acquisition, creative strategy, retention, and financial planning/forecasting for their stores. There's plenty of other videos around here for more information on that if you want to check it out. Okay, let's get into it. For years, Meta was unbelievable from a targeting perspective. I even remember being about 16 and set up my first drop shipping site and I think within 24 hours I had made my first sale, a couple of hundred quid. I was selling a necklace. It was It had like the layout of Africa, the continent. And yeah, it just worked really well and all I did was drop ship it. I got an image off Google and used it in the ad, bit of copy, and yeah, whatever it was, 150 quid I think I made in 24 hours. I remember first off when lookalike audiences were like the new thing, being able to like make a replica of your customers was such a huge deal and they worked so well as well. Um but naturally over the years, privacy uh changed. iOS updates and data restriction killed a lot of the precision that Meta was using against you essentially. Like there used to be a phrase people would say that Facebook knew you better than your own mother and that's that's true. It probably did because it was able to follow you around the internet and then recommend products that you were most likely going to purchase. And then policy changed and governments got involved and things have changed a lot and the pixel probably isn't well it as effective as it used to be. But last year something really impressive changed. They brought in Andromeda and this was essentially a new AI retrieval system that they built into the back end that really does completely change how the platform views its users and how it uses their information to sell it to advertisers. So instead of you choosing who sees ads, Meta predicts who is most likely to take take action based on patterns across the platform. So you're probably hearing now a lot more that it's it's good to have broad audiences because it you really are actually handing over that control to Meta whereas 10 years ago like I would be um testing out different interests. So like if you're trying to sell like a car cleaning set, you'd be able to target people who like Mercedes and Audi and BMW and what you'd find is people who are interested in BMW tend to the purchase it more. So you double triple the budget on the BMW interests. But now what's happening essentially in quite a simple definition is it looks at thousands of signals that you've never seen and probably never considered. So for example, what content someone watches and how long they're watching it, what they click, save, share, scroll past, send to friends, past purchase behavior across Meta's ecosystem that it has data points on, device type, time of day, buying frequency is a big one, how they interact with ads that are similar to yours, not necessarily purchase but how do they interact, and how fast they move from content to checkout. So it's building a live buyer profile for every user and matches your ad to the people most likely to convert. So the platform is moving away from interests and into intent. So this means instead of people who like fitness, it looks for people currently showing buying behavior for products that are in the fitness world. It's less about who they are and more about what they're doing right now, which is a really kind of almost like Black Mirror style kind of thing to think about, but it's really just using all of the data that it can grab from your interactions online to be able to create this persona about you and document things about yourself that you're not even aware of. I've actually personally kind of removed social media from my phone. I haven't logged into Instagram since October. And LinkedIn is gone and the only thing I'm on now is actually YouTube. Conversation for another day. But I would recommend it. So let's go into what's changed for advertisers. So like I said, broad targeting networks better than detailed interest stacking. I'm pretty sure everybody's aware of that. And AI has more freedom to find converting users instead of being boxed in, which is great. Creative matters more than audiences. This is something I've had to adapt to over the last 2-3 years, even as a service provider in this space. And I love it too because, you know, I really feel like advertising is coming back, brand building is coming back. You know, rather than just talking about the technical Like I was never actually really much of a technical kind of person from a interest stacking and scaling up ad campaign perspective. I actually was really first very involved and interested in advertising and print advertising and headlines and Ogilvy in the '70s and '80s, all that kind of stuff. Creative really coming back, which is great. And your ad is now the targeting. So the message, visuals, hooks, and offer tell the algorithm who should see it. And, you know, naturally if fitness content performs, Meta pushes it to fitness, skin care, skin care bars. And what I've definitely noticed over the last 18 months is for sure has faster learning with more volume and variety. So more creative naturally gives your account more data signals or gives Meta more data signals in terms of what your customer is interested in. And it's also really important to have the variety element. If you're skin care brand, you know, having it in the bathroom, the bedroom, in the car, in with with a different uh customer avatars, whether that be ethnicity or hair color or whatever uh that looks like. It's really about giving it that variety and letting it understand who your customer truly is. Each video I'm going to hook teaches the system who converts best. And this speeds up your optimization massively. So, good creative scales harder, bad creative dies quicker. Strong ads get rewarded with cheaper CPMs and a wider reach, and weak ads get cut fast by the system. There's less forcing spend on poor ads than before. So, you have to think about it again. Meta want people to stay on the platform. They want to show ads, but they don't want to show rubbish ads. They want to show ads that uh people are actually enjoying. And that's why we're really steering away from making them not look like ads. I know we've been doing that for years, but it's really important now more than ever. So, what actually wins now? Hooks in the first 2 seconds. I know everybody talks about hooks, but yeah, you want to try and make them as native as possible to Reels or TikToks. Clear product benefits and problem-solving. Strong offers and positioning are totally okay, too. And uh yeah, consistent creative output every week. And what Andromeda reads from your content, faces, product shots, where it is, and movement style. Spoken words and captions are really good. Uh topics and themes. So, what's happening in the video from a theme perspective. Uh engagement quality is obviously a no-brainer. And which type of people are converting after seeing each creative. So, like I said, it's kind of building that map out, and it understands that this message works for this type of buyer. So, that's pretty much Andromeda in a nutshell from in a very simple simply put way, it is a machine that is understanding or that's what I say is evaluating everything that's that you're giving it from it's where is the product who's talking with the product how is what words are they using to describe the product using that to then find potential buyers who are showing similar engagement interest purchasing behavior on their platforms and like you have to think about it meta does want you to win and it does want you to get sales on the platform so you can spend more so all the all the information is out there and they do put publish papers on this to to study so yeah keep it all in mind and happy scaling. Would appreciate any likes comments or shares on this video if you have any other questions drop them below and I will get to it. Cormac Mahon good.

- andromeda ruined your meta ads performance - here's what to do to fix it: Kind: captions Language: en What's up, guys? Good to see you again. It's been a minute, but I'm back. And in today's video, what I want to do is talk to you about the new Andromeda update. If you're watching this and you're running Facebook ads, I'm sure you've had a bit of a bumpy sort of last couple of months. Uh, especially since August, September, I've noticed that a lot of brands are really struggling. And to be honest, us too. So, a lot of our stores were experiencing a lot of bumpiness. Um, we were actually losing money some weeks. But we looked into the Andromeda update and in today's video I'm basically going to simplify it for you because there is a lot of information out there. And as you may know, Meta does these updates every few years and it reres havoc in the media buying space and in the Facebook ad space. But if you're on the right side of the update, you can grow your sales dramatically and outperform the others who are still running ads like we did in 2018. Now, this is going to be a very short video. I'm not going to screen share or do anything like that. I'm going to briefly explain what Andromeda is and what you need to do. And if you want me to go deep into this topic, drop me a comment below and I'll make more videos on it. But in a nutshell, guys, all Andromeda means is that it wants us as marketers and and brand owners and media buyers to prioritize more diverse creatives. Okay. So in a nutshell, what it means is that the old way of testing ads and running ads is dead. You know, when you used to have a CBO campaign or an campaign, you'd launch an ad set, say, with a concept, and you'd put three ads into it, and those three ads would be iterations of the same ad. Dead. Dead in the water. Doesn't work anymore. What Meta wants is for us to create three new ad concepts. Okay? So, if you're sitting there and making five, 10 of the same ads, you've got an image with 10 different hooks and you're throwing them into an ad set and you think that it's going to magically increase your performance. I'm sorry, guys, but you're wrong. What you need to do is have 10 different ads in an adset, but make sure that they're all different. They're talking to a different avatar. Or they can be talking to the same avatar. That doesn't really matter, but the ads need to look and feel different. Meta really wants diversity. Okay. So, the most simplified way that you can test now is to understand the persona of the customer that you're going after. Understand the angles that you're going after and produce UGC static review style ads, um, carousel ads, you know, customer testimonial, all of these different things and then put them all into one ad set. And what that's going to do is you're going to be able to create a funnel within that ad set. Okay. Now, how are we testing and are we still running bid caps? Yes, we are. We're still running bid caps, but we're testing a lot of our new creatives now in just an ASC campaign. Okay, so we're basically creating an ASC campaign. There's one ad set. Sometimes we're maxing it out with 50 different ads. And the funny part is is that back in the day, obviously, you used to have to segment out your, you know, products by by adset or the type of person you're going after by adset. Now, with the new update, all we're doing is we're throwing all of our creatives into the one adset. Okay? So, whether it be, you know, ads that are going after 40-year-old women or 25y old women or if say you're in beauty, maybe it's for for wrinkles refinement or it could be for acne. It doesn't matter. The point is we're putting them all into the same adset. Okay? So, Meta really wants us to consolidate, guys. You don't need to over complicate things. And honestly, I think that if you are struggling in terms of performance, and I say this from a place of it was us as well, and we had to really take a look at our our creatives and our ad account and see how we could improve, it most likely means that your ads are not diverse enough and you haven't done enough research into the the customer that you're targeting. Okay? Now, I'm going to try and simplify it in in a way like this. So, imagine a big circle of people. Okay? This is your entire customer group. within that circle are micro segments of people. Okay. Now, what will happen is if you have very similar creatives within your ad account, what's going to happen is Meta is going to serve it to one of those micro segments of people and keep serving it to those people. Okay? And that's why diversity is important because what will happen now that when you have diversity is you're going to be able to unlock those micro segments instead of just hammering the same segment. So, what you can do now is check your frequency in your ad account. If your frequency's gone up over the last couple of months, it's likely that your ads are serving to the same people and that's why your new customer acquisition is going up. Okay? And just another point guys, a lot of you and what I've noticed um a lot of you are actually looking at your meta attribution. Now, this is completely wrong, okay? because meta over attributes often and a lot of your conversions are probably coming from view through. So what you really want to do is use a platform like triple or any sort of platform where you can use UTM data and the number one metric you need to be looking at is your new customer rows. Okay, so for some brands new customer rise can be lower because quite simply you can afford to acquire customers at break even. For other brands you need to be profitable on your new customer orders. Okay. So, but if you're not looking at that data separately and segmenting it separately and just looking at meta and trusting meta, you're basically running blind. Okay. So, as a few sort of action steps, what can you do? You're watching this video. You're struggling. You're stressed. Sales are down. Now, guys, obviously there is that pre- Black Friday slump. But the way that I look at these kind of things is I don't give a crap about that. I'm going to control what I can control. And most of the time, and as I've been saying a lot on this channel, it's about creative diversity and it's about creative. Stop worrying about account structure and all that garbage. It's it's not as important as you think. What is important is your creatives. Okay? Diverse your creatives. Add more image, add more video, add more UGC, add more, you know, native sort of ads that are dropping people on advertorials, whatever. Just mix it up. Okay? Give Meta what it wants. It's using AI functionality now to read content and match it with an audience segment. Remember those micro segments I spoke about. So have that in your mind. Look at the metrics that I spoke about. And again guys, if you need help with your ads or you want any consulting or any advice, there's a calendar link in my bio. Happy to help. I've got some slots open going into Q4. So God bless you all. I know it's been a minute since I've I've posted a video, but I took some time off to spend it with my family and switch off. But I'm back. I'm going to be trying to drop I'm going to try to drop, sorry, more content for you more frequently. And as you all know, this video isn't even edited. I just wanted to get it out for you guys because I know that it's stressing a lot of you out. Okay, so God bless you all. I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @peterledniczky [7 likes]: yes please make more vides on this, this update is the worst we had ever since 2017 IMO.
  2. @Wired1200 [3 likes]: Could you break down the campaign structure in this example?
  3. @entertech7293 [3 likes]: Hey manny i'm doing 1 product store from 2024 dec (only static ads) i do 1 cbo. profitable till august. but from september i started facing loss. i launched more ads than ever but still nothings seems to hit. i dono what to do at this stage, create a new campaign or something else.
  4. @sebastianc09 [2 likes]: how would you approach a fashion brand? what type of ads do we need if there are no angles?
  5. @FrontlinePOV [1 likes]: If I launch a test with 20 ads, 2 angles 10 ads each. Would you keep all under 1 adset or create 2 adsets (1 per angle) and then put 10 ads each? Thanks in advance
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  7. @UltimateStrengthandNutrition: Great vid Manny 👍🏻👍🏻
  8. @pibaquebanchonroger1499: Ahora todo en CBO?
  9. @michaelballato264: elite video! creative is king
  10. @BusinessMarielaPerCal: If we're running ads in different languages should we separate by campaign? Or by ad sets in the same campaign? Or throw all into the same ad set?
  11. @TheTateBurner: So basically once you find a winning angle, you can't iterate as it'll be too similar

That means constantly have to find a winning angle? how do you build on that though 

From what I'm hearing this update is encouraging a one and done ad, no finding winning variables anymore.
  12. @michaelmichael2802: What about launching new creatives when I create these mini funnels with all different types of ads in them? Do I create a new adset whenever I launch a new batch?
  13. @MattLoberstein: But how many ads per ad set is too many? What if you had 10x ad sets with 10 similar ads in each set, would you combine all in one for diversity...? If no other diff in targeting etc. per ad set
  14. @mubeenahmad9451: Great info, is there any way to contact you?
  15. @gorandjurdjevic-h2r: Thanks.More videos...
  16. @workingcroo: more pls

- META ANDROMEDA Summarized: What Works And What Doesn't: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Hello. How's it going everyone? So, this is going to be a Meta Andromeda info dump on what is better, this or this. This is all based on our case studies and evidence that we have on our other channel called Croat Growth. Um, where we actually go into accounts and it's more advanced. We give you guys more specifics on exactly what we're doing, the before and after. So, all of this has been tested through that. Now, I want to bring out a caveat and say that this is majority of the time, which I would say 99% of the time. I'll make it pretty obvious though if there's something that kind of fits in the middle more so, but these are the comparisons on what we do and what you shouldn't do when it comes to Meta Andromeda. So, we'll jump right into it, not waste any more time. So, the first one, broad audiences versus interest and lookike audiences. Um, if you know anything about Andromeda and you've been doing your research, you probably know the answer to this. And the answer is broad audiences. Um, so broad audiences are already on by default. And even if you go through the process of um, you know, trying to get the manual audiences in there, it still defaults to going beyond what it says it's going after. So interest and lookike audiences are the old way and that no longer works as well from what we have experienced. Um, the other one, so this is another uh, really good one and this one will actually kind of answer the next one too. So, one ad set per campaign or multiple adsets per campaign. So, ever since the Andromeda update, there is a feature called or it's a dduplication feature. And what that means is that if someone sees an ad from one adset and then another ad set, Meta is going to ddup it and say, "Okay, I'm giving credit to adset one or adset two." And so, what this does is it breaks apart the algorithm and doesn't necessarily allow you to get a clean idea as to exactly what's going on. So the answer is one adset per campaign. Um we actually like to have um only one adset per campaign even in the feeder strategy just because we want to make sure that we're not sort of training the algorithm to kind of find a pocket and sort of build its own audience up without being able to see how it impacts the entire funnel. Um having multiple adsets causes for a lot of issues when it comes to the dduplication process inside of uh Andromeda. So the next one which should be pretty easy is CBO versus So, you can run However, like I was saying earlier, it opens you up to a lot more issues that can occur um for something like splitting audiences and trying to have the same creative and not really have a strategy behind it. But I like to always have CBO. Um I don't really run because I want to make sure that I have one ad set per campaign because we don't want to run into dduping issues. You can run a, you know, in the theater strategy, you could run a um campaign, but I'm not a big fan of it just because I want to safeguard myself from the potential dduping issues that could occur from one campaign. Um, doesn't happen too often and it's one of those things to where if you are properly building the structure out, it's going to function the exact same as CBO. I just want to make things a lot easier. So, I like to run CBO over for that reason. Okay, so the other one is edge tag or no edge tag, 7-day click, meaning you set the attribution to 7-day click and you do not have edge tagging. So this is what majority of people are on versus no edge tag, do you run 7-day click, one day view, one day engage view. Um, so if you do not have edge tag, I always like to run 7-day click. Um, and I do not want to run 7-day view. However, if I have filtered data or if I have um edge tagging, then I will run the 7-day uh 1-day view, one day engage view. So, yeah. Okay, next one. Um, no edge tag feeder strategy or edge tag feeder strategy. This one should be real easy if you're in the school group. Um, so if I were to pick, I would say that edge tag feeder strategy is needed, meaning that you have to have edge tagging for it to even work in the first place because you segment it out by different attribution levels for the purpose of pretty much trying to starve out the one that's feeding the other campaign. So edge tag feeder strategy always, if you do not have edge tag feeder strategy, we never run that. We never suggest running that. We try to stay away from it as much as possible. Um, okay. So, this is another one that's also I would say this one's probably a little bit in the gray area, but I'm going to give you guys what we like to do for the most part. So, we like to go for max volume majority of the time. So, our goal is to try to not allow or not restrict the algorithm to make sure that we are prospecting as cleanly as possible and we get the clean amount of data or the cleanest amount of prospecting possible to get the cleanest data possible on users um and not limit the algorithm. However, I will say that cost caps can work. Um, it's sort of like an audience pool and you're just scooping a smaller portion of the pool up. Um, it's a little bit different. Um, I don't want to go too much in Google and kind of rabbit hole, but on Google, we also like to go after max volume. We never really like to run troz unless it's super super low. Um, the reason for that is because the audience inside Google is a lot smaller, whereas on meta the audience is a lot bigger. Cost caps is not as restrictive as TRO bidding or TCPA bidding. However, um there is also the factor that Meta is just a larger platform when it comes to the outbound potential to where cost caps can work, but we do not typically run them. I'll put this one kind of in the middle um and just leave that just to kind of give you guys the perspective that we still will try this. We'll still potentially run it sometimes, but it's maybe like 5 to 10% of the time. Um okay, cool. So, the next one, micro conversions versus no micro conversions, all bottom funnel conversions. So this one is um a very difficult one. Um however I will say that we always try to go after the no micro conversions and go for all bottomunnel conversions. So the reason for this is because we want to train the algorithm on a qualified audience versus an unqualified audience. Now if we max out the bottom ofunnel conversions in terms of we just are restricted on creative, we don't really have that much um you know growth that we're seeing from the already existing creative. we need to get more volume, maybe there's a longer sales cycle, we might then add in like micro conversions or further up the funnel conversions from like lead magnets, things like that to kind of generate more steam for the creative so the algorithm can kind of test based off of interest, but not really a huge thing that we like to do. Um, we try to stay away from it at the very beginning at least just to make sure that we're feeding the algorithm the right information. So, this one's also kind of in the yellow um when it comes to this. And in fact, I'll make a a yellow tab right now where it's kind of in the middle where it's like we don't really want to do it, but we have done it before to kind of work in certain scenarios. Okay. So, the last one, creative volume versus creative diversity. So, a lot of times people talk about volume being the number one thing, right? We need more volume. We need more volume. That's the goal. And the reality is volume does not necessarily mean that you're getting to different audiences. I actually go for creative diversity over volume. So, whenever I am talking to clients, I like to tell them, hey, if we're saying the same message 10 times, it's not going to do anything. So, you can have a ton of volume and slight tweaks and all these little different angles to get more volume out there, but if you don't have the diversity in the creative, then you're in a scenario where you're not really testing new audiences, you're not testing different angles, you're just cycling through the same people again and again and again, and it's going to get very exhausting for those people, and they're going to get tired of your brand. So, I would say that they tend to work hand inand, but if I had to pick one, creative diversity over creative volume. So, hopefully this gives you guys a super quick rundown of what we do and sort of the mindset that we have when it comes to this. Um, let us know in the comments you have any questions, too. I'm happy to answer them. Or if you're in the school group, uh, shoot me a message. I'm in there all the time if you're watching these videos. So, um, thanks again, guys, for going through this. And if you have anything else that you have questions on, like I was saying earlier, like another verses that maybe I didn't cover, um, or if you want me to go more in depth on one of these, comment below and I can shoot another video on that as well, too. So anyways, thanks again guys and I will see you in the next

- Why You Can’t Scale Your Meta Ads Post-Andromeda (Here’s How I Fixed It): Kind: captions Language: en If you're watching this video right now, you most likely can't scale your Facebook ads post Andromeda because of two main reason. Reason number one is that there is one ad in your ad account that gets all the spend and the moment that this ad performance decline, your ROAS decline as well. All your winning creatives hit uh creative fatigue very fast and so you can't scale your ad budget. And so in this video, I want to show you exactly how I was able to improve the performance of these three accounts. For this brand here, I was able to increase the ad spend from 9.9k to 33.8k while maintaining a very 2.7 return on the ad spend. For this second brand here, I was able to increase the ad spend to 30k from 25k while also increasing drastically the return on ad spend from 2.05 to 3.70. And for this last brand here, I was able to increase the ad spend from 240k to 242k while also increasing the return on ad spend as well to 3.25x from 2.13. And I was able to get these results using the strategies and by fixing all these things that I'm going to explain in this video. So, just to recap guys, these are the two main issue that you most likely have. So, you have all the budget that goes into one single ad and so you let's say that you have a winner, you try to scale it and things goes well and then the other the ad dies and your performance decline as well. Or you have a ceiling in creative fatigue meaning that you find some winning ads but they die very fast and they can only sustain an ad spend of 1 to 2k before they actually die out. So, what's actually holding you back? How you can fix this? How you can actually increase your performance and how you can actually scale your ads. First thing is the ad account structure. The issue here is that you most likely copy ad account structure that you see online rather than building one for your own business based on your business stage, and based on your level of spend. So, for instance, if you use the one campaign setup, this might work well, but only until a certain level of spend and business structure. If you're spending 10k a day in ad spend, of course you cannot keep this same setup. You need to start evolving this setup. And that's because this specific setup usually pushes one or two creatives. And if you keep this setup at high level of spend, 5k, 6, 10k per day, you'll find yourself with only a few winners. And what's basically going to happen here is that when this winner dies, the campaign performance dies as well. So, you need to structure a proper testing framework and make sure that you are scaling multiple winners and multiple funnels simultaneously. This is very important, because this is how you stabilize your performance and you keep scaling. So, I think like you have a winner, ads are doing well, and then this winner dies, and then this is what is going to happen with your with your ad spend, right? So, you cannot scale more. But, what happen if you have two different creatives here, and these two different creatives are are doing well, are doing well? Maybe this one start first, this one dies first, this one keeps going, but your overall return on ad spend here stays higher, because we want to do here, you want to introduce many creatives to make sure that you have different winners that are running simultaneously. Then, the second issue is the creative targeting. So, your creative are either too broad or too sub niche. So, they either either targeting a very very small niche, so they're not scalable, or they are targeting a too broad audience, and so the return on ad spend is very low. Let me give you an example. So, this is the scenario here. These are the two different scenario. You either have one ad, uh this ad number one here, that is targeting an overall general big market, or you have a very small ad that is targeting a small portion of the market. And both cases in here usually don't work because this is too broad, okay? And this is So, what happened here is that the return on ad spend is basically low. So, you might have a low frequency, but people are not converting because they're not very relevant for the audience that you're targeting. While in this other case here, your ad might targeting a sub audience, which is good because it's making the ad more relevant, but the issue here is that the frequency goes up very soon. And so, basically you find yourself scaling the ad to like, I don't know, like 1K in total ad spend, and then the performance just goes down, okay? So, this is what you want to do. Let's say you have Let's say you are into the sleep supplement market. So, what you want to do in this case, you want to have some ads that are focusing on broader personas, things like entrepreneurs that wants to sleep better at night, students that students that can't sleep because of the of the exams, and uh, stressed moms that can't sleep at night, night shift workers that hate their job and question um, their life every night. So, what you want to do, you want to have ads specifically focused on this persona. And then for each persona, what you want to do, you want to have ads focusing on different angles. You want to find the best winning angle, and then what you want to do, you want to scale this specific angle within the specific persona that you're targeting. So, what is going to happen in this first scenario here with a general ad is that you have a lower frequency, it's more scalable, of course, but the efficiency is much lower, and so the performance are lower. While in this second case here, you have a very persona focused ad that is a high frequency, but it's more relevant, and so the performance is better. But this one is not scalable. And so, what you want to do here, you want to create some ads that are targeting specific personas, but you don't have to go sub niche about the personas. You can keep the personas quite broad. So, rather than having, let's say, 10 super small personas, what you want to do, you want to have maybe three, but bigger personas in terms of like audience you can reach with your ads. So, So rather than having general persona and trying to make each single ad more scalable, create multiple ads that are less scalable, but convert much better. So, you scale with smart creating volume. At the end of the day, what you want, of course, is scalability plus ROAS. So, rather than making your message broader, just to target a bigger audience, you can target different personas with the same ads and make scalability much more efficient. Then, the third thing that is holding you back most likely is the creative diversification. So, you think that you're doing creative diversification, but in reality, you're not doing it right. So, I noticed that a lot of people tend to diversify ads only by using the same format. So, for instance, you have a static ads, and then you create an us versus them or an headliner or day one day 30 before and after, you know, these kind of things. Rather than actually converting static videos into video ads. And this is very important. A lot of people do this wrong. So, what you should do, you need to leverage static ads to target fast different angles, personas, concepts, a lot of different things. And then, what you want to do, you want to focus on video ads and double down using video ads on the top performing angles that you're testing with static ads, because static ads are actually easy, cheaper, and very fast to make. Videos might take more time, they're more expensive. So, you want to make sure that when you test videos, you do it only on the winning angle. And this is how you also optimize the efficiency of your your actual marketing budget and creative budget as well. And then, the fourth element is the creative production, which is basically a wrong approach to testing. A lot of people make this mistake, uh which is that basically, uh most of the time, people focus on testing new angle rather than scaling what they already have, because they go with the idea that they need more winning ads. And this is true, but actually, what I'm saying is two different scenario, where you have the scenario number one here and scenario number two. And basically, in scenario number one, you have uh this brand that basically had like test few ads. Then, he finds a winner, let's say this is the winner, and then he started only focusing on different variation of this winner and stop testing all the ads. On this scenario, on the second scenario, you have other brands that are basically testing a lot of ads, then they find a winner, they create only one variation about the winner, and then they keep testing a lot of different angle to find more ads. What you want to do, you want to find a balanced approach, which is the third scenario. I'm going to do it in here. And the third scenario basically means you start testing different angles. Okay? You find a winning angle, and you try to iterate in on this specific angle, but then what you want to do, you want to keep testing also other angles because you want to find winning ads as well, but you would don't want to focus only on this, and you also don't want to focus only on this. You need to be able to diversify well, and also the way that you allocate the budget here is very important because if you allocate the same budget or you let meta allocate the budget across the winner variation, okay, and the new angles, of course things are not going to work because like why you want to do this? If you have an angle that is working, you should push more budget over this angle. So, you might create another campaign or another ad set specifically focused on the winning angle that you already have. So, this is actually how the correct approach should be. You test different angles, you find the losers, and you find winners. When you find winners, you want to test you scale the winners, of course, and then you want to test variation, you find winning variation, and then if you find winners from this variation, and then you want to scale them, of course. And then if you find losers, of course, you want to kill them. But then if you find loser here, you want to test new angles, and then if you find loser again, you want to test new angle, and then if you find loser again, you want to test new angles until you find winners. If you find winners, what you want to do, you want to test variation of these winners, and then at the same time, you also want to scale the winner that you find. So, all the winner, you want to scale them, and you want to test variation until you find new winner of this winning angle and then you test a new variation again, you find a winner and you keep scaling and so the scenario that you will have is basically this scenario where you have a winning ad here, you have another winning ad here and this winning ad are targeting not this are not variation of the same macro winning ad, but this are actually different angles. So they are three macro angle that can target three different personas ideally because that means that this ad can be scaled to a much bigger audience. So you can increase the budget here and not being worried about creative fatigue for instance because you're going towards different personas that technically have a larger market compared to have three winning ads or four winning ads across the same angle, same persona and as much as you can scale those three, you will still be able to reach this audience here. And guys, these are the most common mistakes that usually hold people back from scaling. If you have any question or you want your ad account to be audited by me, feel free to reach out directly by clicking the link in the description of this video. For this video, that's basically it. If you have any question, feel free to leave a comment. I'll do my best to reply to everyone as usual. Leave a like, subscribe to the channel and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisCheatham-js4cw: Hey, I like your videos. How do you know when to kill an ad?
  2. @isisrodriguez4468: Hi Antonio, just wanted to say that this is very well explained. Thanks for sharing!

- How To Test Meta Ads In 2026 Post Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Ha, Andromeda got you and now your performance is down and you don't know how to test anymore. Well, in this video, I show you concrete examples of how to test and scale post Andromeda and what the best testing structure and the best learning structure is in 2026 and how you want to structure your tests to really get the most scale and best performance out of it. My name is William Journey with over 50 million in sales for 7 to 9 figure e-commerce brands. And with that being said, let's get straight into the video. So, before the Andromeda update, split testing was looking different than now. For example, people would go and split test different creatives, which overall is great. You go and you have a hypothesis and for example, you think, okay, like this headline appeals to that audience, this headline to this and this headline to this, and we leave the rest the same. So, we have only one variable different, which is the headline. So, we can really tell, okay, like if performance is different, it's just about the headline. It's just what we said here versus what we said here. And this is why this performs better. And this is exactly how many brands or most brands did it up until recently. So you would have one adset and in this one adset you would essentially have three different variations of the same ad. And you can already see okay it kind of looks the same only the headline is different. Here one example here is the first version right you have the same image and just one headline and then the second version would look like this. All right very similar and then the next version would look like this. So especially on this account like this um brand used to produce very very similar ads to each other. Now that is not really effective anymore because previously it was like okay we put this into one adset and then based on the performance based on where the budget flows let's actually put this to maximum so we see based where the budget flows we know what actually resonates the most and we know okay well this is very very obvious this version this headline performs the best. Now, if you go and do the same thing with after the Andromeda update in 2026, then you will usually just get out trash out of it because those ads, they are so so similar that Andromeda just pushes it to the same audience and it doesn't even consider that the headline. Yeah, the headline is slightly different, but like whatever. It rather looks at the creative format. So, the question is, okay, do we stop split testing at all because now we just need creative diversity? This is also claimed by many people. Well, the answer is no because of course we as humans still need split tests. We need data. We want to learn, okay, what is actually resonating most with our audience, not just random ads in one adset because then we can't really tell, okay, this ad is performing and this not but why. If we have a split test like this, we were able to tell, okay, because the headline is different, that's the only thing that is different. So, we can learn that like, okay, this kind of messaging doesn't really resonate. This kind of messaging doesn't really resonate, but this one it does. So, we make more ads with this messaging. And now we can't do this anymore, right? at least not as granular. The same thing here, one example of like one old split testing ads set. Here we would have like three different ads for the same adset and we would just put it yeah into the same adset. And here you can see okay this is the creative and literally just the headline is different. Okay. So here we have actually different angles. Hate cycling in winter. Okay. The best gift a cyclist could get. Okay. And then afraid of phone getting wet on winter. Right. So three different angles. Pretty solid but with the same imagery. And before a split test like this would be very conclusive. No, not anymore. Now it's more about creative diversity and what kind of format resonates with what kind of audience. So instead of going and preparing something like this which is almost the same ad creative or instead of throwing all different ad creatives into one adset because then you can't learn. So you still want to have split testing batches in one adset. But now instead of just having a headline different or one variable, the variable is actually still the one thing that is different just one variable because if the angle and the creative format and everything is different, you can't really conclude. Okay, like let's say one of the ads performs better, but one is a video and one is a static ad. Well, maybe the video just did a better job. We can't really learn anything from this. Right now, instead, we want to broaden the variable. So, instead of saying it's just a headline or just the image, we say it's the angle that is the variable that we are testing. Here's a good example of this. So here we have a brand selling gold jewelry that uses actually 24 karat gold. So here is the creative format. It is a product image here with a long form text with a headline. Okay. And the split testing variants look quite similar. But first of all, we implement creative diversity or like at least like imagery diversity by having different um jewelry here. So different images resonate with different people and at the same time we hit completely different angles. So not just the headline is different but the whole ad is different but at the same time we keep the angle the same. So we try to create kind of the same ad but three different variations and the variations are not just different at the headline level but the whole like angle. So here we have gold just hit all-time highs and well basically sales copy that supports this headline. Then diversify your portfolio completely different angle [music] and again copy that supports the headline. And then jewelry stores don't want you to know this. So again, very different angle. So first of all, downplaying competitors, then investing angle, then actually making money through a gold angle. Now to show you another example, here's another one. The overall angle is Black Friday. And we have Black Friday. And and that is the main thing, right? This is the constant variable. This is what we're not testing. Now what we're testing is just the visual format here. Because here we have an execution like this. Then we have an exe execution like this. Looks very different but again still the Black Friday sale angle. And then we have an execution like this. You can see the visual format is very different. Different visual formats resonated with different people but the theme of the ad or like the main variable which is the sales angle is the same. Again here we have the same visual format that's the con constant variable but what we are testing but what we are testing are different angles and the whole copy and imagery ideally also reflects that. Now here another example of of the jewelry brand. So here we are comparing the jewelry with other competitors or with other alternatives and that is the common theme. So that is the ad format that is the common theme. But how do we test this? Well, not just by having different headlines or like different images here, but the headline is different and the image suits the headline. So, for example, here we compare it to non24 karat gold jewelry. And this is not even a ring but a bracelet. And this is a solid comparison because someone who might want to buy a designer jewelry something could get lured into buying actually real gold jewelry and buying something that keeps its value. Now the next variation is actually comparing it to rings but again here not gold rings. So is your ring just a symbol or an asset? And then the next one comparing it to luxury watches which is again a completely different alternative or competitor. But here you can see we have actually like a real split test. The common theme, the variable that's the same again is the higher level concept, the comparison concept, but we compare it to very different things. And people who buy luxury watches might find this interesting. People who buy rings that are not really worth much because it's just, you know, a brand marking it up might find this interesting. And people who like buy general gold jewelry might find this interesting. So this is the split test here. And this is exactly what the current algorithm and the algorithm after the Andromeda update wants. real split tests, not just slightly different wording or not just a different background image. And then all of this you just put into an adset here. And based on the budget distribution, you see what performs best and what resonates the most. Now, at this point, you might be wondering, okay, but what about videos? Well, with videos, you do the exact same thing. But of course, you don't have completely different videos. It's mainly about the hook because the hook is seen by most people. The rest of the video is seen by the least amount of people. And also the hook determines the targeting and what kind of person actually gets to see the ad. So we want to have a hook split test where we split test an angle or again different alternatives or something else. And that is exactly what the Andromeda update wants because again different hooks get shown to different people and that creates real creative diversity. So this whole thing is a social proof mashup video. That's the overall concept. And the body of the video and the CTA of the video is the same but the hooks are very different. It's not just a different text hook or a different visual hook. It's everything different. So, here you can see we have an angle. Don't fall for cheap knockoffs. >> Don't fall for cheap knockoffs. There's a reason why over 20,000 cyclists love. >> So, that was the hook and then now the rest of the video is the same. >> Your PSI, hit go and boom, you're ready to ride in under 2 minutes. Tubeless setup, no problem. Travel friendly. And >> okay, now let's look at the next variant. Here we have hand pumps in 2025. So before we attacked cheap drop shipping alternatives, now we are attacking another alternative, completely different alternative which is a hand pump. >> Hand pumps [music] in 2025. No thanks. There's a reason why over 20,000 cyclist >> And now you can see the video continues in the exact same way. And now the third variant >> pumping until your arms fall off. There's a reason why over 20,000 cyclist. >> So that was again a hand pump. Now you can already see okay like the last two alternatives were actually kind of the same. And yes, that is right. So here we had two alternative execution of the hand pump because that is like the main enemy, the main competitor, the main thing that people are still using. The first one was just other cheap products. And this is exactly what you can do with all your other video ads. Now you might be also wondering, okay, but like how many of those like higher level split tests can I actually do? Because we don't want to always split test alternatives. At some point we will know what is the most profitable alternative to compare to, right? Well, this is where we can actually look into higher level creative strategies. So if we look at this graph posted this on Twitter by the way you can see the different hierarchies of impact on your ad and what we can actually split test. So first of all the most important thing is that you can split test what kind of desire in your headline and then the imagery supporting the headline not just being the same imagery for each variation performs the best. So for example if you sell magnesium that can be for muscle recovery that can be for better sleep that can be for whatever else. So those are different desires right? So you can have um one headline about muscle recovery and then someone in the gym in the background. Then you can have one headline about better sleep and have someone in the bed and so on. So this is like still the same kind of ad format as in the static ads that I've shown to you right here as the example, but targeting different desires. Then of course you can also target different personas. The headline for someone who's like 80 years old and just wants to, you know, not feel tired after every day, even when he goes for a short walk, the emotional headline for this person will be very different from the headline for the bodybuilder, right? Versus again the headline for the average gym goer. So again, three different headlines, three different hooks for video ads you can use and it will be completely different based on that. Then of course, the positioning, the angle, the visuals, the text. the visuals and the text really just support the angle that you're split testing. But in general, that is the rule. You want to split test among these. And when it comes to the angle, again, you can split test many different things. The main thing is you keep one variable constant and then one other variable you use for a meaningful split test that actually tells you something that actually tells you that hey like for example if this ad performs the best we know that we should target more people that actually buy luxury watches because maybe we saw that this didn't perform really well but this performed well then we know okay like because we only had these variants in the adset running and Facebook preferred to spend on this one and the audience resonated with this we know that Hey, like actually, okay, like luxury watch buyers like will probably resonate much more with our ads or like with our angles than just people buying casual rings because maybe those don't even have enough money to buy pure solid gold rings. And that is why and that is why you want to have the con same constant variable somewhere and somewhere clear split testing on a higher level, not just a headline or not just an image. Now, if you're actually not familiar how I'm running here ads for Andromeda, check out this video. This is updated for Andromeda and this is exactly how it works. It works excellently for us and it's aligned with the best practices on Meta. Apart from that, if you want someone to go in and create all of this creative strategy and the highle creatives for you, click the first link in the description because this is exactly what I do for e-commerce brands. Keep scaling. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamDixon-h5u [1 likes]: Can you make a video on your facebook ads manager testing structure (as in how you set it up from start to finish post Andromeda update). This would be really insightful + a lot of people have questions around this subject. Thanks for the great videos.
  2. @falcaofellipe [1 likes]: William, why don't use 1 single adset for both winning ads and testing ads? What's the real difference in using different adsets given that using a CBO campaign the budget will be allocated to the strongest ads anyway. I have seen some people using minimum spend budget, but that's not your case.
  3. @TheThengree [1 likes]: Great work!
  4. @RajeshKumar-Mglass [1 likes]: Liked the cycling ad, great one William
  5. @divyv20: Hey William, really nice video! I can see that you and your content have lots of potential and you can really kill with it but there are few things i noticed if fixed can fastrack the growth immediately. Most creators focus only on fancy edits and good-looking thumbnails, but the real growth comes from the right content ideas, angle selection, scripting flow, and thumbnails that actually resonate with a larger pool of viewers. When all of that aligns, people click instantly and watch your videos fully which is what triggers fast channel growth. You can see many who get great results and growth within first few months or weeks of starting not because they were lucky but because of following the right strategies. If you want, I can share how we can apply this into your channel and videos?

- E053: Our Takes on Saratoga's Viral Moment, Meta's Andromeda & AI's Role in Ad Creative: Kind: captions Language: en All right, we are back. Another episode of Marketing Operators. Um, I'm gonna ask you guys how you guys are doing quickly. Cody, how are things? Oh, man. Another day. Another another long day. Sometimes work beats you up. Sometimes you beat the beat the word. We start that again. Oh, it's one Yeah. No, one of those one of those days. I started the day I think Yeah. like 4:30 this morning. You know, not getting that much sleep. Second kid trying to hit the gym. Busy day. So happy to be here with you guys, but my brain is not completely there. So dude, wait. Okay, so we're going to get into this in just a second, but 4:30 a.m. wake up. Huh? When when a 6 week old baby wakes up, you don't you don't get to choose. And I'm so bad at going back to bed. So if I if it's like that time, I'm like, I'm just going to get up. I'm not even going to try to go back to bed. And then and then do you do you dunk your face in the the bowl of Saratoga water before or after taking care of the baby? Yeah. And and can you tell how good my skin looks? That's not beef tallow. That's just Saratoga water right now. Maybe that's what I'm missing. Maybe I got to do that. 100%. Uh Connor, how are things on your end? Things are good, dude. We've uh we've been chipping away at we're getting better at getting ahead of and giving ourselves more time to develop these these uh paid media production road maps that we've been fine-tuning in the last three to four quarters. And um feeling good about how we've continued to improve that process. We just had like one of our final uh presentation calls on that today. So, feeling good about the the ad creative road map. It it always feels good to kind of see a see a bow get uh you know put on a multi-week kind of project or first part of a project like that. So, good good moods on the on the paid media department here. Knock on wood. Yeah, knock on wood. Sounds amazing. We uh we've also from a process standpoint been in a pretty good spot. Like a like a knock on wood things are things are going pretty well because we have said for years I don't know if you guys are in the same boat. We've had so much stuff on our go to market board for years. We've said we're so close to like being ahead. We're so close to having the samples on time so we can shoot the content. We're so close to having the copy. We're so close to being ahead. And we said it this week and I said it's been prophesized for so long. It feels like it's uh it's it's finally um maybe becoming a reality. But we'll see. That's at least how we're feeling for the next three or four days. Well, you knock on wood, too, over there. Let's Yeah. Let's keep Let's keep this good mojo going. [Music] If you haven't heard, Motion has launched expert agents. One of the coolest AI solutions I have seen thus far. It is a way to analyze your ads and complete creative research tasks using AI enabled workflows. Expert agents right now are created and owned by different experts in the DTOC space like Dar Denny and Barry Hot. You can think of them almost like apps in an app store. Whether you're an agency, a solo consultant, or a talented brand operator, you can reach out and explore building your own expert agent with Motion. For brands, if you simply want to speed up workflows and find hard to discover creative insights automatically, you should get expert agents working for you in your Motion dashboard. You can check it out at motionapp.com/expert- agents to learn more. All right, cool. It's been a it's been a busy week on the internet. Uh we're recording this March 25th. Uh it'll come out next week. Um and we've got a lot to cover. Before we begin, I want to thank our sponsors, Motion, Preient, Rich Panel, Afterell, and House. Um I teased it earlier, but we want to talk about Saratoga. We want to talk about the viral morning routine. Uh and if we were marketers, like how would we have approached it? What questions would we be asking ourselves? Do one of you guys want to explain like the viral moment uh and kind of tee it up for the for the group? Actually, should we ask I know that you and I are much more online than Connor Roland. Should we ask if he's even seen it? If he knows what we're talking about hilarious, I do I do in fact know what we're talking about and I knew before I even saw it in the content plan. So, I was I was on top of this when you I was When did you first hear about it? I first heard about it this weekend. All right. All right. All right. So that's that's pretty that's pretty like when did the post go out? This weekend. Okay. I was going to say I'm pretty sure I heard about it on Sunday. Cody, you want to take a pass at at a brief explanation a primer? Yeah. So the thing I can't tell this guy Ashton Hall, which I always think Ashton Wall whenever I hear the name classic. Yeah. One of our guests, one of our top episodes, um had this video and I don't know anything about the guy, but I don't know if he's an in influencer. I don't I don't know anything about him. He's he's jacked. Oh, actually I I can provide a couple more details here. I was listening to uh TBPN and they were going through it and he is an influencer. He he mostly sells courses to people who want to sell courses. Nice. Great. And and he's got a team. So this is another interesting detail. He's got a team of creators around him. He thinks that's a really important piece of like building his brand and building his business. Um and he says he does millions of dollars a year. So and he's over he's got over eight million followers on Instagram. I don't know where he was before this whole Oh, wow. you know, moment. Um, but he had millions before I I'm sure. So, successful influencers selling courses. You can go into the content. Didn't know that. Thank you for the content. Uh, so yeah, just he had this video that went viral. It was like a a morning routine, I guess. And um just a pretty ridiculous video. I still don't know if it was just like a meme, like if it if it was just a mocking thing or if it was serious. I wasn't sure either. Okay. I'm glad I'm not the only one. He's doing all the stereotypical things, right? Like the nose tape, the mouth tape, you know, all Yeah. But he also Yeah. He rubbed the banana peel on his face. He did this thing where he he splashed, you know, he did like a just like a an ice bath just for his face uh in this uh Saratoga water, which is going viral. Uh and and I think that they're way up and their Google searches are are way up. Um what else did he I mean, he went to the gym. He went um he uh he wrote in his journal. He opened up his journal to the very first page and started writing in it. That's where, you know, it's like Yeah. It's probably a fake routine. It's like you'd think he'd be on at least page three or four. Yeah. It's like when LeBron like is reading a book in his press conferences. Yeah. Classic. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's just like ridiculous video. um this long morning routine where I think he woke up at like 4:30 but didn't make it to the gym until 7:30. Just like a completely ridiculous video that I don't know if it's serious or not. I I really hope it wasn't that I guess went viral. Why Why did it go so viral? Why do you guys think it went so viral? It was the ridiculousness of it. I think people saw that were like, "What is this guy doing for 4 and a half hours every single morning?" Like I think it was the and the fact that you couldn't tell if it was him like joking and like trying to act ridiculous or if this is like truly what he what he does and what he believes in in doing. Like I don't I don't know. But I think the ridiculous of it and like the the uncertainty of that piece was what really made people engage with it. And now if you go look at Saratoga's tagged content on Instagram, it's a bunch of people with like bananas in like the ice face bath thing going on. So you can tell that like they're they also thought it was ridiculous whether or not this Ashton Hall guy or not. Yes. I think it's a it's the perfect blend of of trends, two trends that people hate. One is hustle porn and then the other one is like self-optimization. I mean, this is like quintessential like Gary Vee meets Andrew Huberman. uh like a caricature of those two people in one and then and then the video was perfectly it had the perfect amount of believability where it's like yeah you can make fun of it because you think it's really going on. It's I think most people watch it and don't think this might just be a joke and honestly if I'm thinking about it I I don't think it is or it's like just the best best kind of uh like rage bait content strategy but I think that's what really does it. It's just uh it's like a unicorn in that way. Yeah. one of I I I thought it was a joke. Also, like parents are are always like they clearly don't have kids that have that morning routine. Like I think that's like what when I see it and I'm just like damn it, it would be nice to have all that time. And there's like a pretty sick gym that and apartment setup he's got. The the other thing I I I did think it was a joke, but also like I have seen research from Huberman that like if you can't do a full body cold plunge, just dipping your head in actually does have a similar effect. So I saw it. I'm like, you know, maybe everyone's giving the guy a hard time, but like there's actually something to it. Yeah. Oh, like each indiv and then we could start talking about Saratoga social media marketing strategy, but like each individual thing is totally believable. Like the mouth tape, the nose tape that is like there's scientific evidence around that. There's it sounds like some scientific evidence around dumping your face in the in the bowl. There's people really uh you know are proponents of journaling. It's about banana peels. So, I don't know about that one, but it's also it's also just lining them all up back to back to back over the course of like four and a half hours every morning or whatever. It's just like the absurdity of it. Yeah. And then it ended with So, I didn't know this point about coaching, but like the last clip in the whole video was him like on this like coach or courses was on this coaching call like giving this guy some like motivational final oneliner like, "All right, good job. Now you got to go do like even more. And like Cody, you bringing that point up about him selling courses just like ruined that whole video for me. Yeah. So, okay. So, this this moment goes viral. A very key piece of it is the Saratoga water that plays like a it's it's in multiple parts of the video. I think he's dumping his face in Saratoga water, which is crazy. Um, and the part that got ecom or brand or marketing Twitter into a bit of a uh a frenzy was Saratoga's response or the lack thereof. So, they went the whole weekend. They posted nothing on social. People were talking about them wasting this like massive viral moment. They got a couple Instagram posts up Monday morning. Uh, like kind of loosely alluding to it. Um, but largely, you could argue it was largely under capitalized on. So, we got this question on Twitter, but if we each of us were the CMO at Saratoga, what questions would we be asking ourselves as you think about the correct approach to this viral moment? And then how do the answers to those questions inform how to play out the rest of the hand? Um, Connor, what's your take? So, is the question like how are we reacting in the moment versus how are we reacting like longer term? Oh, well, look, I think you can interpret the question however you'd like. You're right. Okay. If you were CMO, what would you do? What would you have done in the moment and and after it as well? I think you got to like engage with it more. I I don't think you should just like and they did, but they didn't really like I don't think they like responded to him in any way, shape, or form. I don't know if they like reposted his content in any way, shape, or form. I see that they did their own Yeah, they've done some of their own stuff, but even their own stuff that they did was very much in their like nonsocial native content style. I was think so so like I think that's the bare minimum. Um I don't know if there's a ton to do other than that. Obviously the original content itself did its thing and I don't know how much more they could have like added on to that in the moment. What I would absolutely be thinking is wow maybe there's something to this organic social more like socially social native content strategy. Like if you go look at their Instagram they're clearly not doing that. It's all like whatever staged product shots. They have this like blue brand forward aesthetic going on. They're clearly not engaging with creators. They're clearly not engaging with socially native content. So that that would make me just rethink, hey, maybe there is an opportunity here. And I don't know if they're if they saw their revenue surge. I mean, I don't know how quickly they get that data. It looks like their their main online distribution channels like Instacart. But I would be thinking about that and like should we go be engaging with creators at a larger scale and trying to like replicate this top of funnel impression play that maybe they they clearly didn't think um was possible because I don't think they've been doing this before. It doesn't look like they've had a ton of activity prior to this moment. So I'd be thinking about that. I would I'd be thinking about maybe like some sort of syndication strategy. Like can we get and it looks like that happened a little bit, but how can they maybe amplify that specific piece of content a little bit more through syndication pages just to like really maximize the number of eyeballs that are that are seeing it. Um, I don't think there's more to do with Hall here. I think part of the reason it works so well, which we already talked about, was because you couldn't really tell if it was like a brand deal or not. From my research, it wasn't. I think the moment that you like cut a brand deal with him, you lose all that. So, I don't know if I would necessarily go and like interact with Hall anymore. But, I would definitely be thinking through like who are some other creators that we could go activate with and and try to like continue this m momentum, see if it's replicable. And also knowing that like if you seed a bunch of creators, the moment in time they're the most likely to post and tag you and use your content or use your product and their content is when this like cultural zeitgeist is happening. So, like the sooner you do that to this haul video, the more likely you're going to show up in other people's content. So, I'd be product eating like as the immediate thing here. Um, and then maybe thinking through some like other like deeper deals potentially. But, like overall, just really thinking about how we can leverage organic social more and like create more socially native content. Cody, what do you think? What do you got? I kind of want to hear. I don't have I don't have that much. I I I agree with like they should have done something. They should have reacted a lot sooner and it should have been a little bit more native to the current, you know, environment that's going on right now. But would love to hear what you got first. Yeah, totally. Okay, cool. So, Connor and I are on similar pages, I would say. Well, let me actually let me actually talk through this a little bit quickly, too. Um, there was a group of people that were like, "Oh my god, they're blowing like the biggest marketing opportunity ever created." Uh, uh, Ashton Hall's video was reposted by an account on Twitter. That was the tweet that went viral, ended up getting a billion views, and you can only imagine all the memes on top of that, dude. I mean, honestly, many billions of views of this. Like, I probably saw 50 or 60 ads that were like related to Saratoga Water in some way. Um, insane moment. Um, and it's just absolutely going like insanely viral throughout the weekend. Uh so people are like uh one of the the the tweets posed like do you fire your social media marketer on Monday because they didn't take advantage of this opportunity. There's another group of people that were like hey Saratoga Water like they've been in business for a really long time. They know what they're doing. They don't need to like bend over backwards trying to cater to this like flash in a pan viral moment which I I can also understand that. Um did you also see like the like the ecom like drop shipping bros be like yeah you should like be ripping spend as hard as you can right now. you know, they don't even have like a website, right? Their shop now takes you to Instacart. Yeah. Yeah, totally. Um, yeah. And that I mean, from that perspective, like I saw another thing that uh Amazon said they had like seven bottles of water left or something. So, it was like I don't think they were positioned to take advantage of the moment from like a financial perspective unless you do try to drive a bunch of traffic to Instacart, which just seems like that's clearly not their business model and that's not the sort of thing you try to figure out on like a Saturday evening. Um, so yeah, I don't think there's a way to like capitalize on it from like a performance or or revenue perspective necessarily. Um, I'm going to land somewhere in between on like how to how to participate as a brand in the moment. Um, I read Saratoga was started in 1862, so incredibly old, 150 years old. Um, legacy brand like obviously not socially native. Connor mentioned it, but like their Instagram is like incredibly aesthetic. It feels very like 2012 or whatever or maybe like maybe like 2014 just like very like purposeful and non-social native is how I would describe it. Um so I think you do risk like overplaying your hand and doing something that is that is not on brand for you. Not like manipulative to the current audience maybe. Yeah. are just something that like you won't be proud of like a year or two from then you'll you'll have felt like oh yeah that wasn't authentic to what we are as a brand typically um Connor Dalt said this on our podcast with him but I forget exactly what the context was maybe it was social strategy but he was like how are we advancing our mission we have a mission as a company it's like I forget exactly what it is something about like the healthiness of their pans or whatever um how we behave on social should support that and that's ultimately if I'm Saratoga water I must know what that is. And then I want to try to participate while remaining true to that mission. And I think there's ways to do that. And frankly, I think they did that in their post on Monday. I understand the critique that you should probably try to get that post up on Saturday. There's billions of views happening. There's so much brand awareness. You should just try a little bit earlier. I don't think there were any tweets. Um I heard that that they hadn't tweeted since like 2022. So, it was like, okay, yeah, you you'd hope they were a little bit more agile to take a brand first approach to responding to this moment and then doing it on the platforms where these conversations are happening. Um, so that's like that's my that's my initial thought and that's pretty minimal involvement. I'm not like they should they should have taken this is like this this amazing opportunity and try to blown it out of the water. It's more critical than ever for marketers to not only understand the full impact of their paid media spend, but where to move dollars to continuously improve results. Pression AI stands out as the only platform offering daily omni channel forecasting and optimization for all your paid media channels without bias. Pression's halo effects show the often unrecognized performance of upperfunnel tactics in channels like YouTube, TV, Tik Tok, and even newcomers like Apple loving. It's 2025 and marketers need to adjust their measurement toolkit to adapt to the changing landscape of paid media. As brands grow, they need heightened investment in more channels and upperfunnel channels and distribution is probably getting more complicated as well. And like I said, measurement strategies need to evolve and that's where Prussian comes in. Pression has been amazing for us helping us understand which of our channels are performing well, especially hard to measure upperfunnel channels like TV, YouTube, etc. It's really allowed us to understand what's driving results where, what the halo impact of these channels is going to be and has really given us a lot of precision and confidence to be able to allocate our budget to these channels that maybe they don't look great uh by traditional measurement you know capabilities. But with uh you know advanced measurement mm with preion it's actually really helped us get the confidence to scale these channels and and it's been amazing. TVs now 20% of our budget largely thanks to pressure being able to understand the impact that it's having you know for a lot of brands was also just an expanded requirement uh to understand how your paid media efforts are are creating impact across your uh retail and wholesale channels and it also does a great job of that with Amazon as well. So I highly highly recommend using Pression to be able to understand the full impact that your paid media is have having on your business. It'll help you forecast revenue, understand your acquisition costs. Uh you can figure out exactly how much you should be spending on each channel. There's a reason Preient is trusted by scaling brands like Jones Road Beauty, Hexclad, Sappa, Hollow Socks, Codory, and over 100 more. Prussion is the leading MM for brands seeking confidence to scale top of funnel, drive omni channel growth with confidence. Go to prussionai.com/operators to learn more and see it for yourself. So, a couple other things. Uh, one is I just looked up what their mission would be and it says this is with Chachi PT, but they say Saratoga Water emphasizes that quote unquote distinction is in the details, aiming to enhance life's moments with their premium spring water. So, one thing I just want to call out is like this guy lives a very like luxurious life seemingly, right? He's got this like beautiful like penthouse suite. He's clearly taking care of his body. He's a successful businessman. I'm like, he is a caricature probably of the lifestyle that Saratoga wants to represent, but like I don't think it's all that off-brand. If it was like some super weird fringe alt comedy, you know, trend, then I could understand Saratoga not wanting to participate at all. This feels like something that you could remain true to the mission of the brand and participate in over the weekend. As well as Connor, I like your points around product seating where I'm like, if I try to turn this into more of a social campaign, I'm probably sponsoring like hyper influencers on Instagram or whatever. Like I might look at sponsoring a I don't know these people, you know, but like Ashton Wall would be so much better at this, but like a Kim Kardashian, a a you know, the New York supermodels. I'd go like hyper luxury. Um, and I I think you could do all those things. I think you could continue this moment while remaining at least relatively authentic to who you've been for the last 150 years. That Cody, are you on board? Can we just move on to the next topic? I don't know how I top that. I'm submitting my resume to be director of social media marketing at Saratoga. Yeah. No, I I I think you're right. Um I think, you know, just judging by their social content, they're they're clearly not trying to play the game of max virality or max, you know, max growth. Like I don't I'd be curious to see like what their earned media program is. Like again, no idea if this was a SP uh product placement or not. Maybe they're much more liberal about brand guidelines on on earn media, but you know, who knows? Um, so yeah, I I I think certain brands are just like, hey, we don't have to kind of completely win the moment. By the way, they probably had the biggest spike in awareness that they've ever had. Like maybe that's enough for them. Maybe they're like, this is crazy. We don't even need to push this any harder because we just got a billion views. Um, so yeah, you don't know. And and I know you mentioned the social. I'm just in their ad library. They did launch a few things like I think like two ads with it. One just says a pairing we never knew we needed. Trends setter Ashen Hall official and it's a picture looks like it's like I guess an image of bottle bucket of ice and a banana and like it's a little bit more branded. It's whatever. It's like one, right? So it's probably a little too little too late. Not enough. But like you said, if that's if that's it. I I I think like I don't even what's what's the banana company? I don't I don't even know like who makes bananas like Yeah. Don't like like they should do a partnership. The problem is that would probably take like 12 months, right? Yeah. That's the thing with companies like these. It would probably take 12 months and then like people are like you don't want to be that company either. Yeah, that's super fair. It looks like this like whole face bath thing has started showing up on Ashton's page as of this year, too. And that Saratoga is pretty much in every one of these videos. So, dude, it's baller. Like, wouldn't you want to hire a coach that just dunks his face in like a bottle of glass water? Yeah, dude. That is that is bougie. that is that is uh enhancing life's moments with premium spring water, right? And and that's that's why I think like seating it with literally hundreds of people that are like filling that that premium niche, whether it's fashion or health or food. Like that's kind of what like nothing says bougie then I'm going to dump out a whole bottle of water just to soak my face in it. So like maybe like capitalize on that cultural like guys in like continuing to drive that narrative of like every single way that these people are using this product is how you would envision like a premium water to be used whether it's for a face bath or for the water you're using to cook your pasta in. I don't know. Um but I think that could be that could be cool to like tap into different verticals. It was like you got the rip bodybuilder, but now you also have the, you know, the primo fashion lady who buys the nicest clothes and drinks the nicest water and like you're hitting different audiences of people by doing that. 100%. Yeah. All right. So, here's what I would do. If let's say like ignore the brand stuff and and let's say you can act quick and you have budget to do it, I would probably work with some pretty large influencers. Do like collab posts with them, right? Get like get like a known biohacker. So get like Huberman or get somebody like that to do, you know, just like more morning routine like ridiculous stuff kind of like joking like making fun of himself. Maybe get uh Brian Johnson like the don't die guy and like get them doing like these routines and like adding just like ridiculous stuff into it which could be the banana or or the ice bath and like get them using you know Saratoga like like kind of like make fun of it and just build on top of it. That's probably what I would do is just get get a few people and get some influencers and like how do you just, you know, create this ridiculous content where you're kind of making fun of yourself. You're kind of like being, you know, just a part of the joke a little bit and know that you were used in this ridiculous way. So, those are like like a few I would do. And then I'd also think like what's next? Okay, like this the water was used in this ridiculous way for these ice baths and it's like so overkill to use like spring water from a glass bottle for like an ice bath. Like what's the next thing? Like do you do a commercial where you fill a full whole pool? Like you probably get people mad at you for doing that if you're going to be that ridiculous. Hopefully people can tell it's like clearly a joke. Um April coming up. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to do that. We also have April Fools coming up. So like you could do something funny there and tie it into that as well. All right. I love it. We've got some some good ideas here. We're going to have some job offers in our inbox from Saratoga after this episode. Yeah. Consulting. Yeah. I don't get the sense they're marketing operator listeners. Yeah. So, we'll see. Um, all right. Sick. Uh, next item on the agenda here. Meta made some big announcements this week. I I figure we talk through them a little bit. Um, had you guys heard of Andromeda? Cloud. Super familiar. They just announced it. So, this is Facebook's it's it's Meta's proprietary machine learning system. uh they announced it in at the end of 2024 and it's really like the the machine learning engine underneath advantage shopping campaigns. Um and what's interesting I think what the what they had like an engineering post go out last week and there's a great podcast on Taylor Holiday's e-commerce playbook. He'll be on in a couple weeks. Maybe we could talk about it more with him. Um but what they talk about is uh it's it's this improve improvement of like the retrieval stage of its advertising recommendation engine. So like just to quickly explain what that means um or at least how I interpreted it is you've got you can imagine Meta's got like millions of ads hundreds of millions of ads that they have the ability to recommend and show in someone's feed. And a really um computational intensive step is figuring out when I'm deciding what ad to show Connor Rolain is how do I choose between these millions of ads across all these different ad accounts. And what they're excited about with Andromeda is that they're doing that way more efficiently than ever before. Um, so that's like the the big takeaway seemingly is that there's been this like step change in um the amount of ads that they can process and that they can pull from like a much larger set of ads in order to give better recommendations and serve more relevant ads to uh users. And what they said is that this was at the end of 2024 and I imagine it's just been improving as quickly as everything else has. Um but they saw a 6% improvement in ad recall and an 8% improvement in ad quality metrics uh after deploying Andromeda. So what people seem to be interested in is that is how this changes one how brands are utilizing advantage shopping and then two how are you structuring campaigns and how much creative can you have live or have within a campaign now that Meta is better at viewing all these different ads and recommending the right one to the right person. Um so teeing it up with that information. Connor Brolain. Um, I'm curious. My question that I've got here is like, are you guys seeing any differences in meta ad performance and are you structuring campaigns any differently or I'm just curious your interpretation of that change in the the ad engine? Yeah. Well, I mean, I guess anyone utilizing advantage plus then is leveraging this, right? If this is the machine learning that drives that, it's, you know, this isn't like uh, you know, there are certain changes. just like oh you can now take advantage of this thing in the ad account but you don't have to like this is not this is not one of those things right I guess is this only for advantage plus or is this also for not for business as usual as well well isn't don't didn't maybe this is rumor but that manual campaigns are now the same backend engine as advantage plus I feel like I've heard that where they they used to say these are the advantage plus is like a different machine learning model and now they're pretty much the same the article I read I you I don't know. That's a great follow-up point. Um, the article I read was really focused on the ASC+ campaigns. It was really focused on using that. I also think Meta's going to do away with business as usual at some point in time. Obviously, not yet, but like everything's moving towards this future of Andromeda. I think in theory, you should probably be dropping more ads under an advantage plus campaign and that you should hopefully see a larger distribution of spend and impressions behind each ads. You know what what I would hope not to see if this is the case is that we have like 25 scaled ads launched under an advantage plus campaign and two of them are getting spend and to and from my interpretation of this change we should see a more distribution of of of ads being served under a single campaign if it's truly going to be say like you know ad one through 20 is all going to reach hopefully a different person and acquire someone different for you and you're going to get more value and have like more just cohorts being addressed that way. Um, it also should over different periods of time theoretically like spend more behind an ad as it like taps into different cohorts assuming that you might reach different people over different periods of time. So, I think in theor in theory that's what you would see. We have zero customer support ticket backlog right now which is awesome and it's all because we switched to rich panel at the start of Q4. Q1 is usually when we're absolutely drowning in customer support tickets from Black Friday and holiday season, but right now we have none. So, was it risky switching our tech stack right before P season? Sure, but I couldn't be happier with the decision. Since switching to Rich Panel, we've gone from overwhelmed to having an empty inbox, which is place we want to be. Here are three of my favorite things with Rich Panel so far. Number one, if you know me, you know I I love saving cost. So, we save cost on the actual software by 50% right away. Much better deal. We also I I love it. the features, we have better features, better support. I see our team going back and forth with Rich Panel. Even the CEO AM is in there all the time uh giving our team support, building out new features for us. Uh immediate impact, the analytics are great as the, you know, the automations are amazing. The AI social media moderator as well, you name it. There's just been so many features that have we've been able to add on to either reduce our tickets or increase our efficiency, which is the name of the game. Second thing is we've actually had 1.26 26 million in revenue generated from our CX team in the last four months. Literally turning CX from a cost center to a profit center. And third is getting early access to all their new features that are being released. Uh like updated analytics dashboard, a bunch of AI stuff, AI social media manager, uh you name it. It's been super helpful for us. You probably have a backlog of meta ad comments if if you're one like one of the operators and spending heavily. And that's where I love the AI, social media manager. You're able to set everything up, automate it. It's able to learn from your best agents, your best replies. People think it's it's a human. It's amazing. Uh and it's allowing us just to get back to everybody, offer a better customer experience, answer questions, get our ads performing better. So, I love it. If you want to join the 2000 plus 7, 8, and 9 figure brands that switched to Rich Panel to save money, save time, and keep your customer service team happy. I highly recommend it. We switched at a really important time, and they came through for us. So, if you want to slash your customer support expenses by at least 30% overnight while reducing tickets, go to richpanel.com/demo to book a call and learn more. That's richpanel.com/demo. Do you do you see different metrics on manual campaigns and advantage plus campaigns in terms of like new visits, new customer percentage, incrementality? We we barely do any any manual bidding. It's very rare that Sorry. I mean like man just like business as usual campaigns. I I call them I guess met Meta calls them manual but just like you know ASC to non ASC. Oh yes absolutely like way more middle bottom of funnel for ASC. Uh return on ad spend is oh yeah return on ad spend is typically higher because of that just because it is generally a much lower net new visit rate. So these people are are folks that have been in our funnel for a while. Um, so we still roll these out, right? Like there's a time and a place when we do and like especially during a sale period, we make sure we have ASC campaigns live at any time, but yeah, very different like soft metrics and performance metrics that we see in uh that's so interesting. We don't we we don't if anything we see better with ASC actually. It's new and yeah, new visit rate, row, all that kind of stuff. Um yeah. Um it's not that ASC is that good, it's that all of it is that bad for us. But yeah, but we don't see a big difference. So, we're like complet almost almost completely on ASC now. And when you say when you say that bad, you've talked about this before, but you guys are hitting 60 70% new visits. Um, yeah, like 65 is like probably where we we're average at, which I think, you know, there's a lot of creative fatigue in there. There's there's other stuff. But yeah, I did I did I did see Olivia from House tweet that she has like a theory that like accounts do well either with manual like BAU or ASC like not having like a a huge split. It's just like what she's seen from I guess test she's been across kind of uh Ridge. What do you guys committed to to one or the other? Yeah, that was like her theory. Huh. Just like Meta seems to prefer that. Yeah, I could see that. Uh we we do use ASC in some of our conversion optimize or purchase optimized campaigns and then as I've been talking about on the podcast the last couple weeks we do a lot of the um view content optimized is like 20 to 30% of our account right now and those are BAU right I don't I don't I don't actually spend that much time in the account but um so that's probably the biggest difference so because of that we do have a split um so yeah we are we are leaning into ASC we've You got manual campaigns optimizing for view content. That's where we stand now. Um I am interested to see like what I'm doing with my team is just figuring out if this is the case if we can have more ad creative in a given ad set like how does that change our account or I think it goes back to because it's not even so much I guess they're kind of one and the same, right? But it's not necessarily about like oh I have 30 ads in my ad set and now meta knows which one of those is served to which people. It's actually like just how many ads do we have available to Meta across the account? Like it's just it sounds like we can just have more and it has become increasingly likely that Meta can find some deep cut from our ad account and say we're going to recommend this to this person. So, we might see I would love to get more value out of diversity because that's not something we've typically seen. Like, if we're really speaking to different types of personas, different types of people, you know, whatever we're highlighting our different campaigns between NFL or MLB or whatever else, I'd love to be able to just have a ton of content live and Met is that much better about recommending that to the person. And I don't know what that means in terms of ad creative in an ad set, but I like that future. I'm I'm here for it. You know, I actually I was looking at the at our ad account right now as you were just chatting and actually like what I was guessing should happen in an ASC is definitely happening in our account. Like I'm looking at the ASSE campaigns that we do have running. Um these are generally like we're not testing in an ASC. These are scaled campaigns. Like I'm looking like you know we have a top new creative. We have some like I'd say 35% of our spend in the last 30 days is going into ASSE. So still mainly business as usual. But in the ASSE campaigns, um, we just have like a bunch of ads dropped in there and it actually is a very even distribution of spend. We're not seeing like a single ad take up 80 85% of the budget here. So, I guess that would like that does fall in line with this idea that this is going to serve the certain ad to the right person more effectively here, which is which is great. I think especially if you're a brand that can produce a lot of creative. Um, and I've always hated when you drop like 25 ads in a scale a scaled campaign and it's like three ads are getting spend like why are we even producing all these ads and even trying to scale them? It's just like the machine learning is not like working in our favor. So, um, yeah, I would want to go in and see if like how that ad distribution looks in some business as usual campaigns. Um, I guess my my question is like how how is this different because I feel like for the past like year or even two med like med has been preaching creative diversity and we'll we'll show your ads to the right person at the right time and you know all of that stuff like have they just seen that this is coming and it's it's been the same thing or is this something new? Like does this seem like something new to you guys or is this just a small tweak on the backend model behind it? That's what I'm not understanding. So my interpretation is that this was announced in late 2024. I don't think it had just launched. So I think it they had been rolling it out. They announced Andromeda in in 2024 and I think it was like October or something. Um and then I really think it just comes down to it continuing to improve and that's where it's like and that doesn't surprise me at all like it's it's some sort of like partnership with Nvidia. So it's like deeply I AI related and hardware related. So I imagine it's benefiting from the same sort of like increase in quality that we're seeing from Chat GPT or Claude or any of the other AI tools. So I I imagine it's really hard for us to like quantify and know for sure. But that just seems to be the trend here is like, hey, this is what it's doing, which I think is interesting. This, hey, we're going to get way better at analyzing tons of creative and then recommending the right ones to the right people so you can get sort of different distribution and we're just going to get better and better and better at that. And it's going to increase ad recall and it's going to increase ad quality and advertisers don't have to do anything different. Like Meta is literally just getting better at their job of matching users with content that they'll find interesting. Yeah, it makes sense. I mean, yeah, I'm I'm super skeptical of that. obviously will take any improvements that meta can give us and I and I do think it continues to go in that direction in terms of you know we do the work you just make the creative like like it's just going to get more and more u like that so how like what are the recommendations that meta is giving behind this are they saying like are there any you know they've got the the the power five and the performance five and whatever five now we're on and all that stuff like are there any new best practices that they're kind of recommending based on these changes I haven't gotten anything directly from meta Uh the the DTOC brain trust was talking about more creative embracing broader targeting, more hands-off media buying essentially like just load up a bunch of creative. And then the third point that was uh forget this came from some sort of article was talking about optimizing postclick experience where it's like okay yeah load up a ton of content let meta do all the work going from content to driving someone to your site and then focus on improving the site. Makes sense. So, it's it's and I'm not trying to be like a Debbie Down or anything, but it's really like this the same. It's more of the same. It's just the same direction we've been going in, which is like AI of all the media buying, creative is the targeting, and you know, conversion rate is part of your your bid in the algorithm. 100%. Um, yeah, true. Yeah. I mean, they're trying to build like it's like they're just trying to continue to like the advice has changed the same. They're just trying to make the technology um make that advice even sounder, basically. It's like, right. Yeah. More creative team like really good creative flywheels and team and and brands that have that are going to continue to win like Okay. So, we'll just keep keep on the same path basically. Totally. I Everybody should just get better at their jobs. Brands get better at content, they embrace more tools for meta, we all start making more money. That's what that's what Mark Zuckerberg wants us all to believe. I I do think um it is kind of ironic that the other side of this conversation is all about having to optimize for non-purchase events. So it's like so that doesn't instill a lot of confidence, right? It's like oh my god, we got this engineering article about how much better it is at matching users to content. And at least from Ridg's perspective, we've never gotten less incremental results from meta. So, it's like and and and I'm sure it's different for for brands of different sizes obviously like we might be facing a a a different problem set than someone at 10 or 20 or $30 million a year. Um but hopefully they begin to address more of that and they're working in that direction with like incremental attribution and things like that. But uh yeah, as it stands now, I'm I'm kind of with Connor Rolain where um what seems best for our business is actually not embracing ASC at all or at least having a significant percentage of the account not utilizing it, which does not seem like a meta best practice. But but I could see how this is like a lot of brands I I talked to that are like, you know, maybe not stuck, maybe stuck, but they're at 10 to 20 million. I think this is actually very empowering for a brand like that because I think the advice for that brand to break through would be not to go to a different channel and try to unlock that channel, but to just get better at creative within that same channel. So, you're not it's like I think that's an empowering piece of advice to a brand that's like we got to 10 million or we got to 20 million through meta mainly. Like what do we need to do to keep breaking through? True. It's like, well, with this new change, in theory, you should just be able to like make better and more creative, and that should be the lever within the same channel that took you to 20 million, but it's just now get better at the inputs, and maybe that can take you to 30 or 40 million, which I think's like a lot more empowering than being like, hey, go try to unlock YouTube and go try to unlock influence or like a new channel that you aren't like necessarily competent in. So hopefully this is a good thing for for a low eight figure brand trying to take it into that that next phase of growth. Yeah, 100%. Yeah, they they they keep saying things are getting better on their end. I don't know many advertisers that are seeing that right now. So I really hope it's going to happen. Same. Yeah. I mean it's also um uphill battle. I think I saw a stat this week. Consumer sentiment at like a 29month low or something. Yeah. Yeah. Look, it doesn't really matter how many ads you can reference in your recommendation engine when people don't want to spend any money. No, it's not all meta's fault right now. It's It's a struggle. Yeah. Um, cool. There were a couple other updates in the I want to talk about chat GPT and and AI image generation because it's highly related. Um, did you guys see any of the other meta announcements and did you want to talk about any of those? I did see them. Any any that you think are noteworthy? The one that I liked the most was and it looked like they were going to first roll it out in like Australia and like I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Australia and some other country that we're not we're not doing any business in. Um but shops experiences but that have call to actions to you could build your cart in a in platform shops experience and then check out on our website. And I thought that sounded awesome. I think that would be much better than the full integrated Facebook shops experience. And you know, they've had the um you can toggle that on and allow Meta to choose whether to drive someone to your site or to shops, which we saw some like just really weird data around. We saw Meta driving a ton of people to shops. Um which I can understand how that's a quicker and like more native experience, but like I was highly skeptical that it was actually driving incremental revenue for us. Um, so this idea of native fast experience where you can explore the catalog, build the cart, and then the checkout's happening on Shopify and then you're just entering all of our other systems in the way that you would if you were shopping on ridge.com. I thought that was super exciting. That is cool. That's like I feel like that's a perfect balance of like reducing friction and trying to take someone from the social platform to the site, but also there's a lot of baked in trust with the typical checkout process on someone's website. So maybe that's the good balance of like we're reducing friction, but we're also increasing trust. Totally. That's cool. It's like a it's like a native landing page basically, right? Uh they also had they had another announcement around that where you could you could capture an email and then give someone a promo code which I remember talking about that with the um the Meta Shops PM in San Francisco in 2023. We were like, "Yeah, I'd really like an email capture in the shops page and they got it going. It'll be live in 2025." So big stuff in the works. If you're running an ecom brand, you know the game of maximizing AOV. And that's exactly what Afterell does. Over 35,000 e-commerce brands, including all of us at marketing operators, trust Afterell to power their upsells and increase their AOV by 30% on average. Their upselling suite works from checkout all the way to the thank you page. Here's a few things that help Afterell stand out. One, you've got one-click post-purchase upsells, which we talked about on episode 40 with Shane and 33 with Zack Stuck. It's a great way to drive revenue without adding friction or expecting the customer to reenter payment. Two is you get checkout upsells, which we use heavily at Ridge, and they have the ability to monetize your thank you page with their free rocked thanks, formerly known as network offers. Uh, some real numbers from Afterell users, up to 35% increase in conversions and over a 16% average conversion rate. If you're not optimizing your upsells with Afterell, you're leaving easy money on the table. Book your free demo today and get Afterell for 60 days free. Go to afterell.com/operators to claim the offer. I thought this was a good transition. We're talking about Meta being really good at taking a ton of content, picking out the pieces that are recommending and then recommending that to a given user. Uh Chat GPT just rolled out new image generation in their 40 model. Um which should make it in theory way easier for brands to create ad creative. Uh so like it supports text really well, various styles. It understands the context. You can give it good prompts. People were creating cartoons around uh ridge ads. I created one for marketing operators. It was like incredibly good. I fed it our podcast cover and just said make this fun and it was great. It was like a very high quality image in illustration. Um so we're moving towards a world where Meta is able to process and recommend from a larger set of creatives. And then on the flip side is there's technology coming out that means we can generate a ton of new creative. Uh so people were asking about our thoughts on that on meta. Um so like just predictions around how workflows change, how teams change. Um if you guys are seeing any of that today or what you think that looks like over the next three or six months. Um one of you guys want to take a first pass at that. I mean we're we're we're using static ad designers. We have real people designing all of our emails, all of our ads. I think that I mean I think there's always been so much power in a really strong brief like and I think that's what that's the job of a leader of like of a marketing or to do right is like you need to be able to write a really strong brief and like work with your team to bring that thing to life and like I don't know about you guys but most of my like doing time now is is like spent writing briefs and then reviewing assets along the way. So, I think this is just an extension of that. I think the power this like puts even more power in the hands of the person that can write a really strong brief. Now, I like I I don't know if this will ever totally take out the need for a static ad designer. Maybe eventually. I don't think we're there yet. Maybe this is like a really good inspo thing for like, hey, I I am I have an I'm like the the marketing leader of an org. I have a concept in mind. Maybe I go into chat GPT and like beat it up a little bit to get it to like a point where like now not only do I have a brief, but I also have some like examples where previously like you wouldn't have had that. So maybe it's effective to like make these briefs even stronger to then hand to a real like person to design and like bring it to the finish line. Um but like not I'm not saying it also can't give you final assets to put in an ad account or in an email either. It's like I don't I see it at least in today's state being more useful for like getting the download to someone that is going to bring it to the finish line versus getting it all the way to the finish line. Which part were you agreeing with, Cody? Um, I mean I I have I have some parts I maybe actually disagree with, but the part about how like if you're a marketer and you're not a designer, you know, maybe don't expect it to create a finished asset and like replace your designer, but you can just kind of use prompt it or some type of AI to create like almost a mockup or a wireframe that then you can give to a designer and it's just like, hey, here's where I want it. Cuz I think some part of the brief that's just challenging is like communicating your vision to the person. And I've used it like I've even used like replet or lovable to like dev out a page just to be like hey like this is what I'm trying to do the same way I would almost like sketch it out in the past just like like on a piece of paper. Um so just to kind of bring your vision and idea to life and then you can go and give that to a designer who can actually make it look pretty and nice. So I I I think there's a ton of value in like today now um where you can get that. I think here's here's how we're using it. Um, I I I've been playing around with with the Sora stuff today, so I definitely want to, you know, chat about it. But the biggest thing is is research. Like that's that's the biggest one that has made the biggest difference. Motion's got some cool agents. I think Deep Research has just, you know, off the charts cool. Um, hopefully I can say this on here. So Meta actually gave grants to like a few different companies, mostly agencies, I believe. I don't know if you guys have seen this at all, uh, to build some AI tools. And I have a pretty close relationship with the owner of one of these agencies. And so we we've been kind of like a design partner beta access to one of their tools and it essentially synthesizes reviews. So the same way you could upload your reviews into chat GPT but it's it's manual have to keep doing it. There's also probably some training of the model that they've done. And so like one thing that in the past I I I done and it's really timeconuming. If you want to build a new landing page in a new listical and you want to figure out what content you should put in that what should all your bullets be? you go to your reviews and every time you see somebody talk about dry skin, you you tally it off and you just go through that over and over and over. Like that's something AI can do automatically. And again, Chad GBT can do it. This this tool can do it um really easily and really well. So like we don't write any uh brief without, you know, research anymore and and we don't write it without, you know, AI research. So like just trying to compile all that stuff in one place. any agency we on board, we give them all that stuff. All of the persona research we've done, all of the review synthesizing, things like that. But yeah, like we're working on like a new landing page brief today. Like all of the bullets, all of the points, we're we're really all that. So we know what you know, this tool has like persona attributes, value props, barriers, and problems. And so we we hopefully now know a bunch of those things about our customer. Okay. So quickly, you're synthesizing all this data into the platform and then the platform like you can click around in there and you can see persona's value props and the syncs you mentioned. Yeah. Yep. Which I mean you can do this with chat GBT. You just have to you know upload a CSV of reviews and then just prompt it for a little bit and tell you. Right. Right. And then and then there's a chat interface in there so that when you need to go, if I understand this correctly, you need to go build a landing page. So you're jumping in there. It already has all the context that it needs. It knows who your customer is. that knows what your value props are. You say, "I need a landing page for uh our Mother's Day campaign." No. No. So, there's no chat. There's no like Gen AI. This is essentially just training based on the research. So, it's not connected to any like generating anything, but it'll just be like, "Okay, here are essentially it's using AI to to cluster the reviews." And so, if you get, you know, 100 reviews and 20 of them have this sentiment. It's really just doing sentiment analysis and just kind of clustering things. So it'll just say, "Hey, of the 10,000 reviews you have for Miracle Bomb, you know, your top personas are this." And it's creating personas based on those clusters. So that's what it's doing with AI. Or it'll say, "Hey, the top barriers that people have are price." And then number two is smell or whatever it is. Like it's just kind of doing the sentiment analysis based on it. Got it. Um but but it but but it's been helpful. So that one's helpful. I think deep research is insanely helpful for um research. And I think like things like what came out today. Have you guys played around with like the the Sora stuff? I know that guy Jacob kind of tagged all of us and used some of our products for it. I just did the prompt around our our podcast cover. Nice. And then my team was starting to do like some ads and stuff which was cool. Yeah. I'm I'm curious if like you know people more more skilled at creative than me maybe would could get more out of it. Like I think that's the funny thing. Everybody's like this is replacing designers. Like I actually think the more skilled you are the more you can actually get out of AI with some of these things. Um it's kind of kind of just 10xes your output and if you don't have the skills in the beginning like um so I I haven't I've been playing around with this thing. I haven't like gotten anything out of it that I'm like oh I could launch this. I think it would be it could do what Connor said which is like hey here's a format uh here's a layout like can you go design this? I think that would be cool. One we started playing around with one. So it's called visual electric. To me it's the most photorealistic AI you know gen AI thing. Um, like our April Fool's post is going to be made with it. I gave it to our uh our creative director and you know gave her the initiative to really start playing around with it. It doesn't do like you can't get your products in it. It really can just do like prompts or anything that you know you can do, but it's the most photorealistic. So like if we're doing like a personal listical and we're talking about like why Miracle Bomb is great for moms, let's say we don't have that lifestyle photography like this I think you can do and it's like unnoticeable. Maybe chat GPT now you can do it but like this is the best I've seen. Um so so like I don't know if you there's this guy Kyle runs a brand called Jack Henry. It's like a men's skincare brand a figure skincare brand and he I I I learned about this tool from him cuz he posted some of it of of the stuff. Like the props are just like you would ne never know that they're AI. So again I don't you still have to you take the props you create the props with this thing and then you have to like put them in Figma or into Photoshop and like add your product stuff in. So, it's not like it's like completely generating assets. Um, I think it's helping with 20% of the process, I think. But to me, what the exciting part is is like the speed that it's happening. Like I could totally see by the end of the year, you know, there's going to be one of my big predictions there's going to be a ad creative static ad creative builder that like I do think can replace designers. Yeah, it does feel like we're pacing towards that. It's March 25th now. We've had nine months. I mean, it feels just it's gotten insanely good in the past like two. Mhm. I feel. And then like think about just the volume of assets that brands will be able to produce. Also, if if you get the the connected or the the generating assets connected to the thing that's essentially doing the research and prompting and like coming up with copy, like then it's probably an endless loop of of static ads you can make. And then imagine just feeding all those assets into Andromeda. Life on easy mode. No, no, but seriously, I mean, I'm not saying like I don't think it's going to crush performance, especially if every brand is doing this like Yeah. How how do you compete? But it's not that far away. Yeah, totally. My my two takes here are one, I'm excited in the very short term just from an ideation perspective. Like that's what we were talking about in Slack today when my team was working on it. Someone sent one and they were like, "This is a great idea." Uh, and it was a good idea, but I'm like, dude, we could just spend like 10 minutes on this and it could be like actually really good. Uh, so it's like it's like augmenting the design process. So, it's like everybody can start ideulating and contributing visually. And then I do think at least for a while we're going to put it through some design lens. And that just might be me being like pearl clutchy about the quality of the static ads. Like in this case, I was being really nitpicky about some details. Um it regardless it probably improves the speed at which we can create content like in multiples like 2 3x or something. Um and then the second one is I do think it will I I just don't know how I think right now we can succeed in the meta auction because we can produce more highquality content than other brands. But if that cost of content goes to zero, then it's really, yeah, it's not about the design at all at that point. I'm not quite sure what winning looks like at that point. But maybe it is a matter of like prompting diversified assets. Like a lot of what I saw on Twitter today was like, oh, it just looks very similar. You're placing products in, you're doing the value prop callouts, you've got some headlines. So, it's like it's no longer about just the content existing and you having been able to create it. It's way more about like the what is the unique perspective behind the content because that's what you'll have to be winning on. And if that is the future, 6 or 9 months from now, 12 months from now, the team will probably just have to look a little bit different. Like our creative processes will be will be more around unique ideiation versus less ideiation and more focus on production. If you want to hit next level growth, you need to move away from correlationbased measurement and move towards causality. There is no better way to test your channels, your levels of diminishing return, certain tactics within a channel than using a geobbased incrementality testing tool. And that's exactly what house is. That is exactly why all three of us use house. House is a self-s served experimentation platform that allows you to configure regional test and control experiments to measure incrementality and identify points of diminishing returns. House is really the it's the most controlled the most scientifically sound way to do any sort of marketing testing and experimentation. These things are very very hard to set up on your own. It's rigorous. If you have one little variable messed up, all of a sudden your data is not trustworthy. That's why House is such a valuable partner. All you need to do is go into your ad ad accounts and add exclusion or exclusion list. Run the data or run the test. And not only do they set up the test for you, but they also help you interpret all the results. So they're handling experimentation design and experiment analysis and also even going as far as helping you make sense of what to do based on that data. And we at Hexclad have gotten some insane insights this year from all of our household out tests. So our core strategy this year has been doing channel level holdouts to really see which channels are driving the best and most efficient cost per incremental order. So we've tested YouTube, Meta, Google PMAX, Tik Tok. We're now testing AppLovven. We are getting a sense of which channels are driving the most incrementally efficient first-time orders right now. And the amount of insights that come from that information is insane. It helps us inform where we develop creative. It helps us inform where we scale up budgets in certain channels and bring certain budgets down. Plus, we are now able to use our incrementality results and actually plug it right into Preient. So, not only are we getting causal data that is actual data that we can trust to make decisions off of, but now the media mix models and the probabilistic data from Preient is even more accurate because they're using actual data to inform their models and the readouts that they're giving us. House is an essential addition to your measurement stack. Go to house.io/operators. That is spelled hus.io/operators to start your incrementality practice today. Do you do you think that so Cody you were saying that that tool can create like really compelling lifestyle imagery? I wonder if there's like an ever an in between here where it's like what winning looks like from a production standpoint is giving the AI tons of raw assets to work with. You have lifestyle ads, you have product shots, you have like you just have this insane raw asset library. And now your briefing is like I want like a like a product shot overlaid on this or like this type of headline and this type and like they're like using all the raw assets to kind of put together the most compelling piece of creative it can versus having to like generate all of that with the AI too. I wonder if there's like a middle ground here that like having a better raw asset library make gives you makes you more powerful with the prompting and what you can produce is like a final a final asset versus having a less filled out raw asset library. That's a good point. That's a good point. I don't know. Yeah, I wonder if it'll get to the point where you don't even have to produce the the raw assets because you can also do them just with a you know a product render. Um or if or if that's really your main input that you know then you can create variations off of. Sweet. Uh all right, last piece on the agenda here. Cody, you had a prediction this week. You want to talk through it? Yeah, I did. I had a prediction. It's one of those predictions that everyone hopped in. They're like, "Dude, you're an idiot. This is already happening." Like, that's how you know it's a good prediction. Yeah. Yeah. It's already coming true. All right. Yeah. I I uh my prediction I said brands today I I have a typo and I just realized brands today have one social media account for the most part it's run by internal teams and they pay influencers for distribution. We're going to see brands having multiple accounts that they pay creators not influencers to run for them and and so you know a lot of people are like oh what do you what do you mean or whatever. Um, and then a lot of people were like, "Dude, this is already happening. Either we're already doing it and it seems like definitely want to get your guys take uh on this, but it seems like it's happening a little bit in DTOC e-commerce and and happens uh much more often in SAS, it seems like." Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I And I think that's a really interesting trend. I was talking with um a VP of growth at one of the big like B2B SAS companies and he was telling me that they did it and I was surprised by that. I think it was I think bill.com did a good job of it like a year ago or something. And I don't know I don't know what has kind of caused this. Maybe it's just what I was describing is it's been affiliates who are like on the forefront of marketing strategies and then typically like DTOC brands and then B2B SAS is like way behind and it feels like there's certain types of marketing the software is just further ahead on and organic social seems to be one of them. Do you think it's because they're less precious about brand? Because like there's so much to me like this whole like like like I'll Matt Jones Road like we're we are very outdated in our approach to Instagram. I think we're we're living in like 2022 maybe of like best practices maybe even early where it's like pretty feedbased like creating content for your followers and it's just not how it works anymore. Um, and now obviously the algorithms have changed so much and it's it's it's merit based and it's content based and engagement based and there's obviously it's essentially the same um, you know, to to bring it full circle the same like AI model behind it. I'm sure it's different, but it's it's just bringing people relevant content. And if creative testing and volume is so important, right, on paid social, like maybe it's that important on organic social and maybe you could just from your same page be posting 10 videos a day and seeing what pops off, but you can post 100 videos a day from 10 page, you know, if you have 10 total pages and you just get more more shots at that on it. Um, but I wonder if brands are just still too uh idealistic about their feed and their profile and what it looks like and these SAS companies that really don't care as much about brand are are playing the game the right way. It's got to be something like that. They can't be like if you're if you're Tabs Chocolate or if you're Bill.com and you have I don't know, let's say 20 different pages all with a different creator making that content all with different styles of content. Like they're certainly not reviewing all of that. I don't know what it what their review process is is if any, but they're saying any any negative brand connotation is going to be one like infinitely outweighed by the impressions we're getting and the different audiences that we're that we're hitting because we have different creators representing our brand in different ways. Yeah, 100%. Uh there was I I sent a tweet today. It was some it was an app that Nikita Beer was an adviser for and they had 26 ambassadors. They were posting 52 videos a day. So each was posting two videos and they had thousands of posts up like um yeah nobody's reviewing that. They're just thinking and that's kind of like the Nikita Beer growth marketing strategy, right? Like that is just a CPM arbitrage. It Yeah, it is because we have things like reals and Tik Tok today where you can post organically and if you post with the right format with the right hook, you can just get organic impressions. And there are there are certain types of brands and I don't know exactly why it's the case cuz it's not the typical like cutting edge, you know, industries um in terms of marketing. Um so something's shifted there. But clearly clearly a lot of value to create. I like it Cody personally as a prediction. You were getting a little bit of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for it I guess but uh was besides people being like this is already happening. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah. That's all I mean. People be like, "Yeah, this is happening." But like, but for 90% plus of people, they have no idea it's going on. Yeah. Yeah. Do um do you guys like are you guys interested in this approach? Do you think it's something that you guys would do or have considered or or or not really for you? I like it. I mean, like especially our Instagram where it's a lot more higher production value type content. So, I think it's I like it because a it's an opportunity for us to like veer from that. Um, I also like it because cooking is a vertical with tons of different sub personas in it. Like, we could activate 50 people that are all reaching a we could have, you know, the the 23-year-old in college, the 30-year-old male that's a bachelor, the 55year-old like like housewife type lady. I think it's a really cool opportunity to like create different content for different niches. Now, that's my growth marketing brain. If you asked our chief brand officer or head of content, I'd be curious if they if they agreed with me. But I think it's a really cool strategy for and it's like a fun if you can crack the content in the creator. It's like all of a sudden you've just found a way to reach, you know, hundreds of thousands, millions of people that's not paying Meta $20 per thousand impressions. Yeah, I would love to do it. Um I would love to see I think it would work for all of our brands. you I feel like um cooking and and beauty lend themselves so well to short form social. Like you could totally imagine having 10 20 creators who could create awesome content on a daily or weekly basis. Uh I don't know what it would look like for us. The way that we would probably try it first is we'd have a couple guys just out shooting the wallets like every day. Uh see seeing what stands up against, you know, some sort of rifle, a handgun, whatever. Like that is probably the content that we could consistently create and generate views around. And I would be totally willing to try that. I mean, dude, you could do a whole a whole page just for that. Just just guys shooting guns at things. 100%. Yeah. I I think the only reason obviously there's an investment behind it, but really the only reason that, you know, maybe a brand wouldn't or we wouldn't is if you're just, you know, that precious about brand and and it feels like it's like a brand risk or something like that and you just want, you know, your one one feed. But outside of that, I think it makes a lot of sense and it's it's something I'm very very very open to and very interested in and uh we'll we'll be close to will be interesting to watch. But yeah, definitely feels like even like Nikita doing it like a very growth hacky way. It's like like you said a CPM arbitrage and just like very very growth hacky, not caring about brand at all. But it's it's it's that whole like Tik Tok affiliate algorithm. It's just like how do we just get an army of people, you know, creating content uh about our brand? And and yes, you have organic seating, you have affiliate stuff, you can pay people to post. Um this is just another way. It's just a little more centralized. It's kind of like right in between like brand and earn media. Totally. Um yeah, so I like that as a strategy. If we're talking other organic social strategies, I saw a really interesting example. I've been talking about this one quite a bit. the like astroturfing that companies and brands are doing. It's the It's like the Kaisenat one that I mentioned where 1x humanoid robots sponsored Kaisenat. They get an hour integration and then they they uh cut that content down and they like promote the clips all over Twitter, right? So, it's like that all appears very organic. Those aren't those aren't tagged as ads or anything like that. those people are making a CPM payment or they are getting paid on a CPM basis, but it feels very organic and it can kind of you can brute force your way to virality. I think I saw it again over the weekend where there was a video of Shaq and they're like Shaq got an ES Shaq forgot he bought an Escalade. That was like the viral clip and it's like some guy showing up to Shaq's house being like Shaq you just got the Escalade IQ or whatever and he's like oh dude I totally forgot that I ordered that or whatever. And it's like it's such like a batty it's such like a batty video. I didn't think anything of it until I started seeing Escalade IQ ads during the Laker game that I watched the other night and I'm like oh I think that is a coordinated approach. Like I think they were like what is a a stunt like a little stunt piece of content that we think could go viral on Twitter? How do we integrate the escalated IQ? Because they specifically called it that and I'm like that's the part that I thought was a little bit odd. I'm like they're saying the full name. Um, so that's also the sort of thing that certain types of companies, I'd put like crypto and gambling and apparently uh Cadillac or like really good at and I would like to experiment with more. Um, yeah. Do you ever see those? Sorry. Go ahead. Go ahead. No, I was going to say also just seems uh like an arbitrage opportunity if you can create content that can go viral. You can kind of brute force your way there and get super low CPMs and impressions. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Do you ever see those those Twitter ads? And I always see them community noted. It's But it's a gambling. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, what's the site? Stake.com. Steak. Yeah, exactly. It'll be And they'll even be in the community notes and it'll they'll just do some like very viral clickbaity things and people, you know, in the community notes will be like, "This is like a state.com ad." And it almost like helps them. Like the community notes almost helps them. Like I wouldn't be surprised if they're having people from the brand community know it at this point. Uh, I absolutely think so. Stake.com, those are funny ones because the product is not integrated into the video at all. It's literally just a viral video and they just overlay a stake.com video in the corner and then uh these like meme pages are like just pumping it out on Twitter and yeah, and then they always get community noted. And I am positive that the community note is part of the ad that like they are purposefully doing that because it just stands out way more. And then most people wouldn't even notice that there's a stake.com logo in the video until you read the community note. This is a stake.com ad. So that's 100% all coordinated. And another one of my favorite forms of marketing going on right now. Yeah. I I just wonder how like cuz like you said, the the content is, you know, not at all related to to the ad and and the company. Like it's obviously probably the lowest quality impression that you can get, you know. Um, I I at a certain point it's it's still worthwhile if the impressions are that cheap and there's enough arbitrage in it even if like the conversion of like impression to to actual customer is is like abysmal. But yeah, I I wonder like at what point you go too far and it makes sense more to do like, you know, you're probably paying like a cent per CPM on those versus like a YouTube integration. You might pay a $40 CPM, but it could be just like the most qualified audience. Well, dude, 100%. I mean, Stake.com is going like scorched earth. Stake.com's stake.com owns kick.com. So, they used to sponsor a ton of streamers, super high CPMs. They would stream on Twitch, them gambling online or whatever. Twitch banned gambling. So, stake stake.com just created kick.com. So, like that is their version of sponsoring YouTubers. They actually created their entirely own streaming platform so that they could get like super high quality also probably very expensive uh CPMs via streaming. That's genius. And that's that's how soap operas were created. Do you know that that Proctor and Gamble invented soap opera literally have to run ads on? Yeah, dude. Kick.com is the modernday soap opera. That's good. All right. Thank you for listening to another episode of Marketing Operators. As always, make sure to share with your media buying friends, your ad creative friends, your ecom operating friends. Um, as always, thank you to our sponsors, Motion, Preient, Rich Panel, After, and House. And make sure to like, subscribe, comment on YouTube. Always appreciate your support. We'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Seanecom [1 likes]: one of those days...
  2. @flyinpatrick: I’d like to make a formal request to release the episodes at the end of the work day so I don’t end up half listening to this and half working 😂

- Meta Andromeda Explained: What Coaches Running Follower Ads Must Change Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook and Instagram ads have felt less profitable in the last 6 months, it's not because of your creative, it's not because of your budget, and it isn't because of your offer. Instead, it's because Meta changed the way that their system works quietly in the background, and most business owners didn't even know they did. It's called Andromeda, and essentially everything in the last 18 months in terms of how your ads are shown to people, who they're shown to, how they're displayed has changed, and it's quietly stopped them performing. So, if you notice performance go down, this will be why. In this video, I'm going to explain to you exactly what's changed and what it means to you as a coach, consultant, or agency owner running Facebook ads, and how I've made these changes across client accounts running top of funnel campaigns to consistently keep their followers well below a pound a follower, whilst all other accounts in the industry are generally dying. Before Andromeda, you used to go into the Ads Manager, create an audience, and essentially in that audience, tell Facebook who you wanted it to target. Men in the UK, between a certain age range, with these certain interests, and Facebook literally just put your ad in front of them. Andromeda has literally flipped that around. So, now instead of you being the one in control of who's seeing your ad based off your audience targeting, the Andromeda update means that Facebook has more control, and their algorithm does more of the workload. So, it essentially means you need to lean more into their algorithm because their algorithm is listening to what you're saying, seeing what you're doing, and it's ultimately analyzing your creative and the copy that you use to dictate who your ad should be shown to. So, ultimately, this means two things for you. The targeting that you do on an audience level should be broader now, and then the second thing is that your ad should be even more specific. If you can dial those two in where you've got a broader audience and a more specific ad, you will find your quality is even better, your lead cost is even cheaper, and your ads are far more profitable. However, for coaches, consultants, and agency owners, generally a lot of them will spend a lot of time running top of funnel follower campaigns. And a lot of what you'll see online about the Andromeda update is specific to e-commerce brands and brands running ads direct to selling people through funnels. Last week, I had a client spend 219 pounds on ads and they made 6,600 pounds back all with a top of funnel campaign while the whole Andromeda update is going on. Here's exactly what we did with the content to make it really specific without selling on the front end. So, all that we did is we expanded the audience. The audience we chose agenda, so women in this case. We chose an age range and we chose one location. Inside this, we had very specific content. This content, we posted organically first to fact-check and make sure that it actually worked. We saw proof of concept first. There's no point us going in and just running content with an ad if it's not performed organically before because we're then paying to guess, whereas we could literally guess for free by posting organically. But the big variable here is instead of just posting it on the grid, what we do is we actually post it as a trial. It means that we can split test multiple things at once, assess how they perform, and then only mix the winners into the ad. So, the big takeaway that I want you to take from this video is you need to make your ads far more specific. And the only way that you're going to do that is by really speaking to one specific type of person and testing multiple different angles. For example, if I was a fitness coach and I was trying to appeal to women, a very good hook that we could use for our content in the top of funnel campaign would be if I was a 70 kilo woman looking to lose 5 to 10 kilos of body fat in the next 8 weeks, these are the three things that I wouldn't do. And we'd then have that piece of content with all the call to actions around following the page. But what we then also do is we'd even want to go one step further and look at the background and the surroundings that we have. Are we in a gym environment? Are we outside? Are we in a kitchen? We want to split test these different variations because Facebook will then see what our background is, they'll listen to what we're talking about, and they'll literally then show our ad to the right types of people based off all of these factors. But it actually allows us to lean into a strong suit because our audience is broader, we're then not capped with a frequency score. So in ads, there's a metric called frequency which shows us the number of times that our ad is shown to the same person. When our frequency score shoots up, it means that we're paying to just show our ad to the same person multiple times, which on a retargeting campaign can make sense, but when we're running a top-of-funnel campaign, we're looking to bring cold audiences into our world, so we want to make sure that our frequency score is as low as possible. And because of the Andromeda update, it means that our audience can be very broad, we're just literally targeting a gender and age range and our location, and then our ad is the specific thing that hones in on the targeting. So if you're currently running ads and you haven't updated for the Andromeda update, then here's essentially a five-step process that you need to follow if you want to get your ads profitable again and get them ready for the updated system. The first one is consolidation. What I like to do is have one main campaign which is the scaling campaign which has our our high-achieving, high-performing ads in them. I like to then have a testing campaign alongside this. We don't want to test creatives in our scaling campaign because that then takes away some of the budget that is allocated towards the things that are performing. So we can then have a testing campaign with a far smaller budget to test performance, and only when it's profitable can we then mix it into the actual scaling campaign and have a piece of that budget? Now the second point is auditing the hooks and making sure that our hooks and content throughout is very specific. Like I mentioned earlier, if we're targeting women, if I was a 70 kilo woman looking to achieve this. If we were targeting men, if I was an 86 kilo man looking to get to 80 kilos in the next 6 weeks, this is what I would do. That's obviously specific to fitness, but even down to that granular level, talking to a specific type of person. And from a fitness perspective, continuing that with that example, those two weights, so 70 kilo for women, 86 kilo for men, generally are the ones that perform best because that's generally the average weight statistically across both men and women. So if and if we're not targeting the fitness industry, we still want to make our content very, very specific. Andromeda also likes multiple varieties. So you want to give it variety instead of just running everything through one ad, which is why we want to use the trial real concept on Instagram to post content, test it, trial different hooks, trial different variations, and then only move the winning ones into testing campaigns, and then once they're performing into the scaling campaign. Now the fourth point is go very broad with your targeting and very specific with your ad. If your audience has loads of detailed targeting and interest targeting, go broader. Let a broad audience run with your specific ads inside. Now the fifth point is stop pulling your ads so early. Facebook has a learning phase, and for us to get an ad out of learning into an optimized phase, it has to run for multiple days, 7 to 14 days in most cases. And if we're pulling ads too quick, we're literally not giving Facebook enough time to actually find our winning creatives. I personally much prefer the Andromeda update because it means that content is even more specific. We can talk with the language that our leads resonate with, and Facebook will literally pluck those leads out of their platforms for us, and and it means that there's less need to go even more granular targeting. It levels the playing field because before these bigger companies had massive email lists, and they could create massive look-alike audiences, whereas now it levels the field because it just means that whoever's the best at content and the most specific will generally get the best quality leads.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shopadonisking: Good Video

- How Meta’s Andromeda Update Is Secretly Changing Your Ads (And What To Do About It): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just rolled out one of their biggest algorithm updates and it's called Andromeda. And if you have noticed that your ad performance has been down since August, this could be why. Some businesses that are rolling this out see their CPMs drop with 20% whereas other businesses actually see their customer acquisition tank. Meta quietly built up their ad platform from the ground up and some advertisers have no idea what hit them. I'm about to show you how Andromeda exactly works, why your current Facebook ad strategies might be obsolete, and what strategies you can use and implement. Right now, we've been testing this in client accounts and we're spending millions a month. And we have a case study where we actually show that it's working great and another case study where actually the customer acquisition is tanking. So, if you're running Facebook ads in 2025, you got to understand this. So, let's dive in. What exactly is Andromeda? Think of it as Meta completely rebuilding the engine of a car while you are still driving it. They didn't just change the algorithm. They fundamentally changed how Meta makes decisions which ads are actually shown to users. Here's the technical bit made simple. Andromeda is Facebook's new ads retrieval system. Before, when a user opened Facebook, Facebook would basically decide out of a few hundred ads which ads it was going to show the user. Now it's scanning thousands, if not tens of thousands of ads in a few seconds. Using sequence learning, it doesn't just understand what you're doing now, but what you have done last week or past month. The old system was like a librarian grabbing a random book off the shelf. Andromeda is like an AI that has read the whole library, knows what you exactly read, and therefore will have a much better prediction of what you actually enjoy reading. And here's where it gets wild, because Meta paired it with Advantage Plus, which is now on by default on both CBO and campaigns. So this basically forces you to run campaigns on autopilot. No micromanaging anymore. The machine is now really in control. And this changes everything on how we run ads. We used to want to have only like three to six ads basically in an adset because we know that Facebook was going to shift the budget to one or two ads. That rule is done. Or the 20% tax rule on an image irrelevant as well. What matters now the most is creative diversity. And I'm not talking about making 15 variations of a headline. Andromeda rewards portfolios with fundamentally different creative ad concepts. Think of it like this. Rather than split testing the buy now or learn more button, you want to have fundamentally different ads in your adsense. Problem solution ads, founder story ads, or UGC. The system now thinks in terms of creative portfolios, not individual ads. The system is now looking at your complete creative library and it matches your creative library to the behavior of the user. One person might see a testimonial because that's what they watched yesterday. Another sees your product demo because they have been researching solutions. And here's the counterintuitive part. Adding more creative to your campaigns actually is working now. We are seeing 30, 40 or even 50 ads in a single campaign absolutely crushing it. The old way of like keeping it simple is basically over and done. Forget everything you know about campaign structure. The new winning formula is simple. One campaign per objective per front-end offer. broad targeting and as much creative diversity as you can. We are really starting to move away from audiences and ABOS's. No more complex funnel as one Andromeda optimized CBO campaign can actually tap into all of the audiences throughout the funnel. Top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel all squished basically in one campaign. So consolidation is king. Why? Because in order for Andromeda to work well, it needs that data density. If you split your budget across 10 different campaigns, you're basically depriving the algorithm of data. But if you put it in one, two, or three campaigns, you're feeding the algorithm with data, and you'll see that it will actually start to work better. In the ideal scenario, your campaigns now have at least 10 different ad concepts. So, not just 10 different variations, but completely different ad concepts. And the recommendation of Facebook is to try to test at least 20 creatives per week. So, that would be 80 per month. And when you have new creatives, you can do two things. Either you feed into your evergreen campaign, or you have a big testing campaign that you're consistently pushing new ads in, and your winners you push into your evergreen CBO advantage plus campaign. So, let me show you what this actually means in practice. So, Cleanies, one of our mastermind students, saw their performance tank in mid August. Their CPM started to increase, drove a higher cost per click, and therefore obviously higher CPAs. And they completely restructured their ad accounts. They went from eight campaigns down to two, one per front-end offer. They took every winning ad from the past year and even the ones they turned off because they were fat fatigued, they were loaded into one new campaign. So they added founder stories, behind the scenes content, customer testimonials, everything. And within days, their CPMs dropped with 20%. And therefore also their cost per click again and their CPAs actually dropped with 35%. But here's the interesting part. Whereas before one or two ads would basically get the majority of the budget. Right now with having 15 ads in one campaign, we actually see that Facebook starts to feeds the budget and basically spread it out much more equally. And obviously it's still pushing budget to actually the ads that are working, but the spread is much more diverse than one or two ads that are getting like the 90% of the budget. So the lesson Andromeda rewards creative diversity and creative portfolios. But to be fair, it's also not all sunshine and rainbows. We discovered something actually pretty disturbing from one of our agency clients. So we actually saw in the audience segments in the Facebook ads manager that customer acquisition was really strong. We had strong CPAs after implementing this Andromeda structure. We had strong CPAs and strong rorowaz. But the Shopify back end was actually showing a different story because what we saw is that the number of new customers went down since we implemented this and returning customer rate went up. Now you could think that that's a good thing, but in this case, returning customer rate went up because the number of new customers was going down. So what was happening? Andromeda was basically finding people that were most likely to convert and kept circling actually more towards existing customers and therefore dropping the number of new customer acquisition. So what was the solution? Well, obviously we had to go in and explicitly actually still add in exclusions of site visitors and past customers. So even though Meta says, "Hey, listen. You can now have one campaign that's basically a fullfunnel campaign. The most important thing is your back end, if you see something else happening in your back end, you have to make decisions that are actually in the best interest of your business, not in the best interest obviously of Meta. So if you have seen a drop in your ads, here is what you can do and test today. Try to consolidate your campaigns with having a CBO, open, broad targeting with a creative diversification portfolio. You can also go back through all of the creatives that you have had in your archive like historical creatives that did very well. Try to add them together in that one big CBO Andromeda campaign and see if they actually start working again because we have seen that that actually does work. And third, you really need to double down on a creative production schedule because creative production, creative strategy has never been more important. Meta recommends to test 20 ads per week. Now the question is whether you can reach that or not. But you have to start thinking about systems to actually start reaching that. So try to use AI to create creatives briefs. You need to hire maybe a creative strategist or you can work with an agency like smart marketer to help you with that. Fourth, please check your back end. If you roll this out and you see the number of new customers go down and your returning customer rate go up at exclusions, even though that's not like best practices of meta, your goal and your objective obviously as a business owner and as a marketer is to make sure that your customer acquisition stays strong and that we use the tools that are given uh to us. So even though we do see that Andromeda actually does very good things for a lot of our client accounts, make sure that you check your back end and that Andromeda is not going after existing customers just to get those conversions and have a good meta row which is not in your best interest. Your best interest is a strong backend row. The Andromeda update is the biggest update that we have seen since iOS 14.5 dropped, but not a lot of people are actually talking about it and even Meta keeps it a bit quiet. So the advertisers that figure this out right now can dominate while others are still running the 2023 playbook. The old way of testing your way to the one perfect ad is that the future is creative portfolios, consolidated campaigns, and feeding the machine what it actually wants, which is variety, volume, and velocity. If this helps you understand what is working right now, please subscribe, leave a comment, or if you see something else happening in your accounts that is working, please put it in the comments as well. The businesses that adopt to the Andromeda update can absolutely thrive. The ones that don't will wonder why their 2024 campaigns are not working anymore. So, don't get left behind. I hope this was useful and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maurocorreia10 [3 likes]: Hi! How do you pass a winner to the winner campaign?
  2. @agusset1awan [1 likes]: With Meta’s Andromeda-driven campaign optimization encouraging brands to consolidate campaigns while relying on the system to manage delivery through creative variation, an important question arises: does this evolution genuinely serve the best interests of advertisers, or does it primarily advance Meta’s own platform efficiency goals?
  3. @seank2793 [1 likes]: How do you apply this update to local lead gen campaign like landscaping?
  4. @JasonKhehra [1 likes]: Thanks for this video. How do you recommend we do Ad set structure within the CBO? Should we run different ad sets for Founder stories, UGC, etc.?
  5. @learning11-d3g: amazing video. What about catalog ads? Where does is all fit in with the new updates and campaign structure? also when you say broad, the audience signals are broad now technically because meta is saying that it will go broad regardless of the audience suggestion correct?
  6. @iamchieve: Please what’s creative ? Let’s start there as everything will make a lot sense to me if I understand the meaning 😢
  7. @lazurrd: from Afghanistan
  8. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  9. @OlexDesign: Great info - thank you. I am wondering how to apply creative diversity to dynamic catalog ads when you have 200 products plus different variations. Also, you cannot add videos to a WooCommerce image gallery.
  10. @TerrogamingProbro: Nice
  11. @alkhannoussiayoube9723: I don't get it ads was working amazing why this messs we are loosing money testing 😒
  12. @miguelchacker5327: Hi! I’ve been in the industry for around six monhts now. I wouldn’t say I’m an expert yet, but I definitely know my way around. I’m currently looking for an agency that offers a long-term position. I’m also open to starting as an intern even working for free at the start  just to prove myself and eventually discuss a proper pay structure.

If anyone knows an agency or mentor who’s open to taking on a mentee, I’d really appreciate your recommendation. I’m ready to start ASAP!
  13. @b1nvezz15: take link update pls
  14. @Zak-t5y: Question: My current testing CBO is structured in a way where each time I upload something new, I create an ad set with 3 variations.
Should I keep that, or should I restructure my testing CBO so I just have one ad set with all of my testing creatives?

since the meta update rewards totally different ad concepts instead of seperating everything
  15. @nigeldamen7949: But we can we test like 4 main images, 3 collage and 3 carrousel for fashion or doesnt it work like that?
  16. @VitalSleep: What about adding 100 creative or even 200 creatives?
  17. @vitalorigin: What about splitting Ad Sets within a campaign by product or offer? Or should we just put everything in 1 Ad Set too?
  18. @Aazamkaradiia18: So the new update says, do not turn off the non performing ads but only turn off ads that are not spending, right ? So i wanted to ask if i have to add new creatives in that ad-set itself or what ?
  19. @pedrosierra4962: What were you teaching before? One campaign, ads all the way from top of funnel down to bottom of funnel, has already been the best practice.
  20. @sk33nzy: My friend, I haven't been getting any results from message ads for a week. Money is going out but no messages are coming in or 1 message costs $10. What can I do? I'm doing everything, including creative testing.

- Mass Effect Andromeda Vanguard Surprise Trophy - Charge Attack While Cloaked: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey guys, EA supplied me with a code for Mass Effect Andromeda, and I'm going to supply you with a trophy guide. This one's called Vanguard Surprise. While cloaked, hit an enemy with the charge attack. Now, first you need to invest in the charge skill in the biotics tree. Now, unless you have the scrapper character subclass, you're going to have to invest in nine points within the biotics branch before you can unlock the charge skill. Same thing with the tech tree here. You in order to unlock tactical cloak, you need to invest nine skill points anywhere within this branch unless you have the uh operative class. I believe you can pick at the beginning of the game, which would make those free. So again, we're using the charge and tactical cloak skills to get this trophy. All you need to do is cloak yourself with I got it bound to L1 and then charge. As you can see, it literally almost warps you right to the enemy. So, it's a awesome little combination of skills that you can use in this game and there's many combos that you can use. One of the cool things about this game took trophy took a little while to pop, but there it is. Thanks for watching, guys. Make sure to hit the subscribe button. You can do that by clicking on the top left box or watch a newest or surprise video. See you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ericnick4498 [16 likes]: Why are people judging this game solely on the animations alone?
  2. @arielfetters5662 [2 likes]: S'Prise mother$@#%
Lol
  3. @yungpark6435 [2 likes]: This must be the scariest thing when you're on the receiving side..
  4. @Amelia1470: Literally just Noctis in FF15 with his warp strike lol
  5. @Roof1975: Reviews are in.  Not great.  Lol.   Disappointed.  
But glad I played Nioh, horizon, and neir automata back to back I guess.
  6. @abdx8752: I really want this game lol
  7. @ericsen8: PS4Trophies how difficult would you say this platinum is?
  8. @coreymckee4844: do enemies randomly respawn after killing them? I hope they do cause exploring after the story mode would get pretty boring
  9. @bigkev23007: just gonna download on my pc not paying money for this shite
  10. @TheMrpyo1: Is this any good, i'm like 50/50 on getting it... Gameplay looks fun but the characters look retarded

- Mass Effect Andromeda - Vanguard Surprise Trophy Guide - Charge Attack While Cloaked: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's up guys welcome back to late-night guides I'm going to be showing you how to get the Vanguard surprise trophy and Mass Effect Andromeda for this trophy you're going to need to do a charge attack while cloak so once you have access to the charge scale which is going to be located in biotics and the tactical cloak located in tech you're going to be all set to unlock this trophy it's as simple as it sounds but it's going to be a quick video all you're going to really need to do is locate an enemy activate your tactical close to go invisible and right away charge at an enemy using your charge skill you guys want to make note that the invisibility isn't going to last forever it's going to be brief will make sure that as soon as you activate that tactical cloak you locate an enemy and charged atom and if you successfully connect what the enemy you're going to see the trophy pop and that is all this is a really cool combo if you want to use the element of surprise on starting a flight I personally have used it a couple of times and I actually like it lights not one of my favorites but definitely help one it's really cool and that is all for this video I hope you guys enjoyed it and found it helpful make sure you drop a like on this video and subscribe for more great videos thanks for watching

- Meta Andromeda Update Explained (What Changed & How It Affects Your Ads): Kind: captions Language: en Um, actually let's let me break break it down in a more meaningful way because [music] I just went through my meta blueprint reertification program and we are forced to learn this thing now and they give us a lot more information to understand meta androme meta in a more meaningful way and now I have a better way to explain to you guys. Now essentially meta androme meta is actually a new ad retrieval system that is built from ground up okay taking advantage on all these meta uh AI whatever and of course it's actually powered by Nvidia's chips and everything they claim to be able to match the best at to the user based on their behavior and the customer journey in the most effective way so in order to take advantage of Android meta first they always recommend that you go for full advantage plus on it's only available for um you know like a sales campaign, lead campaign and uh the app optimization campaign. So basically all Meta wants you to do is just to give up everything to let Meta decide uh even at the ad level you know if you're comfortable uh turn on the you know the AI generative AI the image um generation even the text generation because nowadays I I believe you can see some of the ads are turning into Mandarin Chinese or even different languages because Meta is actually having all this AI at the back end to really do whatever they can to optimize uh the app for individual viewers. ers uh and users based on their customer journey. If they know that you understand Chinese better, they will actually show you Chinese ad and stuff like that. You don't really need to do a lot of things. You just need to let Meta do its job. But one of the most important thing when it comes to and I mean Android Meta is that Androme Meta now sees the ads not as individual ads anymore, but as a portfolio of ads. So what's recommended here is to have as many ads as possible based on our experience at least 10 ads. One of my clients is having about like 30 ads and we are continuously adding new ads to it as we do different testing and all that. So they want to have more ads and they want to keep these ads running even though they don't have a lot of uh spend and views and all that. That's why when we are monitoring the campaign the way we structure the campaign is different. The way we monitor the campaign is different right now but we will monitor it as an onblock instead of individual ads. So let's say for example as long as we see the ads I mean the performance is doing okay on a weekly basis at the adset level we don't really care much about individual ads because when we are able to build the ads based on different customer persona meta is going to run the ad when they see the opportunity. So how do we optimize the the the ad creative optimization in here. So let me give you a very simple example. Say for example if you sell a kitchen appliances right kitchen appliances target different persona right they are single buyers they are couple buyers they are married buyers they're buying for children and stuff like that so let's say when you have a you know a pool of ads and they're targeting different persona what meta is going to do is let's say for example if meta sees somebody posted something saying that oh I love my I love to see how my son is picking up baking right now say it's coming from a mom because now know that she's a mom and she has a son who's into baking. What Meta is going to do is if you have a, you know, like a kind of like a baking kitchen appliances, Meta is going to show your ad. If you have an ad with a young teenager or young adult, for example, Meta will show this ad to the mom. If you allow Meta to add text or do text optimization on the ad, Meta is going to write something like the best gift for the young one. You get what I mean? Now on the other hand, if a father posted a story of the wife and the daughter baking together in the kitchen, all right, because Meta knows that this this is a guy, this is a father and uh he's very happy when he says when he sees the wife and the daughter, you know, doing baking together in the in in the kitchen. So what Meta is going to do here is Meta is going to show the ad. If you have the ad with a happy family in it, Meta is going to show this ad to the father and say that the best gift for your loved ones. So it's actually something Meta would do and they claim to be doing this very well by matching the best ad based on everything they can actually learn about this user and it's coming in the very very speedy almost I don't know in the blink of an eye kind of speed the more they do this the better they they are and eventually when you have more ads they're able to match the best ad to the best customer persona you know the best way ever so this is actually meta andro meta if you look at it There are a lot of powerful things that we can leverage on. But having said that, it's not just about slapping whatever the ads you have in the campaign itself and it's going to run uh uh you know like automatically. It's not as straightforward. We need to have a different structure first. The campaign structure is different. Now we practice single campaign, single adset. But having said that, we need to have all these exclusion in place to make sure that we're optimizing um the the ad spend and trying to target as many people as possible. And we still need to have a retargeting running. The way we structure retargeting is different right now. And of course, the way we analyze the campaign is no longer the same. So everything is not the same anymore. Even whatever I thought in my last year's course and uh it's no longer that relevant. In fact, I would say except for retargeting, a lot of things are no longer relevant. So in order to align with Android meta, you really need to do a lot of restructuring. If you don't do it, you actually you probably already start seeing your campaign fluctuation is getting more and more volatile. Sometime it's doing better, sometime it's not. And the CPM is shooting that will cause your cost per result to be coming up high. And because of everything is becoming very volatile, especially if you're doing sales and leads and all these campaign, you really need to structure your campaign differently. So yeah, this is all I know about Android meta. But like I say, I don't do courses because I don't believe in courses one way to teach everything. So if you need help working on your campaign and take it to the next level together, I will recommend that you actually sign up for Android meta strategy blueprint session whereby you and I we're going to dive into your campaign. Okay, I'm going to analyze your current campaign structure. I'm going to identify the opportunities. I'm going to understand your business and eventually we'll talk about strategy. From there, we're going to build a plan. I'm going to restructure your campaign structure and I'm going to share with you how do we approach how do we add in new ads in the most effective way for your business different business different scenario. Yeah. Uh and then um basically of course I'm going to share with you how do we analyze the campaign in the new Android meta area era over here. It's not something that I say I can teach just do a course and teach everybody. That's why I'm taking all the trouble to make sure that I am able to help as many meta advertisers as possible in adopting the Android meta hopefully to make your campaign more stable and to be able to take advantage of all this AI algorithm and you know power that is in it and to make 2026 the most profitable year for you in running meta ads. So, if that's something that you're looking for, then scan this QR code and I look forward to work with you. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonGan: ⚠ EMERGENCY AD FIX? STOP WASTING MONEY NOW! Get a direct 1:1 strategy session with me to solve your campaign's biggest block instantly. 

🔥 1. QUICK FIX (30-Min Zoom): Solve your ad problem today. 
➡ BOOK HERE: https://jasongan.link/audit

🎁 2. FREE TRAINING: Access my Meta Ads Masterclasses. 
➡ ACCESS FREE MASTERCLASSES: https://jasongan.link/freetraining

📈 3. FULL COACHING: Ready to hire a partner? Apply for the weekly 1:1 coaching program. 
➡ APPLY NOW: https://jasongan.link/fbadscoaching

- Mastering Meta Ads with the Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en Feeling frustrated with your Facebook and Instagram ad performance? You're not alone. The new Meta Andromeda update has changed the game for e-commerce brands. Let's explore how this affects your advertising strategy. Meta's algorithm is shifting focus. Instead of emphasizing targeting, the performance of your creative is now the main driver of success. So, what does this mean for you? First, let's break down the core features of Meta's Andromeda update. It uses AI to assess ads even before they enter the auction. This means if your creative lacks impact, your ad may never reach its audience irrespective of your targeting efforts. To adapt, focus on the quality of your creatives. Make those first three seconds count. Clearly showcase your product, its audience, and its unique selling point. The update encourages creative diversity. Don't rely on a single hero ad. Create packs of various creatives for each campaign. Use different hooks, angles, and formats such as images, reels, and carousels. This diversity provides Meta's algorithm with a broader range of signals to reach users effectively. Additionally, take advantage of Meta's automation tools. Broad targeting and advantage plus shopping campaigns can help streamline your ad placement without manual optimization, leaving you more time to enhance the creative itself. Next, maintain clean tracking and conversion data. Make sure all your tracking pixels are correctly installed and triggering essential events such as purchases. Clean data allows Meta's algorithm to evaluate your creative performance accurately. When testing your ads, focus on big creative concepts. Small changes usually yield negligible results. Instead, vary offers and styles to discover what resonates best with your audience. Ad fatigue occurs faster than ever with the Andromeda update. So, regularly refresh your ads. Follow the 50, 30, 20ths model by refreshing with a mix of winning ads, new angles, and experimental ideas to keep things fresh. Adjust your strategy to feed the algorithm with strong inputs. Use various creative formats, clear messaging, and ensure that your content is optimized for mobile devices. This is essential for creating an effective meta ad strategy moving forward as you adjust to the Andromeda update. Partner with tools like AdScale. Adscale can help you develop creative diversity, align with Meta Advantage Plus, enhance tracking and manage frequent refresh cycles to prevent ad fatigue. In summary, the Meta Andromeda update shifts your ad strategy from targeting to emphasizing creative performance. To succeed, prioritize creative variety, refresh often, utilize automation, and maintain accurate conversion data. Ready to enhance your meta ad strategy? Embrace the creative first approach the Andromeda update demands. Let's work together to optimize your campaigns for a changing landscape.

- Meta Ads Budget Issue – AI Workflow Fix (24/7 Safeguard for Andromeda Problems): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Mhm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdsnotePro: Feels like this platform is built for experts only. Beginners get lost in all the targeting and campaign settings.”
  2. @hydromentalist: Hey, I've had the same thing happen to me. My budget gets used up all within minutes after publishing an ad. Do you have an idea of what may be causing this and a method to avoid this? I've heard creating a new campaign or ad account completely helps avoid the issue but I haven't tried these or confirmed that they work. Please me know. Thanks!

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  9. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  10. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  12. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  13. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  14. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  15. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  16. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  17. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  18. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  19. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)
  20. @MarriageHabits: Based on the video transcript, here's a complete implementation plan:
Campaign Structure Setup
Step 1: Create Two Campaigns

Set up Campaign #1: Label it "Scaling Campaign"
Set up Campaign #2: Label it "Testing Campaign"
These two campaigns form the foundation of the entire strategy

Step 2: Configure Ad Sets

Create one ad set per campaign (total of 2 ad sets)
Use the same targeting for both ad sets
Use open targeting or very broad targeting (mixing cold and warm audiences)
Only segment by location if needed, not by interests or audience temperature

Step 3: Set Budget Allocation

If results are good/profitable: Allocate 80% to Scaling Campaign, 20% to Testing Campaign
If results are poor/unprofitable: Allocate more budget to Testing Campaign to find winners faster
Adjust the split based on performance

Creative Strategy: Working with Influencers
Step 4: Access Creator Marketplace

Go to Meta Ads Manager
Click "All Tools"
Scroll to "Engage Audience" section
Select "Creator Marketplace"

Step 5: Find Relevant Creators

Search using keywords related to your niche
Look for creators whose audience matches your target market
Focus on niche-specific influencers (don't need celebrity-level creators)

Step 6: Create Your Deliverables Request
Ask each creator/influencer to produce:

2 full video ads promoting your product/service
10 different hooks (first 3 seconds with different opening lines and backgrounds)

This gives you 20 total ad variations (10 hooks × 2 full ads)
Step 7: Brief the Creator

Give them flexibility in how they promote your product
Provide guidelines but let them use their authentic voice
Emphasize that hooks should have visually different backgrounds
Mention you'll be running these as paid ads (free exposure for them)

Implementation and Testing
Step 8: Load Ads into Testing Campaign

Upload all 20 ad variations to your Testing Campaign
Let Meta spend budget testing these new creatives
Monitor which hooks and ads perform best

Step 9: Move Winners to Scaling Campaign

Identify top-performing ads from Testing Campaign
Move winning ads to Scaling Campaign
Increase budget on Scaling Campaign when you have strong performers

Step 10: Continuous Testing Cycle

Keep Testing Campaign running with new creative variations
Work with multiple creators if budget allows
Replace fatigued ads in Scaling Campaign with new winners from Testing
Request new hook variations for winning ads to extend their lifespan

Key Success Factors

The first 3 seconds (hook) is the most critical part
Different hooks make each ad unique to 95%+ of viewers
Creators are incentivized to produce quality work
This strategy scales creative testing without becoming a full-time video creator yourself

This structure allows you to benefit from winning ads while continuously discovering new high-performers.

- Facebook’s Andromeda Update: Watch Me Build a High-Performance Campaign Step-By-Step using AI: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you behind the scenes what we're doing to combat the new algorithm updates for Meta. Now, the new update is really requiring a new strategy. And what I want to do in this video series is I actually want to show you behind the scenes what we do step by step so that you can actually see us integrate the strategies to combat the new algorithm. So the new algorithm is really requiring a couple of things from us when it comes to our Facebook ads. One, broad audiences are all of a sudden something that really works in meta. So before we would tell you to limit your audience sizes, pick particular interests and what we're seeing now is going broad typically works better. The new algorithm has AI built in. one what it's actually doing is it's actually at scale determining whether the creative is a good fit for the interests uh or not. So what we want to do is number one we want to go broad on our interests. Number two we want to allow the creative to resonate with the particular interested person. So, for example, if I'm trying to target a business owner, having specific keywords in my creative and in my primary and headline text will typically work better with this new update. And what we want to do is we want to make sure that we're implementing some sort of strategy so that we can combat the algorithm. The new algorithm is not a fan of very low budgets. And what we're seeing is ads are never leaving the learning phase, right? So, you're starting off an ad, the ad runs, but it never really gets enough information and data to leave the learning stage. So, what I want to share with you is what we're doing behind the scenes. And in this series, I actually want to do three or four different videos. And I actually want to record the process as we go through. I want to show you number one, what is the strategy that we're implementing to combat this new algorithm change. Number two, I actually want to build the campaigns with you. So, I'm going to take you through it step by step. We will build each campaign individually and that way you can actually see what we're doing and then we'll do interval recordings. So, after 10 to 15 days, we'll do another video. We'll show you where the numbers are at. We'll show you what moves we make. And that way, you can follow us literally behind the scenes. Now, the strategy that you implement will be different from business to business, but this new approach is typically what we're seeing really good results from. In the past, what we would always recommend is typically doing some sort of uh capture campaign. So, where you're either getting transactions or getting leads or getting traffic and then we would use a retargeting strategy to capture anyone that had come in so that we could get conversion. This new strategy is actually more about testing more creative. So we want to make sure that the creative is very different. It's not just, you know, a change in a headline. It's a completely different type of content. For example, if it's user generated or if it's a static image or if it's actually a video of a demonstration, you want to make sure that you're using as much variety when it comes to your ads as possible. Now different businesses whether it's leads, e-commerce, whatever it is will have different strategies. Our strategy is going to be around getting our lowest ticket offer through the through the door. Right? So our ad launch academy which is essentially a $27 offer which gives people access to this community and all the information and it gives them access to the software that can allow them [clears throat] to actually launch their ads. It really is the start in our value ladder. So, if you consider a business value ladder, it's typically right at the bottom there. It's pretty low entry, but there's tons of value in this. Now, what we've seen typically in the past with our strategies and the old algorithm is it really worked and we were getting tons of sales. When that algorithm changed, we saw a massive difference in the performance of our ads across the board. So what we're going to do is for the very first time, we're actually going to show you step by step what strategy we're implementing. I will show you the creative. I will show you the ideas and you'll be able to see how this actually translates in the real world. So when this ad is live and when this ad is running, we'll do a check-in after a couple of days and we'll actually look at the numbers of the strategy and see how it's playing out. So this new strategy is typically around creative. Now the AI ads manager gives you one great advantage and that is the creative banks. The AI split tests creative at scale quicker than anyone can do it manually. So what we want to do is we want to use as much creative as possible and very different hooks, very different headlines, very different angles at different stages of the funnel. Right? So whether it's problem aare or solution aware, we want to make sure that we're combating different stages of that funnel. Our strategy is going to be typically running two separate campaigns. One campaign we're going to call scale, and that's the campaign that's going to be the one that we're actually going to put most of the budget in eventually. The second campaign that we're going to do is what we call our testing campaign. So this testing campaign is where we're going to feed all the creative through and this will run the budget. The purpose of the testing campaign is not necessarily to make sales. It's more to find out which creatives, which hooks, which headlines are actually working with the audience. Both campaigns will have identical audience settings. We're going to have no interest selected. purely AI targeting. So, we're pushing the meta algorithm to find the ideal audience. We'll do this in two countries, Australia and New Zealand. And those ads are going to be typically identical besides the actual creative that we're using and then the primary text and the hooks. And I'm going to show you what this phased approach typically looks like. So, let's dive into the strategy. So, I can just show you what this typically looks like. So, if you can imagine, we said we've got two campaigns. Essentially, we have a scale campaign, $20 a day, and then a testing campaign for another $20 a day. And what we're going to be doing here is we're actually going to limit the ages. So, we're going to say 25 to 55 and the entire country, male, female, there's no interest selected. It's literally just go find the ideal audience. The creative in this exercise is actually going to be doing the hard work. Now, with this first campaign, we will put 10 assets in videos and images combinations. We will put four primary texts and four headlines, the way that we do ads normally. and we will allow that campaign to run. The testing campaign will have a very similar setup, but we're going to put a bank of content behind that. So, with the testing campaign, essentially all we're going to do is we'll put 10 creatives, so images and videos, very different hooks and angles. I'll show you some comparisons so you can see. And essentially, this testing campaign is what we're going to use to feed the scale campaign. Whenever we see something working in testing campaign, it will be fed into the scale campaign. We will do this at a structured approach. So it won't be we will need numbers and enough learning to happen with the budget in order for us to make any decisions. All decisions will be made based on the numbers and I will show you behind the scenes how we're thinking and what we're doing along the way. backed by the the creative that we have in the testing campaign. We're going to have a creative bank of additional assets. So, videos, images, different hooks, different angles, different personas, targeting different types of audiences. And what we will do is this will consistently feed into the testing campaign. And then whatever works from here, we will move that into the scaling campaign. So eventually over time the scaling campaign will actually come down to a couple of very good performing assets that we've tested in the testing campaign and we know work and only then will we look at additional strategies like retargeting. So let's have a look at what this looks like. You'll see that there's different headlines and different primary text for each of them and they are different angles and different targeting personas. Right? So we're going to allow the creative to do the work in this exercise. And then if you come down here, this is literally the phased approach of how we're going to do this. So looking at phase one, I just want to try and zoom in so that it is not distracting. So typically phase one, 50% of the budget goes into the scale campaign. 50% of the budget goes into the test campaign. We're not expecting to see much in the first 10 days. What we're expecting to see is some signal. We're looking for which creatives are working, which hooks are working, which primary texts are working. And then what we'll do, this will depend entirely on how Meta uses the budget. So if there is a low budget, which Meta is not enjoying at the moment, if you have a low budget, it doesn't allow the ad enough time to learn. So the only way we [clears throat] will go beyond this 10day period is if the learning period is extended. So if the ads are not learning and we don't have enough data, we will wait 20 days if we must so that we can get the data from the campaigns. Both campaigns will run 50/50 budget $20 each campaign. And then what we will do is after the first 10 days or the first period of time where we can actually measurably see the best performers in each campaign, we will then move some of the best performers from the testing campaign into the scaling campaign. What that means is we will remove certain assets. We will put new ones in from the testing that we know works. And then what we'll do is we'll increase the budget on the scale campaign and we will decrease the budget on the test campaign. Notice we're not going beyond a 20% shift in budget, right? So we're keeping it tight so that the budget incrementally shifts. It doesn't happen all at once. If the budget change exceeds 20%. So for example, if we're transitioning the budget and we need to move beyond 20%, we will do it over a period of time. So every 3 to 4 days, we'll shift that budget out slightly so that we don't break the learning phase and push the ad back into learning. So the next phase is typically now where we've now tested enough assets. We've moved through enough assets that we know which ones are performing the best. We now put the best performers in here again. And now, can you see your scaling campaign? The budgets going up, but we're also using the best assets. We know what works. We know what what converts, and we know where the actual success is in our campaign. And only at this stage, we will always keep a test campaign. We will feed this test campaign consistently with new creative. And I'll show you what we've built now. And whatever works here, we will incrementally move it into the scale campaign. and only then will we look at potentially in creating a uh retargeting campaign. And that's essentially what we're going to do step by step. Now, let's quickly look at what what sort of creative have we put aside here. So, if you have a look, I'm going to just remove the video for a second so that you can just have a look at the different types of creative. So, we have the scale campaign will start off with four images. and six videos. Notice that they all very different, different angles, different people, some have AI avatars, some say e-commerce, some say businesses. Uh very different in its approach. Then we have the testing campaign which has images. It has three images and these are very different, right? This is looking at like kind of perceiving what the ads should bring when they [clears throat] actually run ads. And then we've got the videos. And the videos again are very different. We now have animated versions. We have some very crazy like out there type of ads. And these ads are all designed to test what works. We're trying to see here like you'll have a look. This is definitely targeting an e-commerce business cuz he's packing the boxes. But essentially what we're trying to do here is we're trying to figure out which assets work and then we will move them into the scale. Once we know what works, then we have the creative bank. Now, remember what I said, the creative bank is what's going to be feeding the test campaign. That's essentially the library of content. And notice how vast this content is and how different the content is. So, the creative bank has a whole bunch of images which just tests different angles, different hooks, different um demographics, different people. Then we've got the videos which again different hooks, different angles, different people, different sizes. We're literally testing tons of different creative along the way. Now, what I recommend is for anyone that is trying to overcome the new algorithm and what's happening, what I recommend is focus more on your creative than ever before. We want to make sure that the creative is actually performing. If you've seen a massive drop in your click-through rates or in your performance, typically your creative is something that's not resonating or we're going against the algorithm by being super specific on our audience targeting. So the idea is broad in terms of interests, in terms of locations, in terms of ages, and we want the algorithm to go find the ideal client. Now, what's actually happening behind the scenes is every time you engage with something on Facebook or on Instagram, it's actually learning what your algorithm needs to look like and it's feeding in assets as it goes. The second thing that you need to think about when it comes to these new campaigns is your conversion rates on your actual page. During our ad launch live event, it's something that we we teach you where it's beyond the click and we focus on how do you make sure that your page converts as high as possible. Meta is now seriously watching what happens after that click and it's sending feedback back to know is this working or not. Now, if you have high traffic and no one is converting, meta is getting the signal that what you're advertising and what you're offering are two separate things. So, you want to make sure that there's congruency between what you're offering in your ad and what the landing page looks like. And for our example, we're literally sending them to the Ad Launch Academy page, which tells them what they will be getting. It shows them how what the course involves. It shows them there's testimonials. There's a whole bunch of information here around what they're going to get, how it works, you know, testimonials from previous clients. Um, and essentially this is the start of that journey. Now, this is where we will be sending them. We will most likely be split testing these pages as well once the scale campaign has actually gotten to a point where we're getting a bit better. But for now, we're going to focus on launching the first campaign and then the test campaign. Now, what I'm going to do, this is going to be a longer format type of video, but what I'm going to do is I actually want to do this with you step by step. So, I actually want to show you how we build this for our own campaigns. Okay? So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to just go over to the uh AI ads manager and we're going to show you something we've never done before where we actually launch ads with you watching us. But the nice thing is you get to actually see that we implementing what we're teaching you. And the nice thing is we'll also be able to do the check-in after each phase. So when we do phase one, phase two, and phase three, we're actually going to re-record to say, "Hey, this is the numbers we're seeing, and this is the decisions we've made." So what we're going to do is we're going to start off by firstly, what I recommend is put this on paper somewhere. I don't know how you guys do it in your organization or what you do, but what I recommend is have some sort of layout. We use Canvas specifically, but have some sort of layout. Say, "This is the campaign. This is how much we're going to put in. This is how it's going to work so that you can visually see what the strategy is." And then put your text in. You have everything ready so that when you come to build your ads in the AI Ads Manager, you're not trying to figure anything out. You kind of know exactly what it is that you want to do. So, we've gone, we've agreed on all of these, and they're most probably not perfect. The numbers will tell us what works and what doesn't. But what we're going to do is we're going to start off by sorting out our campaign. So the first thing you're going to do is you're going to make sure that you're connected. So under the brands tab, you will see a section that says connected accounts. You're going to make sure that you have your pages connected. In this case, they are. And you make sure that both your Instagram and your Facebook are selected. And now what we're going to do is we're going to head over to the advertise tab. In the advertise tab, we're going to start off by clicking meta. And you'll notice that we're going to start off right at the top. So it says, what is our goal? So in this case, in our case, this may be different for every business, but in our specific case, the objective is sales. So my objective is there's a pixel on this page that will track you all the way through, but my objective is purchase the course. That's the main objective that we want, right? So sales, we select the pixel, we select the event as purchase. We're not in a special ad category. So we hit save. So now we've set the goal. That's like the most important thing. You don't want to make sure you want to make sure you're setting the right goal. Often what we see is companies set up the wrong goal or they set up a pixel goal that doesn't exist. So, if you're not tracking for purchases, don't set purchase as your goal. So, what we're going to do now is we're going to I'm not going to describe what we're advertising. We're going to leave this open. What you would naturally do is you would type in ad launch academy um training, right? Because I have created all of my assets and I'm ready to go. I'm not going to be doing that. I'm not going to say generate audience and I'm not going to say generate ad copy and I'm I can say that actually and I can just hit generate. No, we don't need to. We don't need to because we have everything already. So, we're going to skip this describe what you're advertising section because we have everything. If we didn't have everything, we would need to type in here add launch academy. Actually, let's just do it this way. Add launch academy course to master online ads. And let's say generate copy. I'm going to leave audiences cuz I know what I want to do. Let's just do it the traditional way so you can see how it goes. But essentially now it's going to look at our website. It will look at what we're offering. It will understand our business and it will typically now start to make sure that the creative and the assets and everything that we're putting in is congruent with what we're trying to achieve. So the first step is your creative. So you have three options. Dynamic ad, standard ad, and then carousel. In this case, we're going to select dynamic ad because I want the ads manager, the AI ads manager to split test all the creative. Okay. So, I'm going to come in. I'm going to select from my library and I am going to upload the content. So, just give me one second. Um, okay. So, it's actually going to be easier to just drag and drop. Let me do it that way. Okay. So, in the scale campaign, which is the one we're building, we will start off by adding the images. So, I'm going to drop in the images here. Now, notice I'm in the image tab. And again, it's important to come to the ads manager ready, right? Like, you don't want to sit here and try and figure stuff out. It takes much longer. There's tons of assets here that will help you, but it's going to take much longer to launch a campaign if you're trying to figure out what creative you want. You want to come to the ad with everything ready. So, I'm going to select these four and then I'm going to go over to videos and I'm going to upload my videos. And now that the videos are uploading, it will take a bit to upload. Um, but you can notice at the bottom I have my selected assets. If I want to view any of them, there's a little icon here where I can view the assets and I can see exactly what it is. So, um, I'm just going to let all the videos load before we proceed to the next step. And then while we're here, let me just show you some of the creative. Right, so we've just we've gone with typical pain points of the ideal audience. This is one of our best performing ads that has always worked in the past. So we're putting this into the scale cuz we know it works. Um, this is a working ad as well in the past that we've seen uh success with. So we're starting off the scaling campaign with things that have typically worked in the past. it doesn't mean that they will work in this specific campaign. That's why we use the the test and the scale. Okay. So, let's just let it finish. It's almost done. We got one left to upload. While it does that, I will select the videos. So, we should have 10 assets, 10 out of 10 assets selected. That's the maximum amount we can put in. And that's what we're going to start with. What I recommend is don't start off with less. Make sure you put as many in here as you possibly can. And once that's done, we're now going to go over to our primary text and our headlines. So, we're not going to use what the AI's generated. We're going to come to our approved text and we're going to literally bring this in. So, what I'm doing here is literally just copying and pasting um the creative that we've approved. And notice we've typically gone a little bit shorter than longer. Like if you look at these, this is two paragraphs. Ideally, we want to just try and keep that a little bit shorter than um what the AI is recommending. And we will do the last one. [clears throat] Okay. Uh, all right. So, your call to action is we're going to use the same call to action for both and we'll leave it as learn more. Um, and we're going to come down to the headlines. Same thing. We're going to take the ones that we've approved and notice the angles are super different, right? So, one is, you know, one small decision, one big impact on your pipeline that kind of targets lead generating businesses. The next one is turn ads into real results. That's kind of tapping into the return on investment and people that are struggling with their ads. um ads that finally do their job. Uh and we can do the last one which is very controversial but let's see how it goes which is fire your agency take control of your ads. Right. So let's see how how they perform. Right. So now that we've got the images, the videos, those are all loaded in. We've got the primary text, the headlines all loaded in and ready to go. We've got the call to action which is learn more. And then we've got the next step. So I'm going to close out creative. The next step is targeting. Now remember what we said. We're not putting any interests in. We're selecting AI targeting. This is the same as basically putting no targeting into meta. um basically saying and it says here this option targets everyone within the chosen location and age range without using any specific targeting options. Facebook's algorithm determines who sees the ads and this is really different to what we've seen in the past where in the past you would be strategic about your interests. We're now seeing the algorithm wanting us to actually open that up completely. So, what we're going to do is we're going to just choose a realistic age group. Um, for my specific case, we're not going to go um let's leave that maximum range at 60. So, we'll go 25 to 60. Generally, anyone below 25 is student and we've just haven't seen good results in the past. Uh, however, the numbers will show us when we actually look at the numbers. So that is our age ranges, our city and location. We're going to put Australia and we're going to put New Zealand. We're going to give the algorithm enough room to work. So we're going to say go find those people. Notice it went from 11 million to 17 million. So we've given it more people to go and find. Right? We've hit save. Now, it will target anyone within that age group, any gender within that location that is interested in what we have to offer. For our placements, we'll leave it as advantage plus. And our website, we're going to make sure is the academy. So, I will paste the academy in here. And we will do that budget, which is the equivalent of 20 a day. Um, and then we're going to go optional. We will activate optimize for me. In the scale campaign, we're not putting in anything in the creative bank yet. The creative bank will get everything from the testing campaign that works. Okay? So, we're just giving it these 10 and we're saying use these 10 as the uh initial uh as the initial campaign. This is the naming. I'm just going to every company is different. Everyone does their naming conventions differently, but this is just so that we know. So this is ad launch academy scale campaign purchase objective Australian New Zealand broadbased targeting version one. Uh and that's just in case we end up duplicating this campaign at a later stage. The last thing that you're going to do is you're going to scroll through this section and you're just going to have a look at your ads and you're going to see, okay, does this make sense? Does it look good? There's no What you want to look for here is you don't want the text to overlap, right? So you don't want like you don't want it to go where it says read more. You want it to be easily readable. Your first sentence is so important on your headlines and your primary text. You don't want this to be too long. You want to keep it short. Boosting random posts is not a strategy. Okay? [clears throat] So that like really calls out people that are boosting posts when they're trying to run ads. learn how to propel ad funnels that move people from click to sale. Right? So, what you want to do is you just want to scroll through these, have a look at them, and make sure that you're happy with them. You say, "Okay, this looks great." Now, obviously, we've done all the homework. So, we know that the creative is correct. Last double check and the headlines. That's perfect. Cool. I'm happy. All you're going to do, scroll down to the bottom. You can either save it as a draft, schedule it for a later time, or launch. So in this case, we launch. And this is the first campaign. So it says you cannot select more than 10 images and videos. H I have not interesting. Let's remove everything. So this is most probably because I selected stuff before the uh videos were uploaded. So let's select the four images and then the six videos 1 2 3 4 5 six and click out. And it is sitting at dynamic ad. That's correct. Double check again just in case anything changed. That all looks the same. That looks right. Cool. Optimize for me is on the name and hit launch. Let's see if it goes. Okay. So, something is not jelling. I've not selected more than 10. Um, okay. Let's do this. So, this is common like it could happen. So, what we'll do is we'll save this as a draft. I'm not going to notice I didn't refresh the page. I saved it as a draft. I'm now going to refresh the page. And we're going to come back into the ads manager and we're going to go to drafts and we will find it. Here it is. We will make sure that it is correct. 10. We'll rotate and learn. Yes. All there. That's correct. Targeting. Okay, that's fine. Website, that's fine. Budget is fine. and we're going to just make sure optimize for me is on. That is correct. Let's see if it goes. If it doesn't go, I may need to I may need to select one less. Let's just see. It's obviously not happy with something. [clears throat] So, let's refresh that again. Let's remove everything and h it has not remembered my videos which is So let's select the four. Let's go over to videos. Something happened with that upload of the videos. So let's just give it a chance to to upload before selecting. So in that case, what I did is I selected things before it actually finished the upload. And I think it may need a little bit more time for the upload, which is actually potentially what is going wrong here. Um, so let's just give it a second to upload all the videos. And we want to make sure that these 10 are very different, right? So you want to see like things like client reviews or client testimonials versus a a static GIF image that bounces on in terms of a button. So all of these ads are very different in their in their design, in their feel, in their approach, and in the avatar that they're targeting, as well as which stage of the funnel they're in. Okay, so we now have we have it uploading. It's almost done. This is one of the challenges with recording live. Um, and we're not going to edit this out, so it will it will be here so people can actually see what happens when things don't work. So what we'll do is now let's select the four that we have the six that we have and we now have 10 assets. The headlines are correct. Learn more. Targeting's open. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And optimize for me. The name is correct. Let's see if it goes. That's so interesting. [clears throat] Okay, so I have saved that as a draft with no creative. Let's see if it works better. Now let's start off with the Let's see if it works better. Um, I definitely think there's something happening with the uploading of these videos. Uh, let me make sure none of them are corrupt cuz that could also be an issue. They all look okay. So, let's go ahead do our final check for the seventh time. let's go here. Sorry. Just I know that I'm going to need that here. And let's see if it goes. So, there's definitely something happened with the uploading of the the videos. So, what I'm going to do on the next one is I'm actually going to upload the videos and we're not going to proceed with anything else until everything's loaded in. Notice that it needs some time now because obviously you're uploading megabytes of videos in. So, it needs some time to process the ad. So, don't when this happens, don't refresh the page. Don't change pages. Don't go anywhere. Stay on this page until the the bar finishes out. Okay. So, it's still going. We're just waiting for the assets to be uploaded. and it there we go. Let's see what it says. Your campaign is live. So, in this case, we want to open the campaign now. We need 28 to 48 hours for 24 to 48 hours for this to be approved. We're not going to do anything here for the first couple of days unless it is not approved or unless something goes wrong. The new algorithm doesn't like you to tweak things all the time. So, you kind of want to when you make your change, make sure it's meaningful. Next, let's go to the uh let's go to the actual scale campaign. So, notice we're not putting anything in the creative bank. We're going to do that for the scale campaign. So, we're going to click on advertise. Let's just show me the enabled one. So there's the I'm going to rename this so we know what this is. Add a scale. And then we're going to literally start again. So click on Instagram. It's now pulled what we were advertising before. So we're going to select from library. Because it took so long. I'm going to start off with the videos. So, same thing. We're going to just upload the videos from the test campaign now. And in this case, we're doing a couple more. There is definitely more videos happening in the test than we had in the original scale. And basically, what these two campaigns are doing, they're not competing against each other because the creative is different. Um, so often people think that ads will compete against each other. It really doesn't work like that. Um, ideally we want to know which assets work the best so that we can use those specific assets when we move it over to scale. So you'll notice that these assets are very different. Like this one literally just takes you through what the training is about. So it kind of shows proof of concept so they can actually see what's going to be in there. um it doesn't really show them what the other ones do. It's a little bit different. This one is an animated version of our most popular ad that we have. Um and that's just him celebrating. So, it's a little bit different, more animated. Here's another one where a guy is celebrating uh that he's got success with his online ads. And essentially, we're trying to drive that feel of like that that's what success feels like when you click beyond this. Now, these ads are extremely different to the first batch that we had, right? Um, this one is of the meta team judging your ad campaigns. Um, and basically that's going to just, you know, that will most probably drive some engagement and some clicks. It might perform, it might not perform. Here's another one of Mark and a gorilla judging you for boosting posts. Um, so in this case, we have 2 4 6 7 So, it looks like they've all loaded. So, I'm going to select them. And we're going to now move over to the images. And for the images, there is only three and they are again very different to the last batch. So, I will load those videos and images. And then we'll move over to the headlines and the primary text. Um, and we're almost at the finish line. So, I've selected the three images. That's all good. We have 10 assets. That's perfect. Uh, let's go now to our primary texts, and we're going to take them from the testing campaign. And what I'm going to do is just copy them one by one. And this is like, can you see how it's like stop guessing about your ads? And then this one's like whether you're managing clients budgets or your own. So it's speaking to different avatars at different stages, right? So when you create your texts, you want to make sure that they are speaking to the problems of your ideal persona that you're trying to attract. naturally, the creative will do the hard work, right? So if something is not working, the creative will show you that it's not a good fit. So let's copy these over. This is just so can you see like learn ads once and for all. Uh tired of hope this works ad strategy. Uh and this is again taking things that the ideal audience would most probably be saying when they actually launch their campaigns. So just finish the last bit. I think I've messed that up. I think I messed that one up. Nope. Right. Now, the same call to action. So, we're not changing anything. The only thing that's changing is the primary text, the headlines, and the and the creative, right? The targeting stays identical. This was to the ages of 60 and this was 25 and we said Australia, New Zealand. That's fine. And the website is going to be this one. And we're going to say the budget is the same as the previous campaign. Optimize for me is on. And now we get to get cracking. So, let's quickly add I'm just worried if I add tons of creative now. I have about I think 40 assets that we have for the test creative bank. But let me show you how this would work regardless. So, we've got optimize for me activated. We've uploaded all our content. So all the images and videos for this test campaign are live. We have different headlines and primary texts and the the targeting is identical to the scale. So nothing's changed. [snorts] And then we've got the website which is the same, the budget which is identical to start. And then we've got optimize for me on. And now we're going to add in the creative bank. So for the creative bank I have oh it's quite a number of assets. So let's just give this a second. This part of the video might be a little bit longwinded because we're now going to upload all the creative um that is going to be tested. So just give the system a chance. there's 19 in total. So, I'm going to make sure that we have all 19. So, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10. You can do a maximum of 50. The more you put, the more the algorithm has to play. And that way you can actually make sure that you know you're testing more. So the idea is by the time we get to phase two and three, we should have another whole batch of creative that we dump in here. Uh so that the ads can just keep going. Right. Let's go to the videos. So we have Whoa. Okay. Okay, so that last one is this boosting campaigns one. My only concern is this is 18 videos now. So let's just give it a turn. Okay, so we'll give this a chance to load. And there's a reason why we're putting all of this in the testing campaign and not the scale. And the reason is we're going to take the top performers from this one. We're going to put that in the scales creative bank. So we're going to use this as the playground to figure out what works, what doesn't work. You'll notice that the content's a bit different. So like when you launch another ad with the hope it works strategy, and this is now them laughing at you because you you did the wrong thing. Um here again we've now animated versions of the lady that is used in the main campaign. Right? So the creative is different in the sense that we can get a feel for what's going to work, what's not going to work. We might find that video works much better than images. We could have the same image and video, but it just works differently. Um here calling out this one calls out specifically Aussie and Kiwis. So, it's like very intentional. This is like a fastpaced, jumpy, realsized uh creative. And that is why it's important to actually build this creative out before you get here. Often what happens is clients get to this stage and they try and figure out what their ads are going to be. You really want to do that in the beginning. Like you want to make sure that before you come and build out the campaign, you have all of this locked in. Often what also happens is they get to this stage and then they're just selecting whatever they can find. Uh that's okay because we want the variation, but you really want to be strategic in what you've done. So you'll notice each of these designs are thought out in terms of what it's actually saying. Like it might like this one says Facebook ads not performing question mark. like it's a calling out the pain point. So, what you want to make sure is that when you're creating your ads, think of the problem that you're solving and think of what stage of awareness they're at. Um, and then build out the creative to go and meet them where they at. The nice thing is you're actually going to see these. So, when you see part two of this training, um we'll actually show you how we make the decisions to switch certain things off. What's going to happen is, and I'll just talk you through this while the system uploads, what's going to actually happen is the AI is actually going to do all the split testing. So, let's say, for example, we have $20 a day. This $20 a day will now be distributed and split test every single creative that we have uploaded. After a few days, once they exit learning, it will determine which are the best performing and which are the lowest performing. It will then automatically remove the lowest performing and only show the best performing. Now, for the scale campaign, what's typically [clears throat] going to happen is it will narrow down until it gets to a few pieces of content that are working. The testing campaign, because we're loading so much creative bank in, it's going to remove one and put one in from the creative bank. Remove one, put one in, and it will keep testing and it will remove and it will put in as it needs and as it sees fit. Now, the only thing that could work against us is the budget. So if there's insufficient budget, it could sit in learning for a little bit longer than we would like. And I did not want to press escape. That is really unfortunate. Uh so I'm going to have to pause this. I'm going to pause this. I'm going to upload all the content and then we will select it. Okay. So, it is now loaded. So, we're going to make sure that we select all of them. So we have 18 videos, 19 images and 10 items in scale, 10 items in testing. So you you have almost 60 almost 60 items that will go through and after 30 days we will definitely know which are the best performers. We'll definitely be able to scale up the campaign. what we're going to show you. I'm going to launch this bad boy. That's cool. Let's hit launch. Uh, sorry. I just want to make Yeah, that's correct. Let's just make extra sure that this is all in. That's fine. That's fine. That's cool. Okay, let's go. So, we're now launched in terms of both our scale and our test. Now, the next step is typically within the next 24 to 48 hours, making sure everything gets approved. What could mess this up is something doesn't get approved. We need to make sure that we upload the right stuff, remove some assets, put assets in, whatever it may be. Uh, however, it's unlikely that it won't be approved because we've strategically planned everything out. Now, what happens next is we typically allow these campaigns to run. We don't want any interruptions in our billing. So, no missed payments or anything to stop the ads for whatever reason. These ads are going to run. We're going to do our best to not look at them. And in a couple days time, we're going to come back and we're going to have a look at the actual numbers. And then what we'll do is we will remove assets that are not working in the scale and we will move assets from the testing into scale that are the best performers. And typically that's how we will roll for the next couple of weeks. Now what should happen is we should get to a stage where the budget on the testing goes down and the scaling goes up and we're able to get multiple sales with this budget. And when you get to that stage, we're then kind of refining the campaign. you can incrementally start increasing the budget. So when your return on ad spend equals more than what you're actually like if you're getting more in in sales than you're spending in ads, you can incrementally increase that ad spend. And generally what will happen is you'll get a welloiled machine. Now this can take time. It can sometimes take multiple weeks. It can sometimes take several weeks. Um but the important thing is that we're strategic in our approach. We're focusing on how we're actually going to scale. We're not just launching. You can see this is so different from just launching a campaign and saying, "Well, here's $30 a day. Let me hope and pray that I get some sales." We're very strategic in what assets we're removing and putting in. And we need to be patient in this process. And what what is great is I will actually record the next session and we'll actually dive into the numbers. So, in the next session, we're actually going to look at exactly where the ads are at, which assets we're going to move. I'm going to show you why we're moving them. I'm going to show you what numbers we're looking at and what signals you need to use in order to move the assets. The only delay that could happen is that the ad stays in learning, which we're not going to know right now. We will only figure that out once the ads start delivering. Um, and then we will be able to make any changes as we need. Now, when it comes to your while this last bit goes, I'll kind of wrap up this video. When it comes to your specific ad strategy, depending on your business, depending on your industry, if you're a local business and you service local, open up your ads with no interest in that local area and make sure the creative speaks to what you offer. So, for example, if you in if you're an electrician or if you're a Sparky and you do servicing of houses, make sure your ads specifically call that out so that it can attract the correct audience. If, for example, you countrywide or nationwide, open up that audience, open up the age groups, open up the ranges, and allow the assets to do the work. If you upload a broad campaign and you only put one or two assets in or you put [clears throat] in assets that are all pretty much the same, there is a really strong chance that the campaign will not work. So just be mindful. What you want to do last step is just come in and say let's label this one. And now we have our two campaigns. And what what is great is we'll be able to measure them up side by side. Um and we will show you exactly how we make the moves and where we make them. But for now, we don't want to touch this. We want to kind of let this go and occasionally check in after a few days. But you want to make sure that we can leave this so that it allows the algorithm to actually test the budget and test the creative that we've implemented. And that is really the new algorithm. It's it's how you're going to be able to combat with a lower budget um these new changes. What I do urge you to do is go back into your campaigns. If you have old campaigns that are still working really well, what I mean by working really well, you have good click-through rates, you have good conversions, you're getting leads, or you're getting sales, and things are working, don't mess with those campaigns. You can test other campaigns, but then you're thinking of the scaling and the testing concept and think about how you can bring that into your business and how you're actually trying to attract your ideal audience. The next step for this once it's scaled up would be retargeting and then we could kind of drive the message on. But for now, this is going to allow us to test 60 pieces of creative and figure out which ones work the best before we go and we throw too much budget on a campaign that is not resonating with the audience. Like I said, this is the first time we've done something like this. This has been almost a 55minute recording. Um, and I really hope you got value in this. And the nice thing is you can literally watch this play by play and figure out how you can apply this specifically to your business. In the next video, we're going to kind of cover phase two and three. So, we'll do phase two. I'll show you how we move assets. We'll review the campaigns. We'll look at what they're doing. Um, and then we'll be able to show you exactly behind the scenes how we get a campaign from nothing, from an idea to a concept to a strategy to actually implementing, but then to really optimizing and scaling. I look forward to seeing your campaigns. Uh, our community is the best place to connect and reach out if you have any questions.

- We Scaled a Brand from $235K to $750K/mo in 120 Days (After Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en We took a client from $235,000 per month in revenue to $750,000 per month in revenue in just 120 days. This happened right after Andromeda dropped. Whilst most brands were panicking about declining rorowaz, this brand 3.5x their revenue. And here's what's crazy. When this founder first came to us, he was doing everything himself, running the ads, making the creative, even writing the scripts. He was working 12-hour days and barely keeping up. His best ads were dying and he couldn't figure out how to recreate winners. He was stuck at around $85,000 per month in spend with Rorowaz slowly declining. Now, this might sound familiar to where you're at right now because a lot of brands hit this exact ceiling. They make a few winning ads, they scale for a while, and then everything flatlines. They don't know why the ads worked in the first place, so that's why they struggle to recreate them. They end up in this loop of just throwing more creative at the wall and hoping something sticks. But here's what nobody tells you. The problem isn't that you need more ads. The problem is that you don't have a system. So, in this video today, I'm breaking down the exact three-pillar framework we used to scale this brand. The same system that we've used across $57 million in generated revenue on Meta. You're going to see the actual research that we did, the strategy that we built, and the system we put in place that took this founder from being the bottleneck to having ads consistently perform without his involvement. This isn't theory. You're going to see real screenshots, real numbers, and the exact process that we followed. If you're a founder and you're stuck or your team's stuck doing all of the creative yourself or you're struggling with creative fatigue or you just can't figure out how to scale past 100K, 250K or even 500K plus per month in meta spend consistently, then just pay attention because this will show you exactly what's missing. Now, if you don't know who I am, my name's Adam Taylor. I'm the founder at Media Engineered. We're a performance ad creative agency who specializes in pinpointing the exact angles and messaging for your brand. And it's built by operators and brothers. As you can see Ryan there, who've scaled brands to seven figures in the past. Our ads spend around $3 million per month on MetaM across all of our different clients on our brands. So now we've got that introduction out the way. Let's jump straight into it. So before I show you the framework, I really need you to understand where this founder was at when he came to us. So in August 2025, this brand booked him for a creative planning call. Now we offer creative planning calls to brands that want to work with us. So you can book them on the website. And he booked one in. And here's what he told me on the first call. He said, "I'm struggling with longevity of ads and cycling new ads when old ones are dying out." So, he couldn't really consistently make winning ads that scaled and then adds in. So, ads were dying out quick and he couldn't get new ones in the ad account that actually performed. So, ads were dying out quickly. They haven't changed the ads in a while because he doesn't have the time to test. He's running the operations. He's running everything. You know how it is as a founder. You're trying to do everything. And Meta wants you to be a content agency as well now. And he didn't think there was any targeting in the ads. they're not specific enough with who they're actually targeting the ads. So these are his exact words, but he scaled the brand fast in June and July. Hit 2.5 Rorowz at 85K per month in spend. But by August, at this point, everything started declining. So you can see July 117K spend, 1.8 rorowaz. August 73k spend, 1.95 rorowaz. So spend dropped, you know, dramatically 40%. And rorowaz had improved slightly. So performance was dropping, spend was dropping, and he had no idea why. And here's what he said next, and this is actually very key. He said, "I'm trying to figure out how to speak like my customers, and it's really tough for me." See, he made winning ads before. He had this ASMR style that crushed for months, but when it died, he couldn't recreate it. He tried making variations. He tried making different hooks, different creators, but nothing seemed to work. Now, why? It's because he didn't know why the original ad worked in the first place and he didn't have that understanding of his customers. So, he'd made winning ads, but he still didn't understand his customers. So, I've got a screenshot here of this is a creative tracker that we put together based on the ads that were in the ad account, the naming convention, the whole setup, and the general concept. So, he was launching two to three new concepts per week with random ideas, no structure, no real angle testing, just hoping something would hit. and it actually performed and he he was doing well, but then it dropped off and that's where we came in and that's why we were having this conversation in the first place. So, the reason I wanted to show you this is because it's not just one time with this specific call that I had with this founder who's a good friend now. We're actually we're launching another brand with him at the minute because of how well this one went. But as well as this founder, this client that we're walking through today in this case did it. This is a pattern that I see over and over again. And I'm going to list it now just so you can kind of see clearly what it is and then we can break it down how we go about solving this. So problem one, and you might sound familiar with this, there's no research process. So he was guessing at what his customers cared about instead of mining it from real data. Problem two was no creative strategy. So he wasn't testing personas or angles or formats systematically. It was just random execution. Problem three is the founder bottleneck. He was writing every script, approving every creative, managing every campaign. The business couldn't scale past his capacity and the hours that he was working on the business. So, he actually tried hiring and bringing people into fixes. And he brought on a CS, a creative strategist, who straight away immediately asked for a 6K extra to build a preander on top of his wage before producing a single ad. So this creative strategist hadn't made a single ad yet and now he was asking for 6K to build a preander which was a huge red flag. So by the time that he came to us he was burnt out. He was skeptical of hiring help based on what happened with the freelancer and he was kind of stuck. He needed to hit 200k per month in ad spend before Q4 but at the rate things were going he wasn't even going to maintain 85k. So that's a situation. Now I want to break down exactly how we fixed it. So here's a framework that we used. There's three pillars. Pillar one is market signal mapping. This is where we extract winning angles from real customer data. Pillar two is angle OS. This is where we turn that research into a fullfunnel creative strategy. Pillar three is learning loop system. This is where we build the infrastructure to compound winners and remove the founder bottleneck so we can build these systems into the business. Now, this framework specifically has been tested across 57 million in meta revenue that we've generated and over 100 different brands and it's designed to reduce CPA by 35% and Lifroz by 30%. And the beauty of it is that it's not product specific. So, it works for supplements, it works for pet products, tech, fashion, it doesn't matter because the framework isn't about your product specifically. It's about understanding customers and your customer psychology and then systematically testing what resonates with them. So, let me break down each pillar with real examples from this case study. Pillar one is market signal mapping. And this is where most brands completely skip because you cannot brainstorm your way to a winning angle. It's not created in notion. It's not created in Google Me. Your customers need to tell you what works. So, the first thing that we did was extract every piece of customer language that we could find. So, there's three main places that we like to look. Now, we use other places as well, but these are my three favorite right now. I'll touch on the others so you have a full picture, but customer reviews. So exporting CSV files of as many reviews that you can get from your customers. Specifically, Reddit threads so people open up their hearts anonymously about your product, about your competitor products, about their pain points and desires. Winning ads, so reverse engineering what's actually working in your ad ad account, understanding why specific ads are top performers, and then using that data to create more ads. Now, from all three of these, you can get a real good idea of who your customer customers are, what they care about. As well as this, you can use your Facebook ad comment, organic comments, Tik Tok comments, uh comment sections on viral posts, what's going viral in the industry, as well as competitor websites, competitor reviews, competitor ads as well. But these are my three favorites right now, as I think these give you the most data in the shortest amount of time to be honest. And this is where AI can become a massive timesaver. So instead of manually reading through all 500 reviews, we exported them into a CSV and uploaded them straight into Claude. So here's a prompt that you can use with your reviews inside of Claude or whatever LLM or AI tool you want to use. So analyze these customer reviews and extract the exact language customers use to describe their problems, emotional states, failed solutions they've tried before buying, specific transformation language, social or lifestyle impacts mentioned, and then format as pain points, emotional trigger, failed solution, and desired outcome. Now, if you upload this into AI with your CSV file of reviews, you'll get a real good idea and a breakdown of your customers emotions. It'll give you tons of great ideas for angles for your ads. So, in just 15 seconds, we extracted 15 different angles. Now, here's some examples of what we actually got from Claude. So, pain points. Dog hates going to the groomer, becomes anxious and aggressive. So, that's exactly why they would want to buy the products. That's a pain point they're suffering for this pet care brand. Avoiding going to the groomers. Emotional trigger, so guilt, maybe embarrassment. When the vet mentions poor grooming, they've tried bathing at home, but the dog freaks out. They've tried different groomers. H they've tried calm grooming experience at home without stress. So that's the desired outcome. So this is just very service level, but when you actually put your reviews in there, it actually pulls out real customer language and it starts to become really effective. There's some more examples here. So spending $80 a month on professional grooming. So this is kind of different angles. And from this, you can start to actually put this together into different angles that you'd use for ads. And in the future, you'll start to map this out to awareness levels as well. But emotional trigger, frustration at recurring cost, failed solutions, tried chief of groomers, but quality suffered, desired outcome, professional results at home for a fraction of the cost. So, you should be able to see the difference there. It's not really marketing speak. It's more customer language, raw customer language. A dog freaks out. It feels like a waste of money, h feeling feeling guilty when the pet mentions poor grooming. That's not something you can really come up with in a brainstorm. That's mine from real people, from your customer reviews, and that's where the value is found. So now you want to organize these into an angle bank. So you can do this in a creative tracker. I've just got it here so you can see the examples of how this could work and specifically to kind of show you the creative strategy side of things. So angle one, you've got stop paying $80 a month for groomers. Now this awareness stage is problem aware. Now one of the biggest unlocks that we've had for brands since making ads for the years that we've been making creatives on Meta. So awareness levels is probably one of the biggest things that moves the needle and gets results. If you can begin to have this in mind. So I'll audit tons of ad accounts and they'll just be targeting bottom of funnel. Everything will answer their product. So I'll sometimes audit ad accounts where every single ad that this brand is making mentions the product or the brand name specifically in the hook and their frequency is super high. So that's obviously product aare solution aware to bottom of funnel offer statics as well. So that's obviously going to have a higher frequency in the ad account and because the ad account's built around bottom of funnel angles and the biggest lever they could pull is bringing in some problem aware ads. So hopefully this breaks this down a little bit for you now. $80 a month for the groomers is obviously problem aware. They know grooming is expensive. They know what the problem is. Emotional trigger financial frustration hook you know cost savings ROI. But angle two groom your dog at home without the stress. So, this is solution aware because they've tried home grooming but it failed. So, they're aware of your solution specifically and solutions to their problem. Emotional trigger, guilt, anxiety around the dog stress. H the hook structure can be ease calm experience and obviously relaxing. Angle three, why your dog hates the groomers and what to do about him. So, unaware to problem stage. So, this is educational. Obviously, they're kind of aware that the dog hates the groomers groomers, but they're not sure it's actually a problem. they're not sure that this is something they can solve or don't really know that it's too much of a problem, but you can get empathy for the dark guilt obviously educational and problem solution. Now, if you can map this out for your existing ads, I do recommend going into ad account and figuring out the angles of your existing ads and you probably will find a gap. And depending on your spend level and where you're at, you very easily can reach a cap when you're just targeting one part of the funnel. When you do hit a cap and when you're trying to increase spend, CPA is increasing or rows is decreasing. It's usually because you need to go higher up in the funnel. In 30 minutes from that little claw exercise, we had 12 solid angles and they're all backed by real customer language, all emotionally charged. It's coming directly from the customer. But here's the key. We're not just looking for the pain points. We're looking for three specific things. So one, the exact words they use, not grooming anxiety. They say, "My dog freaks out and tries to jump out the car," for example. Two is their emotional state. So, are they guilty? Are they frustrated? Are they embarrassed? That emotion is what makes them stop scrolling. And it means that you can actually resonate with them. Three is what they've already tried. So, this tells us what objections to handle and what to position against. So, this is a foundation of everything because once you have these angles, you're not guessing anymore. You know exactly what to say, how to say it, and who you're saying it to. And that's when we move to pillar two. So, pillar two is angle OS. This is where the research that we just did turns into strategy. And here's the problem that most brands have. They find one winning angle and they beat it to death. They make 30 variations of the same concept and then wonder why it stops working or why they can't scared anymore. Post Andrometer you need creative diversity but not random diversity. It's got to be strategic. So you need ads across at least three levels of awareness. So we have top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel. You can even break it down into the five levels and that is obviously preferred. But to begin with, break it down like this. It just makes it easier in terms of initially breaking down ads. So top ofunnel, these are people who don't even know that they've got a problem yet. They're scrolling. They're not in buyer mode. So for this pet brand, this case study we're walking through today, a topfunnel ad might be three signs that your dog's grooming is making them anxious because this isn't selling the product, it's educating them. It's building awareness that there's even a problem to solve. So we have midluff here. This is where people know they've got a problem and they're looking for solutions. So for this brand specifically, why professional groomers cost $80 per month and this tool cost $50 once. So this is differentiation. It's us versus them. Why our solution is better than the other solutions you've tried or may not have tried yet. And then of course we have bottom of funnel. These are warm people who've been on your site. They might have engaged with an ad or even added to cart. For this brand, you can have get 30% off your first order plus a free grooming guide. You have direct offer in there, risk reversal, urgency. Primarily, these are static ads. You know, if it was an specific offer, you're trying to ramp up and you're really trying to scale sales, then yeah, you can make testimonials and offer for bottom of funnel depending on where you're at. Usually, statics are the easiest, but of course, testimonials promoting work as well. Now, I kind of touched on this a little bit, but when you only run bottom ofunnel ads, you cap out really fast because you're only reaching people who already know about your brand, fullfunnel means you're attracting new people with top ofunnel content. You're nurturing them with middle of funnel proof and then converting them with bottom of funnel offers. And here's the best part. So, you don't need to manually retarget them anymore like set up in the ad account. When you have diverse creative in your account, Meta's algorithm automatically shows people the right ad at the right time. So someone will see your top ofunnel ad about dog grooming anxiety. They'll engage with it. Metal will show you the middle of funnel content comparing you to groomers. They click it and then Metal will show you the bottom of funnel offer. This is the funnel working at peak performance and this is what you want to try and map out. So here's what we built for this client specifically. We took those 12 angles from our research and we mapped them to funnel stages. So, top of funnel, why your dog hates the groomer. Three signs of bad grooming. What professional groomers don't tell you. Now, for middle of funnel, exactly the same. Mapping them out. This tool versus $80 a month groomers. How we save dog owners $960 a year. Real results from real customers. And then bottom of funnel, 30% off your first order. Free grooming guide with purchase. Risk-free 30-day guarantee. So, you can see how that works across the full funnel. And then for each angle, we planned multiple formats. So format one, UGC video with a real dog owner testimonial style. Format two, static ads, bold headlines with before and after visuals. And then format three, we had founder ads, story driven, trust building. We even tried some AI ads and podcast style ads as well. But these are the first three that we mapped out from each angle with those initial ones that I just showed you. But after we tested a bunch, now this is the testing structure that we kind of used. So, one angle and at least a few formats to test because if you only test one angle in one format and it fails, you don't know if the angle was bad or the format was wrong. So, when you test like this and you have that structure, you get real data. So, you know, okay, we tested this angle with a couple of creators with a couple of formats and it still didn't perform. Okay, that angle probably isn't the best. Now, I can show you what this looks like in practice. So, we've got a few ads here and we've got formats. So UGC mashup, we've got AI ad, static ad, and this is the naming convention that we were using where we're also putting the angle style of ad in there as well. So it makes it super easy for us to break down that data and make more ads. So you should be able to get an idea of how this works. Now, we're not throwing random ads into the ad account. We're strategically testing angles, across formats, across funnel stages. And when we find a winner, we don't just let it ride. We compound it. And that's what Pillar 3 is all about. Pillar 3, it's a learning loop system. And this is where most brands completely fall apart. They find a winning ad, they scale it, it dies, and then they start over from scratch every time. That's insane because you're throwing away all your learnings. You're spending money in the ad account. You should use that data. The brands that scale post Andrometer don't just find winners, they compound them. And that's what we're going to be walking through right now. So this is the Anglo OS inside of our creative tracker. Every single ad that we launch gets logged in here with its own specific name. So you can see the source if it's media engineered an internal team the format the concept the messaging in there and this is really important for us so we can start to consolidate the data exported from ad accounts and make decisions that are backed by data. So the ad name will come out something like this and you can see you can really break it down as much as you want. So the source all the way down to the product to the landing page to what the benefit is to the angle the format of the ad. You can make this as long or as short and concise as you want. As long as you get the core main points in that, it's super valuable. So, what's great is at this point you can use an angle leaderboard to export the data from meta and rank your ads by the top performing angles, the top performing personas. And this makes it blatantly obvious what you should be making next, what ads have performed best for you. And it makes it really useful to consolidate this data. So when you're making new ads going forward, you know exactly what the best angles are, what awareness levels are performing best in terms of your top performers, what angle, persona, product, landing page they are using. Now these insights that you get from the angle leaderboards, from the naming conventions are worth six, seven figures because now we know when we launch new creatives that we're not testing blind. We know what format to use. We know exactly what hooks to use, what angles convert. We're stacking the deck. So this means when we export data, we can instantly see patterns. So next is an iteration process. When we identify a winner, we don't just let it ride. We compound in at least three ways. So one, we'll be taking the winning hook and putting it on a previous winning ad or format. We already know the format works from a different angle. Now we're testing the new hook makes it even better. So for example, we had a winning UGC ad about dog anxiety. The hook was, "Does your dog freak out at the groomer?" We took that exact hook and put it on a static format that previously worked for a cost savings angle. This new combination spent 34K at 3.1 rowers. And we didn't reinvent anything either. We literally combined two proven elements. Now two is changing the format but keeping the angle and message. So turn a UGC ad into a found or turn a video into a static. The same core message but just different delivery. an ad performed well as a UGC for example and we turned it into a static with the same hook and same angle and the static actually scaled and got some decent spend at similar level with the exact same message but just in a different format. Now we do this all the time. The most common way is a static to a UGC cuz you can test statics easily and turn them into a UGC at after. Now three is make hook variations of your winner. Now minimum five different hooks on the same concept, same body, same content but just a different first three to 5 seconds. Now, we still make five variations with our creatives, but since Andrometer update, you just need to make them with more variation. So, there's an ad set that I was looking at in for this case study where one of the ads spent around 30K and the other next highest spending ad was 1K and the other two ads were very low spend. And I think that's just shows why it's so important and why hook variations because if we just made those initial four, we might not have got a winner at all. So, I think it just gives you more variation. If you go out of the way to make a concept and spend so much time on research and make a concept and then you make three hooks that just don't work for whatever reason, it seems like a waste. So, that's why we're still heavy on making five variations. So, this is how you scale without constantly searching for new ideas. You find one angle that resonates and then you test it in every format, every hook variation, every creator style. You're not guessing, you're compounding learnings. Now, after 12 weeks, we give the client a creative data system playbook. This is a PDF that compiles every test we did, every hook that works, every angle that converted, even every creative that worked. It's basically an instruction manual for the brand's creative. They hand this to a future creative strategist. They can feed it into AI tools. It's their creative operating system. And this is why the founder was able to step back at the end of our time together. He wasn't the bottleneck anymore because we had the research process. We had the strategy, we had the systems, all that he had to do was approve final ads and launch them. And the business could actually scale past his capacity. And as I mentioned, we're actually launching a new brand with him. We're taking over the media buying for this existing brand, this case study that I'm talking about right now. We recently took over the media buying and the ads management for this brand. And we're also launching a new brand with him where we're doing the ads management and the ad creatives as well. Now, I know you're interested. So, what were the actual results on paper that we saw? So, we took the brand from 235K per month in revenue to 750K per month in revenue in just 120 days. As you can see, a Shop screenshot of the store in August last year. And then you can see the store the last 30 days when recording this, 750K in January 2026. So just 120 days or so and scaled them up over 3.5x in revenue. Adspend went from around 100K to 120K. I think they actually dipped to around 85 just before uh we took those screenshots around that time when we initially spoke to up to 400k per month whilst maintaining their target rorowaz. huge scale in ad spend as well, up 3.5x plus as well. But one of the biggest things that isn't a number is that the founder actually went from working 12-hour days on creative to approving final ads once per week. And here's what he said in his review. What set them apart from other agencies was that they actually took the time to understand my product and analyze what was working in my account instead of just pumping out generic content. They built a creative strategy around real data from my account, analyzing which hooks, visual elements, and formats were actually driving results. They think bigger picture about creative strategy and testing frameworks, not just one-off videos. And that's the difference. It wasn't just making more ads. It was about building a system that compounds over this 120 days. The ads that we launched in month one are still running today, still profitable, still scaling because they were built based on real customer insights, tested systematically, and iterated based on data. And that's how you scale post andorita. And I'm 100% confident that in 2026, we're going to hit over 1 million a month in revenue and beyond and continue scaling this case study. All right, so how can you actually apply this to your business right now today? So here's your action plan if you want to replicate this success. Step one, export your customer reviews. Minimum 250, 500 plus. The maximum the better. Upload them into claude chat GBT Gemini with the prompt that I showed you earlier and extract 10 to 15 angles minimum. Step two, map those angles to funnel stages. Which angles are top of funnel? Which are middle? Which are bottom? And for each angle, plan three format variations minimum. So UGC, static ad, and pick the formats that make the most sense for your brand. And also try to have a look in your ad account. What angles are you actually doing at the minute? What are middle of funnel? What's bottom of funnel? Are you doing any top of funnel? and try and get a good understanding of what's going on in your ad account. Step three, set up your creative tracker. Log every single ad with angle, format, hook, then performance data. You can't compound learnings if you're not tracking them. Step four, launching phases. Start by testing angles. Validate winners with more videos. Scale winners with high production formats. Don't jump straight into expensive production. Test first. Step five is after testing, after giving it a good few days and spend, analyze patterns. What angles are working? what formats are working, what hooks are working, and double down on what's performing, the winners, and kill what isn't working, and stop making what isn't working. So, step six is iterating winners. So, take your best performing ads and create hook variations, format variations, and creative variations. Compound, don't start from scratch. This framework is how we've generated over $57 million on Meta with our creative and help brands scale from six figures to seven figures per month. It's not about testing more, it's about testing smarter. So you can take everything that I just showed you and go ahead and implement it yourself. All the information is there, the research process, the strategy framework, the iteration systems. Go ahead and do it. But if you want my team to do this for you to map your winning angles, build your full funnel strategy, and handle the entire creative process from research to production to iteration. I've opened up a few creative planning calls. We'll audit your current ad account, identify exactly which angles you should be testing, and show you how we scale your creative, your meta ads with this three-pillar framework. So, links in the description. If you want your ad strategy dialed in and you want to scale meta ad spend, go ahead, click the first link and fill in the form and book a call for a creative planning session. And if this breakdown was valuable, subscribe because I'm releasing more case studies like this and more videos like this on my channel with real brands, with real numbers, and real strategies that you can steal. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RahulSharma-dw1qo [1 likes]: Are you sending your unaware ads people to a advertorail or product page?

- The NEW Way To Optimize Your Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook Ads is constantly changing their algorithm and what works best. And with new things like the Andromeda update coming out, we're entering into a new era of Facebook ads that's truly different from anything else previously. And if you don't stay up to date on the cutting edge of Facebook ads, you're going to get left behind. So, in this video, I want to show you exactly what's working right now to set up and then optimize your Facebook ad campaigns so that you can get the best results possible with your Facebook ads today. Now, jumping right in, I made a video recently about this as well, the Andromeda update, but here's a quick breakdown of exactly what Facebook ads is pushing towards. So, Facebook ads has always been kind of a giant black box. Okay? And imagine this circle is a box. All right? So, Facebook has kind of always had their algorithm for how they optimize, how they prioritize ads. It's pretty much hidden. They only give you a couple controls over your audience demographics, you know, what interests you target, but other than that, Facebook is really left alone to bid on people that it thinks will convert on your ads. You really don't know who those people are or how it's optimizing your ads or how it prioritizes, you know, who should get shown, what CPM you get, etc. Right? And so with that and with this huge investment into AI, Facebook is now bringing in even more AI than they had previously with their ad platform to give Facebook as much control as possible and try to give as much artificial intelligence plugged into your ad account. And you're probably seeing this right now with when you go ahead and set up your ads. You know, you're getting a million prompts to go ahead and add AI music, to go ahead and add in AI variations, right? All this different stuff that they're adding into your ads. That's Facebook pushing for more control, more flexibility, and trying to essentially take the advertising as much off of your hands as possible so that they can control the results and ultimately optimize using their AI to get you the best results. Now, that all sounds great and fun, but ultimately I'm going to get into, you know, what is actually the best practices when it comes to enabling some of those campaigns and what's the best practices for setting up your campaign and how to again optimize. So, now if we look at this black box right here, right, and Facebook has a huge pool of advertisers, right? It's obviously not as large as the overall population on Facebook, but there's billions of people on Facebook, right? And there is millions of advertisers at least uh trying to get the attention of those billions of people. And so Facebook constantly has new creatives, new copy, new offers going live. And they're trying to all reach and get results with those ads. And so you can imagine there is literally billions, trillions of data points with copywriting, with these new AI optimizations, with the creative, with the targeting, with the demographics that they want to go after, all trying to get it towards a result because Facebook ultimately gets paid and will continue to bring in advertising dollars if they are able to get their advertisers results and also show relevant ads to their users. And so with AI, what's the biggest thing that they need in order to get the AI better, right? They need the AI to learn essentially from all of the data. And so what they're kind of doing right now is they're pushing more and more for advertisers that turn on their AI functions are going to get prioritized are going to get cheaper, better results typically because they are actually enabling those settings to allow their AI to learn more. So they're prioritizing this more. They're prioritizing more control being given to Facebook, more enablement of these features, less restriction, so that it gives the AI as much learning as possible to go out and get your audience. And ultimately, honestly, the AI is at this point also just better than you at finding your audience than you are. And so, it is learning really from the only inputs that you're really putting in, which is the creative and your business website and your copywriting to find that audience at the end result. All right, now let's jump into the ad account and actually show you what optimizations you need to be making in your campaigns. So, first of all, starting out in this quick demo account here. And we're currently spending tens of millions of dollars per year on Facebook ads. And this is what pretty much all of our campaigns and structures are looking like. So, just know and then I'm going to show you some examples after for actually how to optimize in real time with a live ad account. Now, the first is the setup right here. So, when it comes to creating your campaign, if you don't already know, when it comes to the objective, right, choosing this obviously matters. And really, it should only be between these two things. It's either you want sales or you want leads. And whichever you pick determines what conversion event you optimize for with the pixel, and that's ultimately going to allow Facebook to go out and get that exact result that you want, which going to feed that data right back to the pixel. Okay? and it understands, it learns who purchased from you, what they look like, why they bought, which ad it was, and they can give you more and more of that conversion that you want. And so, when it comes to the objective, you obviously want to choose exactly what you want. In this case, let's just say I select leads because I want, you know, calls or some type of lead conversion event. Now, when it comes to the campaign, the main thing is what it's recommending is it wants the campaign budget on. You can change this to adset budget, which sets a different bid strategy uh or schedule for each adset. And so some people still use that. I wouldn't personally recommend it right now because this allows you to get the best results out of the box because Facebook's going to funnel all that budget into what campaign, what adets, and what ad ultimately work the best. So campaign budget, and this is where you can just load this up with whatever your budget is. I'd recommend starting at at least $100 per day, but if you have budget to go up to, you know, $500 per day or $1,000 per day, you can test a lot more a lot faster. But if you want to start small and then scale up, what you can do is start at $100 or $200 per day, test multiple adsets as I'm going to show you, and then once it's working, all you have to do is just turn up the budget quite simply, and you will get more results. So, I'm just going to go ahead and name this 001 test brand name. So, we got the campaign budget set. As you can see, we already have advantage plus leads on, which means we're using campaign budget or have a single adset, right? And so, if you did adset budget but only had one adset, that would technically be uh the optimal settings that they want. you're using either recommended setup or your settings are suggested in at least one of your ads sets. So again, this is the AI settings that they want you to have on and you're including all placements for your ad sets. And so we're going to go down to the adset level now, but we're going to be leaving these settings on because we want to continue to have this campaign score being 100 out of 100. Again, that's where Facebook's AI is going to favor you more because you have these settings on. It wants to have all this data. If you try to restrict it, they're going to penalize you for that. They're going to give you higher CPMs and you're going to get worse results. whether they're directly penalizing you or the AI is just not able to optimize it. Whatever it is, it doesn't really matter. Overall, you're going to get worse results. So, that's where it's key. All right, so we're going to go next right here. Now, quickly on the adset level, this is pretty simple right here. If you wanted to optimize for single conversion events, I would probably suggest that because you probably just want to do one conversion event for whatever is most valuable if that's a call for you, right? In this case, we'd want to do a booked call. So, I can select booked call and that's the conversion event that you want to optimize for. This is the most important setting at the adset level is just optimizing for exactly what you want it to be for. If you have anything else that you're optimizing for or any funnel event that's before what you actually want, you want to always optimize for exactly the intent and the goal that you want, which is again to book a call, to purchase a product, whatever it might be. Now along with that you now have these value rules which also help steer Meta's AI to understand if you have more insights around what audiences are more valuable in the back end. Maybe there's an increased LTV for certain locations or regions, you can create these value rules right here. And so this is the only step that I would recommend doing if you do need to narrow things down more. This is what Facebook is now pushing is these value rules. So you can focus on age, gender, location, and mobile operating system. And again, this is ideal for long-term strategic goals including lifetime value or delayed conversions. So again, if you know in the back end LTV, these are things Facebook can't know cuz it's just trying to get the most of that singular conversion event up front. But if you know long-term certain leads are a lot more valuable, then you can optimize for that accordingly. And they are trying to push more for single adets. And I expect this to only increase over the coming months and years. And so we'll see. Currently, I still don't recommend, you know, putting everything into one ad set. I'd recommend splitting that out by test, which I'm going to show you. But right now, they are trying to push for that more. So, just know. So, I'm going to go ahead and go create. And then what you can do with these value rules is you can set up uh specific age ranges. And so, I'd recommend potentially doing that. And so, for us, we want to go these age ranges right here. 30, 25 to 34, 35 to 44, up to about 54, and after that we probably would want to exclude that. And so what this is doing is increasing the bid by 20% for this age range. And so what you can do is also like again, if you know like this is kind of the optimal age range, like for us, this is probably the optimal age range if we're going for a lead generation play, 35 to about 54, increasing the bid by 20% in this audience makes a lot of sense because we know it's a lot more valuable. And even beyond that, maybe you specifically 45 to 54 is your most valuable audience. You can only just do that and that is going to help you a lot. And you can also change this as well. And this is where it gets a little bit complicated because there is some manual input and you don't really know, you know, how much should I increase my bid by on this audience? How much more valuable is it than other audiences? That's where having more insights into your audience is going to help you to determine if they're, you know, three times more valuable than, you know, a younger audience or whatever. But ultimately, you know, 20% that's kind of like what they're recommending. That's what we can go with um in this case. And you can add other rules as well. And so you could do gender as well. So again, you could prefer to target men uh versus women by 20% increasing the bid there. You could also prefer to do desktop in this case if you know desktop converts higher for you. And you could also do a mobile operating system. So this would include either specifically targeting Android or iOS and increasing the bid on that as well. And you can really look into your past data if you have it and see, you know, what's converted the most for you. Did it occur on an iPhone? And you can get that information by looking at the breakdown setting in your actual ad account. And so you can see, you know, did iOS convert a lot more? Did this age range convert a lot more? Did men or women convert a lot more? And then look into the back end of did that lead, you know, convert into a purchase for you. Again, if you're an e-commerce brand, all that data should be available to you. So you kind of know, you know, what operating system, what is more preferred, what's going to get you the most purchases. You could do some pretty sneaky things with this. And you can also prefer certain placements as well. So again, this is kind of what Facebook is pushing a bit more for. Ultimately, their AI is going to do this for you. So it's kind of an interesting new feature that they're rolling out. We'll see how it plays out. But this is really what's kind of separating, I would say, the the new kind of new and the ad accounts that are really going to get ahead from the ones that are just kind of doing the same old is experimenting with this more and more. And we're trying to do that. Ultimately, it's kind of hard to tell, but the advertisers that are the biggest players know a lot about these numbers and are willing to increase bids on certain demographics and certain placements to try to maximize that. And so, just wanted to highlight that for you. I will be enabling this just to show you right here. So, I'm going to say rule one 454 plus 20%. That's how I'd create that. So, now we have that rule there. And you can create multiple rules and you can select or unselect them as well. Okay. Now, we used to test dynamic creatives. We no longer recommend testing dynamic creatives. I'd rather separate everything out at the ad level. And so that's another thing I'll show you momentarily here. Now, when it comes to the location and all these other controls right here, all that I recommend doing when it comes to the setup now is just going ahead and adding in your locations, adding in your minimum age. And so for us, that's 25 in this case. If you can go all the way down to 18, feel free to do that. And then we can also add a suggestion in. So right here, age range suggestion. So, we can go ahead and limit that age range into a more suitable category for us. You could also specify the gender. And then we can add in our detailed targeting right here. And I still do recommend adding in an interest or just doing broad. And so, when you're just starting out, definitely add in an interest, you know, whether that is just something super generic related to your product, you know, like health and wellness or health health club, right? Something like that. You know, I just recommend adding that in. It does help, but it's not honestly going to make a huge difference. Especially when you have more data, you honestly don't even need to worry about the detailed targeting. They already know who your target audience is. Unless you're trying to go after a different type of avatar or ICP, then you might want to add that into the detailed targeting. All right. Now, when it comes to setting up the ad, really simply, what we're doing right now and what we're seeing working best, not only from an organizational standpoint, but again, from a performance standpoint, is we're putting in one singular creative into the actual ad. And you can do up to two kind of different variations on the headline and the primary text if you want to to split test that, but we're specifically doing only one creative per ad. And then we're creating and duplicating that and creating a stack of about 8 to 10 different creatives per ad set. And within that adset, we have a specific angle or a specific type of ad that we're looking to run. [music] So, we have an offer around that ad. We have something specific that makes that adset kind of, you know, all surrounding one type of angle. Okay. So, I'm setting up this ad in the variation. So, I added in one creative and then what I had what I went ahead and did is I added in two different variations of primary text, two different variations of headlines. You can just add in one if you do have different variations you want to test, you can add that in there. Uh but overall, you don't need to split test that too much. And then what it's doing right here is it's actually giving you a ton of different AI creative variations that you can go ahead and choose. And so for us, I went ahead and added in this actual ad right here. And it's gone ahead and spit out a ton of different variations that we can go ahead and test that are all built around that angle based on the copyrightiting. And so sometimes I'll select these if they are actually good. This is probably the only one that is actually, you know, good quality enough. And so you can actually try that out and enable some of these. Again, if it's not really up to par, up to standard for your quality of ads that you want to see, then I wouldn't recommend turning those on. And so that is a feature that we've just seen, you know, has a little bit of uh improvement in terms of clickthrough rate. And Facebook again is prioritizing that a little bit more, but it's not necessary to turn on. So I I will enable these three. Now, of these advantage plus creative enhancements, here's the only ones I would recommend turning on. So, the enhanced CTA function is something that we've seen better results with. It does make your ad stick out a little bit more, and again, it uses that AI to kind of just do different unique callouts that people aren't used to seeing. Now, visual touch-ups, I wouldn't recommend turning that on. Not necessary. Uh, same with the ad overlay. We don't turn that on. We typically don't turn on music as well. We don't turn on text improvements, and we don't add in the animation as well. So, these ones, in our experience, don't do a significant lift in the ad results. This just gives you slight variations, but honestly kind of maintaining that brand and consistent brand image is more important. And this AI can still be pretty funky and mess things up and so we don't want to do that and risk that honestly. So what we're going to do is enable that. And now we have our first ad variation right here. And what we can go ahead and do is we can go ahead and duplicate this now. And this becomes our second variation. And all we're going to do is go down the line, add in and replace that ad creative with your new variation. and do that and get till you have about eight or 10 creatives in your actual ads set and you can go ahead and launch that. All right, now let's look at a real world example of exactly what this looks like. So, as you can see here, we have multiple campaigns going right now, some with varying different uh overall results. And the reason we have so many different campaigns is because within each of these campaigns, we're testing vastly different angles and vastly different customers. And so we separate our campaigns out based on tests and offer tests that we are doing in this particular account because we're trying to find out what's the best combination for that. And so when we kind of scrap everything and go to back to the drawing board to really test something wildly different, we want to cut the old campaign and now we're on to a new one because we identified that one didn't really work. [music] And so in this case, as we can see in this campaign right here, we have multiple adsets that we've launched and we don't have a ton of different adsets. We just have a few. And each time that we're looking to launch a new batch of creative, all that we're doing is duplicating the adset and we're swapping out all of those different ads within each of these adsets. So, for example, this one which has 177 per lead right here. As you can see, we have eight different creatives in this actual ad set. And all that we need to do to go ahead and and try another ad variation of this is go ahead and duplicate this. And then we can just swap out all of the creative in these ads. And we could also change the copywriting to test a brand new ads set. And when it comes to optimizing this campaign, it's very simple. We're not actually doing any work within the adsets or even at the ad level, right? Facebook's going to take care of all of that for us. As you can see, in the last 30 days here, Facebook ended up not really spending anything on these particular ads because it ultimately found that, as you can see here, the click-through rate wasn't very good. It was giving us a much worse CPM right here. And ultimately, even though it spent a pretty good amount, the cost per clicks were much higher and it didn't generate any leads. And so, Facebook dep prioritized spending on those ads and obviously put it into the ones that were generating the best results and were getting the best. And so in that way, it makes it pretty simple to actually optimize your campaigns because all you're doing and all that you have control over is feeding in good quality creative and copy and angles, you know, with your obviously landing page factors into that. How good your offer is factors into that. And that's all you can control. And you don't have to worry about trying to play around with the algorithm, trying to optimize any buttons beyond what the settings I just showed you are. All you have to do is just worry about testing a brand new batch of ads, creating eight to 10 new ads, duplicating that, putting them all in there, putting it in with your new copywriting and everything like that and going ahead and launching that. And if you're launching a brand new offer or or brand new angle or this just isn't working and you want to scrap it all completely and go back to the drawing board, all you got to do is turn this off, launch a new campaign, and try to rework those things. So, I hope this video helped you see where the future of Facebook ads is going and how to really set up your campaigns and how to optimize those campaigns. But the big thing that we really didn't touch on in this video was how to actually create compelling ads, the advertising fundamentals that make an ad work no matter what the algorithm changes to. And so, if you're interested in that, I'm going to be having more videos around that on the channel coming very soon. So, if you could please subscribe to the channel so you don't miss out on any of that and also like the video so it reaches more people. And with that, I really appreciate you making it all the way to the end.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skyback4852 [1 likes]: Great video, this helped a lot 🙏 Quick question brand new FB ad account, warmed it 2 days, launched a Sales campaign at $50/day but it’s barely spending. Is that normal?
  2. @ZentloGamerzOfficial [1 likes]: Bro i am a digital marketer so you can help me to grow my business
  3. @ZentloGamerzOfficial [1 likes]: love you sir

- The NEW Andromeda-Proof Meta Ads Strategy (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Most people running Meta ads right now are operating on a strategy that stopped working eight months ago. And their numbers are showing it, but they still can't seem to figure out why. Well, I've tested over 10,000 Meta ad creatives across more than 100 brands in the last 18 months. And after Andromeda dropped, I watched brand after brand hit the same ceiling, ROAS declining, spend stalling, and no idea why. But the brands that figured it out scaled further than they ever were before. And the difference was always the same thing. They had a system for testing creative. And the ones that didn't were just running ads and hoping something would work. In this video, I'm breaking down what Andromeda actually changed, why most brands are still getting it wrong, and the rules we now run in every ad account in 2026. But before we actually get into it, I want to address a few things that a lot of people still believe about Meta ads that aren't actually true anymore. So, some common myths. Myth one, more creative volume is the answer. Now, you hear it everywhere. Test more ads, diversify your creative, keep the pipeline full. There's a grain of truth in it, and you do need to test. But running 40 ads with no system isn't testing. It's guessing with more budget. And there's a big difference. So, I audit ad accounts every week, and I see the same thing. A brand will launch a batch of ads, and within a couple of days, one of those ads will be eating most of the budget. And then the rest of the ads barely spend anything and will get switched off. But a lot of the time, no one knows what made that one winning ad actually work. They don't know if it was the hook, the creative style, the specific pain point that they led with. Nobody tracked it, so they find it very difficult to recreate it. And in most scenarios, they actually can't make another winning ad. They're just surviving on this one ad. Sometimes it's a few ads, but that's how it looks a lot of the time. Now, this whole time while this is going on, the algorithm is trying to learn from an ad account that's saying something different in every single ad. Now, post-Andromeda, that matters more than ever. The algorithm needs to see the same type of message repeated across ads to build on. Without that, you're resetting every single time. Now, in a lot of scenarios, what will happen is you'll have a creative agency, you'll have a creative strategist, you'll have a static design agency, you're making some founder ads. So, you've got these four different sources of ad creatives coming into the ad account, and they just won't be working together. You'll have some static agency, and they're making clickbait ads and driving people to click. It's getting a lot of attention, but then it's going to a product page. Or you have a creative agency, and they're just spamming UGC ads. They've got no strategy behind it. You've got your founder ads that are building on the story, but it's not really digging into the pain points. And then you've got your internal creative strategists that are just pumping out volume. What you need is you need all of these ads to be working together towards your specific messaging in the market, your specific positioning in the marketplace. Every single one of these ads should be testing a specific theory, and every ad should be learning from each other. And this means you'll begin to get compounding results in the ad account rather than just a couple winners here and there. Now, myth two is audience targeting is still what drives performance. Now, the algorithm does the targeting now. This is a trillion-dollar company that we're talking about. You do not know how to place your ads better than this trillion-dollar company. So, what you do is you put inside the ad who you want Meta to target, not the audience you set up in the campaign. Now, there's a few scenarios where we have clients and they're doing some interest-based targeting a lot of time on the B2B stuff. However, in e-commerce, in D2C, even SaaS brands that are that are really scaling right now, we're seeing broad audiences doing all of the work. Now, if that ad isn't speaking to anyone specific, no interest stack is going to fix it. No podcast ad where you spend $10,000 on a podcast is going to fix it. No amount of ads is going to fix it. The brands that are still obsessing over the audience segmentation, exclusion layers, interest stacks are optimizing something that stopped working a while ago. Now, I speak to founders every single week who've spent months tweaking their targeting and can't figure out why performance is down. But, the targeting isn't the problem. The creative is the problem. No amount of audience work fixes a generic ad. So, what you want to be doing is you want to be doing your research and getting hyper-specific on who the target audience is, what their pain points is, what their desires are, what objections they have, and most importantly, what is their awareness level. Looking across all of your customer bases, what is the biggest, easiest group of people to target? And you want to be looking at that group of people. Usually, solution aware is the easiest audience to get going with, but you can also start looking at problem aware. As you're scaling, you will have to go up the funnel, but you want to be making ads that are bottom of funnel as well, so you can sweep up those people who are interested, who have been on the website and landing page. But you've got to get very specific with who you're targeting. So, myth three is that campaign structure is what separates good ad accounts from bad ones. Now, don't get me wrong, structure matters, but it's downstream of everything else. Now, I audit ad accounts with perfect naming conventions, clean campaign setup, proper budget allocation, running completely flat, and not getting results. It's because the creative underneath wasn't built on anything real. You can organize your ad account perfectly and still be scaling nothing. The structure doesn't make your ads work, the ads make the ads work. Now, the reason that this myth persists is because structure is so visible, it's so easy to point out, and it's easy to blame because there's so many different options that you can go through. Now, you can pull up your ads manager, you can show someone a clean account. You can't do that with a winning angle. You can't show people an ad and guarantee that it's going to work. Now, that's a common misconception. Your ad looks worse than mine, or this ad looks really good. You can't actually judge an actual ad unless you've got the customer data, you're doing that research, and you're understanding this is the type person that I'm targeting. The angle is what actually determines whether the ad account grows. You can't really judge an ad visually. You can kind of say, "Okay, yeah, that's a good hook. It looks like a good ad," but you can't truly judge it. And that's why people will just default to ad account structure. Here's what Andromeda actually changed. For anyone who isn't familiar, Andromeda was Meta's algorithm update that changed how creative actually gets distributed across the platform. A lot of people hate it, a lot of people love it, and I'm one of the ones that actually think it's a net positive change for the platform. And a lot of people will be annoyed at at hearing that, but once you understand it, and hopefully this video will explain it, you'll be able to get better results than you were before. And it changed things in a way that most brands still haven't adjusted to. First of all, creative became the targeting. Now, it very much was the targeting before, but now it is 100% what does the main part of the targeting. It even scrapes your landing page. It even scrapes if people are filling in forms on the website, what people are buying, the things they're clicking on. It is scraping everything. So, pretty much what your ad says and who it says it to the most is now the most important decision in your account, not the actual audience setup. As of recording this right now, I can go into Ads Manager and I have access to over 100 ad accounts from brands spending 50k a month, 100k a month, to brands spending $2 million a month. We have one client now that's spending $11 million a month. And across all of these brands, I have no bias because we're not media buyers. What we can say is we have clients that are doing Advantage Shopping Plus campaigns, clients that are doing CBO campaigns, CBO with minimum spends on the ad sets, people that are still doing testing and CBO scaling. Across all of the brands, what matters is the creative, the alignment of that creative to the landing page, and the offer of obviously what you're actually selling, and your creative strategy. So, that's why that I can say that ad account structure isn't what's going to move the needle and get you to the next level. One of the brands we're actually working with, they were doing no creative strategy. They were spending about 60 to 100k a month on ads, and they were just basically doing founder-led ads. They were making a few ads, not doing that creative strategy. We came in and we mined all of their reviews, got all their customer data, segmented it into different personas and pain points, what they cared about, understood the awareness level of the ad account, and we drafted a plan of mapping these personas to different creative styles, and we were able to double that ad spend in a 60-day period whilst maintaining their CPA. And that's the power of creative that actually speaks to individuals and specific pain points and angles and people. Now, the second thing that Andromeda changed, and it's the harsh truth and it's not actually really good news, is that creative fatigue happens faster. The algorithm learns quicker than it ever has before, and it moves on quicker as well. You know, it sees an ad, if it doesn't like the ad, it'll be done with it. Winning ads are dying in weeks, and of months, instead of lasting for years and years like they have in the past. So before, you might run an ad and it might show some good results. It might start off a little bit and it might look like an early winner and eventually fatigue. Now it's pretty quick. If it likes an ad, it'll tag onto that ad and it'll scale like never before. Now we still have ads that have been in the ad account for 6, 12 months and that's really our goal to make long-term winners, but it's just a little bit more difficult to do now and we do see ads that pick up a little bit of spend, they get good results, but then eventually taper off and we think it's because Andromeda is learning so quick and it's just really prioritizing those winning ads. So if you don't have new angles coming in, performance will drop. It's just a matter of time. Now number three is ads that speak to one specific person outperform ads that speak to everyone. A generic ad that could be talking to anyone converts no one and an ad that names a specific frustration in that exact language that that specific person uses to describe it. That's what gets distributed and scaled. Now broad messaging with tons of spend behind it doesn't work the way that it used to work. is unstructured testing teaches the algorithm nothing. Now Meta learns from your inputs and if those inputs are scattered, then the learning is scattered as well. The brands that are winning right now and scaling are feeding the algorithm a consistent story. Same angles tested across different formats so it can build on what's learning instead of resetting every single week. Now the best ad accounts that we see have a real structured approach where they have their main personas that align with the brand's main positioning and kind of messaging. You figure out, okay, what is the best angle? What is the best hook? And then you consistently test that across different formats. You test it and really try and build that ad account and that's how you get compounded results and that's how you can actually reach seven figures a month in ad spend. So rule number one, the winning angle never comes from the product out or from inside the business. So majority of the time, it's never the one that the brand thinks is the most important. It's never the one that came out of a team meeting. It's the one that comes from the customer, the language that they're already using to describe their problem before they've even heard of the product. Every competitor in your category is walking past the same frustrated customer because they're briefing creative based on what they want to say rather than what the customer is already thinking. Now, the brand that finds that gap first and names it first wins the attention. That's a starting point for everything that we build. So, you want to be using your customer reviews, your Reddit, wherever your customers are actually talking, post-purchase surveys, any post-purchase data you have, comment sections, that's where you can find their specific language. Now, rule number two is test angles, not just ads. So, an angle is the one idea the whole ad is built from. The specific frustration or desire that makes that right person feel like the ad was made for them and the product was made for them. Now, I'm not sure just talking about the hook, the format, or the creative. It's the whole idea of the ad. Now, when you track angles instead of just ads, you start understanding which type of message actually converts your specific customer. And that's what builds up over time. That's how you can compound your ad account. And without it, you're just looking at spend and ROAS with no understanding of anything that's working and why, which means you can't actually replicate it when it stops. And it also means you can never get compounding results in your ad account. Now, rule number three is when you find a winner, build from it. A lot of brands find something working and will just put more budget behind it and scale it and scale it and scale it, which is half right. But, the only problem is it will eventually fatigue. They'll go looking for something new, trying to make new ad creatives. Now, that cycle is obviously what keeps ad accounts stuck in the same spot month after month. What's better to do is build on what's already working. So, you can take that same angle, test it in a different format. You can take the same concept, try a new hook. Now, you're not hunting for a new winner every single time. But, what you're doing is you're getting more out of the ones that you already have. You're collecting more data on what works with your customers. And eventually, you will find those new angles and those new winning ads. Now, one example of this is we had a winning ad that spent six figures. The simplest thing in the world that we did, we got a UGC creator to record a green screen ad. So, how that looked was the winning ad was behind them and they were in a corner of the screen. And they speaking through saying, "I saw this product on Facebook and I had to try it." And then played the hook of that winning ad, and we made another ad that spent six figures, as simple as that. You can do that by changing the hook, you can do that by building from the angle, by chopping and changing the existing footage that you have, getting new creators. There's so many ways that you can make new winning ads, and that's what the job is to do and try and find. Now, rule number four is have a real decision framework written down before you launch. Now, there's two mistakes that you need to watch out for here. The first one is pulling ads too early. So, if an ad's getting spend, the algorithm is still learning. So, give it some room to actually spend and get results. The second is keeping ads running out of hope. If something hasn't hit target after a few weeks or spent a lot of budget, holding onto it is just burning your budget, and it's very important to find the line between those two mistakes. So, what you want to do is write your decision criteria before an ad even goes live. So, always optimize for purchase, of course, not add to cart or traffic or view content, which surprisingly enough, I know a lot of you will be thinking, "Okay, that's obvious." Yeah, I still audit ad accounts spending a decent amount of money that are optimizing for the wrong thing, which is crazy in 2026. Because whatever you actually opt- imize for is what the pixel will learn to find. Now, rule five is track everything, not just what works. So, you need to know what angle was tested, what format, what hook, and what the result was for every single ad. Without that, you have no way to build on anything. An ad that underperformed at $500 spend can become a winner when one thing is changed, but only if you know what the element you need to change is. Now, a tracker, some kind of simple tracker is what separate brands that build on the results over time from brands that just keep starting off over and over again. Now, using these five rules, we took a supplement brand from 500 K to $1 million a month in Meta ad spend in 60 days. We took a car accessories brand from 90 K to over $2 million per month in revenue in just 7 months. Now, one of our clients came to us, they were working 12-hour days, running the ads himself, writing the scripts, managing every single piece of content himself, and still losing ground because his best ads were dying. He had no idea to replace them. So, he went from being the bottleneck in his own business to only having to approve final ads once a week. Now, the creative was built from the customer research, tested with structure, and then iterated based on what the data was actually saying. That's what this system can actually produce. And in 2026, the brands that have it are going to keep pulling further ahead than the ones that don't. So, if you want my team to run this for your brand, the research, the angles, the creative system, the link is in the description, and you can book a free call. We'll audit your ad account, show you exactly which angles are worth testing, and map out what this looks like for your brand specifically. Now, if you want to see the full process in action, how we go from a blank page to a complete creative package for a real brand step-by-step, I broke that down in this video right here, and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nbrayn [1 likes]: Awesome video Adam 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

- How To Run Meta Ads in 2026 (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. Andromeda. So in this video, we're going to look at Andromeda. Can you see it? Let me zoom in. Let me zoom. Zoom out. Let me zoom in. Can you see it? Andromeda. So before we jump in, I want to talk about the source of the material that we're going to use in today's video. Right, there are three key sources. Well, there actually four. Source number one is a meta article that was written for the engineering team at Meta. Right now, this article was written by the for the engineering team and most likely by engineers. So we're going to pick out very few things from there. We are not engineers. Well, let me speak for myself. I'm not an engineer and I'm guessing you're not an engineer. So, a lot of the jagons inside that article, we're not going to talk about it, but there are certain key things that I need to reference. Okay, that's source number one. Source number two is there's a newsletter that I normally read at least once or twice every every week and it's called the DTC newsletter, right? If you're in e-commerce space and you sell on platforms like Amazon, you use Shopify very often, you should also look at signing up. Again, they're not sponsoring this. It's just something that I use for my personal time and I think it would help you if you have an e-commerce business. Okay, that aside, number three, my head. I have accumulated all this amazing data and I've let's say mashed it up together to bring a simplified version that should make sense to you in this particular video. That's number three. Number four is my money, my hard earned money. Yes, I've been running ads dur throughout this whole period and let's just say Andromeda has shown me shi as well. So those are the four key sources where I am bringing this information out to you. Now permit me to use chemistry to explain Andromeda to you. In chemistry, there's something called a catalyst. Right? If you're into cars, you would have probably heard about a catalyst in a car as well. Okay? Now, the whole point of a catalyst is to speed up a chemical process. So if you're trying to go from point A to point B when you add a catalyst into the mix, it speeds up that process. Okay, how does this concern Andromeda? Now Andromeda is Meta's new ad algorithm system. With Andromeda, your ads are shown to your target customers much more faster than before, right? Why is this possible? is because they have made certain changes within their own platform that is meta. Mark and his boys that have to do with Nvidia chips and all those kind of things that make that whole retriever well ad retrieval process much more personal. Basically what that means is when you put your video or your design or your creative into the ads manager platform that Andromeda algorithm is able to then take that your video or take that your picture and then connect it to the people that would find it relevant to them. Right? And it depends on your campaign objective. If you want those people to take a desired action to purchase, you want them to like a video, you want them to share with a friend, whatever it might be. Andromeda is the catalyst now that speeds up that process. So something will take metal let's say two maybe 2 days or 3 days to identify okay you know what this is working for this person this is not working for this person with andromeda they can do that in hours even seconds. So how exactly is this Andromeda different from what existed in the past right now when you are trying to set up your ad you can add things like targeting. So you can add the demographics, you can add the interest, you can add location, you can add those kind of things. You can give it a targeting criteria that you know what these are the people I want you to target. Go and target them for me. With the Andromeda update, the algorithm that has been put in place and the amazing software, technology, whatever it is you want to call it, that Nvidia have given them access to is now able to just look at your creative. So that your picture that your video that your carousel is able to just look at that particular creative and know that okay this is for Lagbaja this is for Ron this is for Hale Lima this is for Chiaaka that sort of thing that's how andromeda is different from what used to exist before all right so now you know what andromeda is you know why it is different from what was existing before all these amazing things now how do you use it the right way even though I told you in the last point that oh the targeting is done through the creative. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't add any targeting. I'm of the very strong opinion that no matter how this algorithm or update was created, it was first created for a western world first. Mag Zuckerberg would never understand Nigerians better than we Nigerians understand ourselves. That sort of thing. Now, as the algorithm improves, obviously, it will be able to understand my custom audience or my audience, my target customers better. What I mean by this is still add your own custom targeting, especially if you're not spending a lot of money in your budget. What demographic are you targeting? Are you targeting mostly women? Put it in there. What age do these women fall under? Put it in there. What kind of interest do these women have? Now, when it comes to interest, ideally give it between 12 and 15. That's the sweet spot I use. When it changes, I'll let you know. But what I've understood is you can't just leave it to go broad. Because when it goes broad, you know what happens? You begin to get people asking you dumb questions about the product that you're selling. And no offense to those people, but they're just not the word is problem aware. They're not problem aware. So you don't want to go through the process of telling them, oh, this is why you need my product. This is how my product helps people. Mm- You want metal to find those key people for you. So that's why you want to also, you know, put some form of targeting. That's number one. Number two, let's imagine there are two different businesses that both sell phone. Mr. A and Mr. B. Well, Mr. V, actually, [snorts] if you know, you know Mr. V, Mr. A, sorry, Mr. A and Mr. B, right? They both sell phones. Let's just imagine Mr. A. Mr. A, not Mr. V, Mr. A. when he was setting up his ads manager, he had maybe seven to 12 different creatives that he put into the into the new ads manager when he was setting up an ad. And Mr. B just put in one creative. And when I say one creative, I'm talking about one ad. It could be a video, it could be a static image, it could be a carousel. Okay? So, you have your creatives. Put as much creatives as you can. Even before Andromeda, I'd always told you guys on this particular YouTube channel that you want to make sure that your v your your ads are at least three different creatives. You have the static image, you have the video, and you have the carousel. Andromeda has come and Andromeda needs more creatives. So, I think it was the um engineering article that said that the system is able to even handle over 15 million ad creatives in a month. You and I do not have up to 15 million ad creatives and the system can handle more than that. So what's your excuse? The more creatives you put into the system, the better the algorithm will work in your advantage. In the past, what would happen is the money will not be spent. If the ad if the ad you are using the ad creative is crap, meta will not spend the money. It will show you learning limited and it will ask you to up your budget because it has tried it best but the creative service is not working. this time around the Andromeda it will still spend the money cuz the system can push the creative it can force it right and this is what I've noticed so please spend some time have your creative assets and leverage it nowadays you would have to use more static images and AI is your friend there's image FX there's charg there's nano banana there see guys there are so many different AI tools you can begin to use to create good creatives good ad creatives for your Okay. So, you actually want to have a minimum of six different creatives. And when I say different, I mean guys extremely different. Okay. So, if creative number one is talking about how great your product is, let creative number two talk about the testimonials from different people. Let creative number three talk about um the different use case scenarios where your product is being used. Let creative number four talk about the problem around the product that you this problem h the solution around the problem that your product solves. Right? That was a tongue twister but that's these are how you find different creatives. You want to have a minimum of six different creatives that go go down this road. So to make your life easier you can say oh let me have two static images that talk about this two carousels that talk about this and two videos that talk about this. Ideally, if you can afford it, you want to have at least six different videos that talk about different things, right? Six different videos that talk about different things and then six different creat um static images and then six different carousels. Just imagine how amazing your what's it called? Your ads will be firing, right? Just imagine. Okay? And the reason why I'm saying this is it's it's the way this Andromeda setup is. The advantage is it's like a salesunnel. The more ads you give it, the better that sales funnel would run. And what I mean by that is Andromeda already has the capacity to handle millions of ads a month. And its job is very simple. If it shows customer, hey, this creative today and then tomorrow it shows it. It shows it another creative tomorrow and then after tomorrow after so on day three it shows that same customer a different creative. So that's just three different creatives and that customer purchases by day three and is going to record it. The algo is going to record it that okay I show them number one on day one number two on day two number three on day three and then they made that purchasing decision. Okay fine let's get to business and it will start firing that same format to all your different potential customers on meta on Instagram Facebook threads wherever they might be. Okay. So that's why you want to load it with those creatives. Let the algorithm decide whether the creatives are crap or not. And the good thing is with the speed at which this Andromeda performs, it will let you know when the creatives are crap or not. The final one is shortcuts. Now when it comes to shortcuts, the short and sweet answer is there is no shortcut. Okay? There is no shortcut. You're going to have to learn, relearn, and continue learning. Right? But I will help you in a sense where with this meta adromeda update the one key thing the most important thing I want you to know here is and I've been saying this such I've been saying this from from eons ago many many lives ago for those of you that have not seen me and this is your first time seeing me click that subscribe button so you see me more often but I've been saying this for a very very long time your creatives your video your static image your carousel that is what is going to make your customers buy from you if you audit your targeting. Oh, to add targeting for no, no, no, no, no. All that is crap. And if you want to learn how to make creatives that actually convert, watch this video next. If you want to ask me any questions, I'll be in the comments. See you guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daminiwilliams [4 likes]: Hope you found this video helpful. If you have any comments, feedback or questions - let me know in the comments and i'll respond asap.

Work With Me - https://daminiwilliams.selar.com/
Use Oja Digital For Free - https://ojadigital.com/
  2. @Isholade [2 likes]: Can you create an ads video for us from scratch please on this Andromeda
  3. @dinatudanladi1167 [1 likes]: Thank you for this breakdown, but please how can I set up my ads with andromeda and leads audience directly to my whatsapp group?
  4. @ifeanyifrancis9417 [1 likes]: Thank you for the heads up boss

That catalyst is really a nice thing ❤❤❤

But
These creative thing will be a bit issue, 😕😔 gonna b expensive to source for
  5. @I_am_mercysandra [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏
  6. @shineenobaby21: Thank you very much for this info🎉🎉
  7. @Prime-d2w: You Just gained a subscriber 😭😭
  8. @teleosFola: I love this video. Thank you!!!
  9. @lanrewajuidris3423: Thanks boss ❤
  10. @tekipeps: Me, I'm an Engineer
  11. @Walebravo: I learnt that with the minimum required budget, even with Andromeda you need to limit the number of creatives to three 
Is it true ?
  12. @OpetersDivine: For the interest… do we stack the 12-15?
  13. @judejack3750: I have been waiting on your review
  14. @affiliatemarketing2808: Hello Dami, 

Thank you for the insight, please could more videos around the meta Andromeda, the will help not only for dropshippers, but business owners, affiliate marketer etc. 
Thank you
  15. @josephglory5610: Thank you for being a blessing boss ❤

- The new way to make Meta Ads In 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to make ads that are impossible to ignore. Ads that stop the scroll, hold attention, and convert cold scrollers into buyers. And then, I'm going to give you a system to be able to consistently add new winners into your ad account every single week. Now, who am I to break this down for you? Well, I've been running Meta ads since I was 13 years old, and present day, my company produces a minimum of 2,000 ad creatives every single month, and we've generated tens of millions of dollars in tracked revenue for our clients. And most of you right now are doing things completely backwards. You focus on making your ads look pretty instead of making ads that are actually going to work. You're using the same hooks over and over, and switching things out, and you're structuring the messaging completely wrong. And you're also not producing nearly enough volume to keep up with A, the new algorithm, and B, just the landscape that is Meta ads in 2026. And what I'm going to show you is not only what we're doing, but it's also what the biggest, fastest-growing brands in the world are doing, and that's why we do it, too. So, before we get into the solution, there's two issues that I see that most of you need to overcome. The first is your obsession with quality or nitpicking small details, and the second is you severely underestimate the volume required to succeed. Right now, you're creating ads that look, sound, and feel like ads. If you're using AI to write your copy and you don't have a really, really dialed-in workflow, it probably sucks. And then comes the volume problem. Most of you guys are creating 20, maybe 30, maybe 50 ads a month. And I'm going to refer to Hormozi on this one. Just roll the clip on what Hormozi says about volume. >> No uh volume and repetition that is required to excel is typically not twice as much or 10 times as much. It's usually in the order of magnitude of thousands of times as much work. >> Now that you understand the rules of the game and how you've been playing it wrong, I am going to show you how to beat it. So, principle number one is understanding the native format. Post-Andromeda, native content is going to outperform studio-produced content every single time. I recommend UGC videos, street interviews, or iPhone VSLs. A good rule of thumb is if it looks and sounds organic, it's likely to perform better. Not only does the algorithm reward this, but we're living in a post-TikTok shop era. TikTok shop entirely changed the way that consumers behave and make purchasing decisions. And Meta has actually even spoken about this in their press releases. They want native ads. A, because consumer behavior has changed, but B, because consumers' number one gripe on the internet is ads. So, they want to create a user experience that feels like there's no ads. And even just think about it from your perspective. When you're scrolling through your feed, you scroll right past ads that look like ads. So, I'm going to show some good examples of what native ads look like right now. And this is a good place to start when building your swipe file. You can look at brands like Comfort, Dr. Squatch, Ridge, Hops, or others. They're very, very good sources for organic-looking, very native-looking ad creatives. So, the second principle is hook diversity. The hook essentially makes or breaks the ad, we know that. But you can have a very, very good concept with a very, very bad hook, and it's just not going to work. And I also want to make it very clear that there are two parts to every single hook. There's the copy and what the video is saying, but there's also the visual and what you are seeing when you see the video. And visual hooks are just as important as copy hooks. And like I say in all my videos, I'm not talking a cute dog, a car crash, or a BBL. I'm talking about a hook that is going to qualify and draw in your ICP. [music] The reason hook diversity is also important, notice I'm not saying just test a bunch of hooks, is because the algorithm needs diversity to find different audiences. If you're using the same hook or the same hook type or the same hook and you're not going to be finding different audiences that are necessary and you're leaving massive amounts of money on the table. So, this is why it's smart to go ahead and build a hook bank. That is an action item that you need to take. You not only need to have a swipe file, but you also need to have a hook bank. And you need to build out a list of hook variations. Let's say you're a skin care brand. You could go, "My skin always breaks out when hook. My dermatologist told me hook. This is the skin care product that hook. I thought this was a scam until hook. If you're tired of hook." And then beyond that, when you say that, "My skin always breaks out when blank." you could say different problems that relate to different people, okay? It's the same product, it's the same type of messaging, but they're very different hooks and you can also test very different visual hooks with those as well. And the third principle that we're going to talk about is messaging. Every winning video ad loosely follows this format. First, you need to dive into the problem, then you need to dive into your unique mechanism or why you are the solution, then you need to go into social proof or some form of risk reversal, and then you need a very strong CTA. This order works because it is exactly how people make buying decisions, whether it's UGC ad, a VSL, or whatever type of video ad you run. And then you need to also take these things into account when you're making your static ads. You can make some static ads that are very focused on the problem, some static ads that are very focused on how your product is a solution, some static ads that are very focused on social proof. These are more of your middle or bottom of funnel static ads, whether it be a review, a testimonial, or before and after. And the reason that making ads this way works so well is because your funnel is essentially addressing the objection that the customer has before they even have it. And all of the ads that we make and all of the funnels that we build follow this type of messaging structure. So, number four, it is velocity, volume, output. And this is where most of you are losing, to be honest. I get on a lot of calls with potential clients and I look in their ad account and they have some really really good ads. Whether they made them by accident or whether they were watching good videos and learning, they actually have some very good ads and they have some pretty decent KPIs on those ads. They work for a little bit, but they fundamentally misunderstand how much volume it actually takes to succeed in 2026. And it's because as we know, the algorithm rewards volume and diversity. Your competitor, if they're launching a hundred or a thousand new ads every single month, realistically they are going to beat you. That is a very realistic threat to your business. But the key here and the way that you can win is not just producing tons of ads randomly. You need to actually build a systematic approach. And this is where we start to go into pipeline A and pipeline B. This is something that I've talked about on the channel and essentially what it is is understanding when you need to launch a lot of new concepts and when you need to launch a lot of iterations of previous [music] winners. So, pipeline A is specifically for new concepts. This is where you're consistently launching fresh new ideas, whether it be testing a new offer, whether it be testing new creative types, new angles, whatever it is. You're essentially just exploring and the point of this is just looking for some data, some feedback and your learnings to try to go and create new winners, find new angles and find new types of creatives that you can make. Now, pipeline B is going to be specifically your iteration and this is where you either take winning ads and figure out variables that you can change to recreate them or sometimes you even take losing ads that had some really good secondary metrics and you make one change and that could also become a winning ad. You can change variables like different hooks, different creators, different CTA, different format, but the whole core concept of the actual ad stays the same. You're just changing one or two variables. Now, this part is extremely important. The balance between pipeline A and pipeline B. The balance between new concepts and iteration. And this is going to totally depend on you or your media buyer or if you work with us, it's going to depend on us. But this is going to depend totally on how well you're actually doing your learnings, how well you actually understand what's going on in the ad account, what ads are winning, why they're winning. This is going to depend on your learnings. And an example I like to use is this. Let's say you've been launching a lot of new ads, your winning ad is starting to see a rise in cost per acquisition, your hit rate is pretty low. This is an example that you're stuck on one piece of messaging or one angle, and it's time for you to launch some new fresh concepts into the ad account. Or vice versa, you don't have a ton of winning ads in your ad account, but you just had a really, really hot batch. Good ads, good hit rate. This is time where you can take that and turn one, two, three, four new winning ads into 10 good ads. But these things are ever-changing as time goes on. So a specific example, let's say maybe this month your account's kind of stalling out. You don't have a lot of winners. We go heavy in the new concepts and we go less into iterations. Maybe 70% new concepts, 30% iteration. Then by next month, we actually have found a lot of winners. We want to shift that the other way. We maybe want to go 20 to 30% new concepts and then maybe 70 to 80% iterations based on those winning ads that we just had in the prior month. This is going to make it so much easier to produce volumes of content. And this comes from understanding what's going on in your ad account and doing proper learnings. And truthfully, this is the modern moat. Your product is not your moat, your quality of creative that you can produce is not your moat. This is the moat. Understanding how to make good content, how to make good ads, and then understanding why they're actually good ads. So to bring this all full circle, the four things you need to remember. First, native format. Second, hook diversity. Third, understand your messaging. and fourth, volume. Now, if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word Hormozi to let me know that you made it all the way through. And if you're a direct-to-consumer brand spending more than $100,000 a month and you don't want to do this yourself, click the link below. There's a bunch of ad examples that we've made on our landing page. There's case studies, there's testimonials, and there's a full video explainer about exactly what we do and how we do it. So, hopefully that was helpful. Comment Hormozi if you made it to the end. See you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @bad3mko105 [1 likes]: Is 1200$ enough for starting with meta ads? Should I save up more or focus on organic trafic until I get my bread up for meta ads ?
  2. @ismailrouaiguia4913 [1 likes]: Bro we need master meata ads form scratch zero to hero " hours of content value like hormozi " 🔥🔥❤️‍🔥
  3. @dawson2670 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  4. @arwindkalai8961 [1 likes]: Hormozi
  5. @zomamarkets [1 likes]: Hormozi
  6. @ardikalda5213 [1 likes]: Hormozi!
  7. @TheSyrianmamba [1 likes]: Goat🔥
  8. @ColorOfWealth [1 likes]: Hormozi
  9. @InternetArchivess [1 likes]: Great video
  10. @Paradise-Performance: Hormosi, outstanding information!  TY
  11. @MagmuuStore: Hormosi, thanks G for priceless knowledge
  12. @krysttonjhonatan: Hormosi, great video!
  13. @Xaehhh: Whats your opinion on me doing paids and making ai ugc ads will it get good leads for my clients
  14. @onaldo333: What if you have a budget of like 500-600 dollars for ads?
  15. @ColorOfWealth: Need more videos like these. Way better than the wanna be “Guru’s “. Nothing better than sound quality advice from someone whos in it. Appreciate the phone call, thank you for sharing some good game, can’t wait to meet u on the other side @jaredirobinson

- How to Run Facebook Ads In 2026 (Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook just dropped the Andromeda update and this changes everything for how we run our Facebook ads and how you run your Facebook ads for your drop shipping stores and your e-commerce brands. Since this update, I've been getting tons of questions. How do you now test your products? How do you scale your Facebook ads? Is Facebook ads dead? So, in this video, I'm going to be breaking down how this Andromeda update works and how it's going to affect your account and how the Facebook brain now works. And I'm also going to be showing you step by step in this video our current setup that we're using with this Andromeda setup that's actually helping us scale our drop shipping stores and our e-commerce brands. Now, there is a like goal on this video, guys, of 750 likes. If we hit that like goal, it tells me that you like this type of content and I need to make more of it. So, make sure you destroy the like button so we can hit the like goal. So, let me quickly explain to you guys how the new Andromeda update works and how it affects the Facebook brain. So, Facebook's ad system is basically a huge AI powered machine engine that connects advertisers who want attention with users who are most likely to respond. It does this billions of times per day in just milliseconds. Now, the huge thing to take away is they're now using AI powered machine learning in their algorithms. The way it works is the advertiser creates an ad. So, that's step one. Then, Facebook AI enters the auction. So basically, if you don't already know this, Facebook ads is an auction platform and that's how the spend and the results work. Now each ad competes based on three things. Bid, how much are you willing to pay, which is the auction? Estimated action rate, how likely is the person to take action, click, buy, watch, etc. Then the third thing is ad quality. How relevant and engaging and trustworthy is your ad? Then the AI learns from the user's behavior. So when the user clicks, watches, scrolls past your ad, buys the product or fills out a form, then the AI learns from the user's behavior again, Facebook tracks the data anonymously and feeds it back into the AI system that the system learns which people are most likely to take action and start showing your ad to more of those people. So that's essentially how the Facebook ad brain now works guys. There are some crucial updates that you need to understand. Now, this part here is the thing you really need to understand. If you can't do this correctly, then you're not going to win. Now, let me actually break down the Andromeda update from Facebook's blog post itself. So, Meta's new Andromeda algorithm update is revolutionizing how ads are ranked and delivered. The new AIdriven creative optimization system. Now, the key thing is it's all AI creative driven knowledge. So, the creative that you put on Facebook is so important. The optimization system rewards ads with diversity, penalizes repetitive formats. If Facebook's advertising performances declined recently, it's not your targeting, it's your creative strategy. Now, I've been banging on about this for so long. Creatives are more important than anything else when it comes to Facebook. Meta's Andromeda update is an AI powered ad delivery architecture. Built to make Facebook and Instagram smarter, faster, more predictive. Unlike the old flat model that relied on user engagement and history, the new AI system uses multi-layered neural thinking and ranking. Ad index. The system quickly narrows down relevant ad clusters. The AI models predict which creatives will perform the best and ad candidate. The top performing scoring ads are shown and this process repeats in real time. Facebook's AI now runs ads mostly on its own. Instead of you deciding exactly who sees your ad, the new Andromeda AI system decides for you based on what people do online. It studies billions of actions like what people click and how people behave on the ad. Ad targeting. The AI chooses your audience. Before you would choose your audience. An example would be women aged 25 40 in Los Angeles who like skincare. Now you pick a broad audience like all women in the US and the AI figures out who's really interested in your skin care based on their online behavior. Example, the AI notices some users recently watch skincare videos or beauty pages. So it shows your ad to those people automatically. The second thing is creative testing. AI test lots of versions. Now, before you made small changes to one ad, like a new color, a different headline, or maybe a different voice over. Example, you test glow cream verse radiant cream. It could be that small of a difference. Now, you make many different variations, different photos, different videos, and captions, and the AI will test all of them. An example could be you upload 10 skin care ad versions, different models, tones, packaging. The AI quickly learns that short product videos perform best with your ideal audience. Number three is the campaign structure. Before you'd split your ads into lots of small adets for each group, example, one for teens, one for adults, or one for men. Now you combine them into one campaign and the AI shows each version of your ad to the right person. So before you used to have to segment it out manually. Now AI will do it for you. Number four is optimization. AI manages your budget. Before you'd manually increase or lower budgets depending on the performance. Example, you notice one ad getting more clicks so you raise its daily budget. Now the AI will adjust it moving money to better performing ads. Example, if your natural skincare video works better than your anti-aging photo, then it will put the budget behind the video automatically instead of the photo. Now, I've made a really good sideby-side comparison here, and I think this is the quickest way for you guys to learn what is the old system versus the new one. The old system is here. You picked audiences. Now the AI chooses. You tested small variations. Now the AI test doesn't for you. So this is just a quick way for you guys to see side by side the complete difference. Now before I show you guys the actual campaign setups and the creative setups and all that kind of stuff, I need to explain how you should be approaching your creative. So actually making the content for your products. Before people would always think, who's the audience that I need to send the product to? Now, you need to think about what creative do I need to present to my audience. Now, before we move on to the next part of today's video, when you sign up to Shopify, make sure you use my link in the description and in the pin comment because you're going to be getting three months for $3, which basically means each month for the first three months is only going to be a dollar. So, month one, $1, month two, another dollar, month three, another dollar, which equals $3 over 3 months. Usually, Shopify is $29.99. So, you're going to be saving way over $50. And if you didn't already know this, all the biggest brands use Shopify. So, whether you're going to be starting a drop shipping store or an e-commerce brand, Shopify is by far the best, and it's not even close. And if you do use my Shopify link, I will earn a commission and it does help support the channel. So, if you want to keep supporting me, make sure you use this link in the description and in the pin comment. With that being said, guys, let's get back into it. Now, to show you a real example of this, here is an ad being ran and you can see soft save and full surprise, perfect for curious little hands. So, this is an ad to sell a kids product. But if I look at their other ad that they're running, it's the same video, but guess what they've changed? They've only changed the headline, interactive play barn for baby's first adventures. So, what was I saying to you guys before with the new Andromeda update? Just changing these subtle things is not going to be enough anymore. This used to work with the old method, just changing the first 3 seconds in the video, just changing the text as the headline. This used to work fine. You'd get away with it and get good performance. Now, here's another example of another brand doing it the wrong way. They're running ads in the same style. So, they're using a UGC style talking into the camera 9x6. This is one ad they're running. This is another ad they're running. And guess what? It's the same style of campaign. One's just a female, one's a male, but they're just talking into the camera. What variation is there? These aren't different styles of videos. These are the same styles. UGC talking into the camera, old raw style. This isn't enough variation for the Andromeda to be happy with. If you look at the text, the call to action, it's all the same. This will not work on Andromeda update on Facebook. So, if you're watching this and you know you fall under this old system, you need to stop right now. So, you're probably now watching this thinking, well, if Facebook cares so much about creatives and creative testing, how am I possibly going to make this many video creatives for my drop shipping store or e-commerce brand? Now, the simplest solution for this is by using a tool like Arcad. Now, this is the tool that I've been using for my own drop shipping and e-commerce brands, and the results have been insane. So, let me quickly show you guys the kind of ad content you can make with Arc Ad. So, check this video out. Now, the product that I'm using for this example in the ad is this pickle ball racket. So, check this out, guys. If I go back to Arcads, check out this AI UGC actor I made. And with the product, guys, have been testing the Quad Rhino for 3 weeks now. 24K carbon, antiibration tech, and this sweet spot. massive. My arm feels zero pain and my shots have never been this powerful. If you're serious about paddle, check out Quad Sports. So, how crazy is that, guys? Number one, the AI actor is fully custom made to fit my product niche. He's in a tennis/ paddle court, which matches my product perfectly. He's also in the right attire. He's custommade. The emotion of him expressing himself in this video is topnotch. I'm going to be showing you very quickly how you can recreate content just like this and even more insane AI content so that you can stay ahead with the new Facebook andromeda update as it's all about creatives. Now, all you need to do is sign up to Archads using the link in the description and in the pin comment because you're going to get the best deal and coupon code on Arcads and it is the best platform for creating AI content for creative marketing. Now, as soon as you've created an account on Arcer Ads, you're going to see a dashboard like this. And what you're going to want to do is click new project. And as soon as you've clicked new project, you're going to want to call this project whatever the name of the product is that you're creating creatives for. Then once you've done that, guys, you're going to see all of these options here in the bottom. So you got talking actors, you got gestures, video scenes, show your app unboxing, one 2.0, animate. Now, for now, we're going to stick with talking actors because that's how you're going to be able to create UGC actors explaining your product like I just showed you. Then, all you need to do is go to where it says audiodriven and you want to choose the Omnihuman 1.5. This is the best technology out there with AI to create ultra realistic AI avatars with expressions and with creating emotions. Now, once you've done that, you want to keep text to speech and then you want to go to where it says add actors. Now, you can choose from the range of actors they already have. Now, this is good if you haven't got a super specific niche product, but if you want to take it up to the next level, go to where it says my actors, then click create actor, and then go to where it says generate from reference or images. Then you're going to see here you can explain your type of actor here, and you can choose an image and the aspect ratio. Now, we're going to need 9x6. Then you can either upload an image of somebody that you want the AI to recreate as an actor. Now me personally, I actually use a text prompt. Now how I come up with a text prompt is I use something called Scopic AI and I prompted Scopic AI saying I need a UGC actor making for a pickle ball racket product and then I told it to choose the type of avatar for me and then I asked it to make me a prompt to make the actor. And you can see here prompt AI character creation. Create a ma male character who is passionate about pickle ball player content creator who is in his late 20s early 30s. So it basically creates the prompt for me. So all I've got to do is copy that prompt, go back to Arcar Ads, paste it in there, click the generate button, and then Arcer Ads will create three images of some potential avatars that you can then turn into AI video avatars. And just within a few moments, guys, Arcar Ads have created my AI actor based on my prompt from Scopic AI. And these are some really good options. All I've got to now do is click select actor. Click select. And then you can say what should the actor do? Now, this is basically about expression. Should they be excited? Should they be looking at the camera? So, this is expression. Now, I've gone back to Scopic AI and asked it for this information. You can see here a warm genuine smile that conveys enthusiasm. So, I can just copy this information, guys. Go back to Arcer Ads and paste it in here. And then click turn into talking actor. And then it's going to show you how many credits that you need to do this. And it says I need two credits. I'm going to click confirm. Turn into actor. And then it's going to give you the option to choose a voice for that actor. So, let's go through them. >> Hey, you. Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the natural AI actors. You could >> Now, I personally like the third voice over. So, I'm going to click pick voice. And now you can see generating video. Now it's going to launch the learning model to actually recreate this AI avatar with our voice over with our emotions. And then within around about 1 to 2 hours, it will be available for us to use. You're now going to see your brand new custom AI avatar added in. And all you need to now do is add a script. And then that AI avatar will read from the script and use those emotions that you've given it. Now, what you can obviously do is create another two actors so that you've got within the whole video ad three actors that are custom to your product with different expressions, different backgrounds, male, female, then conveying your story. And you can go back to things like Scopic AI and ask it to make you a UGC ad for your product and explain what kind of product you're selling, etc. And then it will give you that script. Now, that's just one cool tool that you can use in Arcer Ads to create some amazing content for your ads. If you go back to where it says talking actors, you can now go to videos. Now when you go to videos, you can change it to Sora 2 Pro. Sora 2 Pro is the new highest end video generation for everything. So you can select Sora 2. And then you can change it by 9 by6. I'm going to change it to 12 seconds long. And then you can even select a template. So there's some already made Sora 2 templates that you can use if you don't have an idea. I've asked Scopic AI to make me a video shot of my product. I can go back to Arcer Ads now. Paste it in here and then click send. So now what's going to happen is Sora 2, the latest video generation model by Open AI, the best one, is now going to create me a custom video footage to put on top as B-roll for my UGC actor. So I've got my UGC actor talking. Then I've got a custom Sora 2 video on top showing off the product. Now, another really cool feature that I want to mention quickly, guys, is the unboxing POV. Now, it's in beta mode. I've used it a lot and it's really cool. Now, here's an example of an unboxing video that I made in the past, guys, for the product. You can see it shows the packaging and then it shows somebody's hand opening it up and then it shows somebody taking the wrapper off and then the paddle board is there, guys. Look how insane that is. And the product is the same as it is in the image. They haven't changed the product. So, this is really cool to have as a bit of B-roll in my video. Then, Sora 2 Pro made some video footage of somebody using the racket, paddle racket in live action on the court, guys. So, we can use all of this footage again, like I said, inside of our video ads using Arcer Ads. And obviously, we can export all this footage, go into Cap Cut, and edit the video. This is just a way for you guys to have no reason or no excuse to be able to create unlimited style creatives for the new Facebook update. And again guys, make sure you check out our creds the pin comment. So now, let me cover the new campaign style that works for the Andromeda update on Facebook. So again, the yellow tag here is the campaign. Then you've got a branch of the ad set. Now the ad set, I call it angle one broad. Obviously I've told you before, keep everything broad. you don't need to do the targeting anymore. So now underneath the ad set, we now have ad concepts. Each ad is a concept. So think of it when you make your ads in your Facebook, you think of them as concepts. Number one is a video testimonial. Number two is a public interview. Number three is a UGC video. Number four is an unboxing. And number five is a top tips. Now another example could be a challenge video like I've mentioned before. Now these ad concepts that I've come up with, I can reuse them again. The only thing that I would change is the angle. So look here, angle number three. So this is angle number one. Angle number three could be the exact same concepts of ads, but I might change the psychology. So if I'm trying to pull emotions with all of these different concepts. So the video testimonial is an emotional one. Public interview is an emotional concept. Then I can remake them again, but this time it's about something else. It could be a curiosity. It could be an awareness. It could be a totally different angle. So what I'm saying is it doesn't mean that you can't reuse the concepts. It just means the angle and the psychology that you're using behind the concepts need to be changed. And this is the exact same strategy that we're using for our Facebook campaigns right now. These type of concepts work very well. It's just engineering them differently around the different adsets that you have. So you can see angle three here and then angle two. Again, the only thing that would change is the psychology behind the concepts. So here's an example of the new way to test the creatives. So you can see here this is a humor ad. Read the ad very carefully. Women's wellness by ino subs. So you can see here my waist has gotten tighter. I can feel that my hormones have improved. I'm less stressed, energized, and feel great overall. So that's a humor ad. Now if we go down, they're running a testimonial ad. Check this one out. My waist has gotten tired and I can feel more hormones. So, check out the creative that they're running. Now, although they're running the same ad copy, look, the video creative is totally different. This is a humor video. This is a testimonial video. Now, in their third ad, they're running a fax ad. So, this is all factual. I almost immediately started to feel better mentally after a month. The pound started coming off. Now, who is it in the video? You can see it's some form of doctor. The person in the video is some form of certified doctor. So you can see this is a factual type of ad concept. And number four is a product ad. So you can see here the video is 9 by6 and it's a product style ad. So again, you need to ask yourselves guys if you're watching this, are your ads like this right now as you're running them? Now this is a really good example. This could just be broad to women. Now I could do it niche down to women that are on the menopause, women that have just had child birth. So these are the different concept ideas that you can come up with. I remake all of these ads. One for women on the menopause, one for women that have just recently had child birth or are pregnant. So this is how you can mess around with these concepts using different angles and psychology tricks. Make lots of different concepts. Andromeda learns by testing multiple versions of your ad. The more creative inputs it has, the faster it will find people to send the product to in terms of present the video to that are likely to buy it. Aim for five to 10 concepts per campaign. Different formats, videos, photos, carousels, reals, different messages, benefit, story, testimonial, humor, UGC, all that kind of stuff. Challenge videos, all of those kind of ideas. Here's an example for a fitness brand. video before and after transformation, static image product shot with benefit text, real training given a 10-second tip, testimonial, customers saying why they love it. Another example could be a challenge video, somebody using the product for a 30-day challenge and the results that they got. These are some ideas. The AI will quickly figure out which one converts the best. The key is to keep your campaigns broad. Feed the AI. The AI needs data to learn. If you split your creatives across too many tiny adsets, each one learns too slowly. Now, before that used to work, but now Facebook's Andromeda update hates that, so don't do it. Combine smaller creatives into one big campaign. Let the AI distribute spend automatically. Refresh creatives often every 2 to 3 days. Instead of running five small skincare campaigns for different age groups, run one campaign with multiple creatives, and the AI will find which ad resonates with which group the best. Now, if you've currently got a campaign set up on Facebook and it's performing really, really badly, what you might want to do straight away is do what I've just said. Instead of spreading them over lots of different adets, put them all under one campaign under one ad set instead of branching them out. So, if you've experienced really bad results recently, just that one fix with the new Andromeda update can save your campaign when it comes to performance. So, if you've already got lots of stuff already there being ran and you're not happy with the results, try this first before you try anything else. Focus on messaging variety. AI doesn't just test visuals, it tests text as well. Give it variety of messages to learn from. Emotional could be finally feel confident in your skin. Rational could be clinically proven to reduce acne. Urgent could be only three left in stock. Story based could be I used to struggle with breakouts. An example could be the AI may discover your emotional story drives more conversion than the discount message. Now, the Andromeda AI will never know this if you don't try it. And that's why I can't emphasize enough. You have to try all of these things if you want to please the Facebook AI Andromeda. The mindset shift is targeting is dead. Creative is the new targeting. Structure is through the new strategy. And speed is the new advantage. So, the more creators you give with more variation, the more likely you are to scale more quickly. So, now let me show you guys some live examples of the old way to set up a campaign, which might be what you've currently got, and the live examples of ad creatives that just won't perform well anymore. So, this is the old campaign structure. So, the yellow tag here is the campaign in Facebook. So, just think of it like that. And then you've got this little branch called the interest. This is your ad set. And then you've got these ads in that adset. So you've got three ads under one ad set. One, two, three. Now on the other side, you've got the same thing. You've got an ad set and another three creatives. So this would be an example of the old way people usually set up their Facebook campaigns. Now under these creatives, what you would have under one creative is hook variation. And then in the other creative, it would just be a hook variation. So each variation under the old method would be usually that your first 3 seconds of the video would be different which is called the hook. So this is the old way people would usually set up their campaigns, their ads and their adsets. So it's just minor variations. Now this is the method that we're using for Facebook ads with the Andromeda update and it is working for us just fine. As you guys can see on the screen, the results are speaking for themselves. So, as long as you follow this complete step-by-step guide I've just shown you guys. And again, if you've currently got Facebook ads set up and you're running the old method, which is this one, you need to change it to the new method that is here. The Myro board is here for you guys. I've given you live examples with links. You just need to adapt to this style. If you carry on running your ads on the old style, you're just going to burn more and more money. So, please stop and move over to the new version. But with that being said, guys, that's how you're going to be running Facebook ads in 2025 and 2026 using the new Facebook Ads Andromeda update. With that being said, guys, make sure we hit the like goal. Let me know if you've enjoyed this video, and let me know what your experience currently is with the Andromeda update from Facebook.

  Top Comments:
  1. @THEECOMKING [4 likes]: Like goal fam is 500 likes 👍 

The best AI tool for making video creatives for ads: https://arcads.ai/?via=ecomking

The Best AI Tool For Dropshipping & Ecom https://skopiq.ai/
  2. @MuhammadHamayun-d5m [2 likes]: Please publish new course after Andromeda
  3. @hassankhanssj5 [2 likes]: I was facing issues with the results and I am pretty sure now it's because of Andromeda update. I used to do horizontal scaling but it is not working anymore. I am definitely gonna try this 1 adset and 5+ creatives and hope to see better results from now on. Thank you!
  4. @pulanethapelo4699 [2 likes]: Can you show us a step by step campaign creation using the new way? 


Reply
  5. @its_jennywolf [1 likes]: Question! 
We are service based, what my entire team experience is even suggesting women, the amount of sick men is insane! The ads worked well before in the engagement objective! What is the work around? They say from the start: hey ladies, or girl, u suffer from endometriosis? Same here…

This is very women specific and still all men click and no, very appropriate clothing, we are trying everything, it’s a complete nightmare. Any advice?
  6. @Edwintopdigital [1 likes]: You never actually made the video in Arcads, all youre saying is that its possible.  What happened with you actually showing how you made the video with the actor showcasing the custom product?
  7. @TorbLlorts [1 likes]: except not every product needs/demands/is able to run this type of different creatives; so what a fking shitshow
  8. @Kindermd7 [1 likes]: Could you make a video for someone who is just starting? Thanks mate!
  9. @Nahmannahman420 [1 likes]: this video is not easy to understand tbh, feels like you complicated  this update too much
  10. @Hwaranx [1 likes]: When is this update
  11. @stuartdonaldson5919: @10:00 - I feel like using AI testimonials should be illegal. You’re literally making it up. 

Not personal attack on you, just saying, for everyone.
  12. @MuhammadHamayun-d5m: Sir,
The one concept is broad. What could be the 2nd and 3rd concep? 20:21
  13. @SahilPropertyDealer: We request you to add Hindi and Urdu language tracks to all your videos.
  14. @tusharaahuja9413: Hey, I’m dropshipping in the USA. I’m an Indian seller with a U.S. LLC and EIN, but Shopify Payments and PayPal shut me down.
What other payment options can I use on my Shopify store so I can continue business?
  15. @reshmaramesh8826: thank so much for this video
  16. @Willwatson3: Hi, for each angle, do you have a different adset for testing, or do you include all in 1 ad set?
  17. @yassinekar8273: What do you think about Higgsfield?
  18. @OnurHasan-x1m: Hi mate is abo or cbo better if only using 1 ad set with 8 creatives?
  19. @ZIARHOSSEAN: bro please add Bangla voice
  20. @realchungy619: how do we add new ads? by adding to the existing adset, or a new batch with a new adset?
do u also use CBO?

- DON’T Use One Facebook Ads Campaign (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads, then you've probably heard about the one campaign method, a method that claims to be so good that all you need to do is throw all your ads in one ad set inside just one campaign. Now, as with most things, this is in fact too good to be true, and I'm going to completely debunk this strategy as someone who has spent over half a billion dollars in ads across 80 accounts that we manage at The Moonlight Ers and has driven well north of a billion and a half dollars in revenue for the clients that we manage and throughout my 10-year marketing career. In this video, I'm also going to show you exactly how you can set up your campaigns while using some of the methodology of the one campaign method, but not actually just using one campaign. So, I'll break down each of the campaigns that you need. I'll share exactly precisely why you need them, and we're going to debunk some of the issues right now because I don't want to see hundreds and hundreds of advertisers wasting cash at the wrong place at the wrong time, which you absolutely will do with a one campaign method. First things first, let me show you the one campaign method and why it completely does not work. Okay, so this first account is using the one campaign method. Now, in this case, this brand is doing quite well with it, but they could be doing so much better, and that's the key thing we need to understand. When we look inside this account, we see a single campaign that's been active for this period. It spent $128,000, which is a lot of money. It's driven 4,900 purchases at a $26 cost per acquisition to drive over half a million dollars in revenue at a ROAS of 4.39. So, really, really good metrics. However, the devil is in the details as it usually is because when we just do two breakdowns, we completely debunk this method 100%. So, first things first, what we need to look at is our audience segments. So, if you go to breakdowns and audience segments, we're now going to see the distinction between new audiences here, existing customers, and engaged customers. Now, if you don't already know what these are, I highly recommend setting them up. This is going to show you, if set up correctly, where you're spending your money on new audiences versus existing customers versus engaged customers. And you can see in this case, around $55,000 is being spent on engaged and existing customers, where new audiences spends $73,000. And because this is just using one campaign, Facebook has the ability to freely shift your budget from new audiences to existing customers to engage customers. You have absolutely no control over who specifically is receiving what ads, and way more important than that, you have no control over how much spend your existing versus your engaged versus your new audiences are spending. Now, on top of this being an issue, the more important question strategy work tremendously well for? If you're a brand spending $10,000 plus a day, even 20, 30, 40,000 dollars plus a day, this could actually work. And the reason this could work is because as you spend more and more and more, Facebook can't just keep hitting your existing customers. They have to go find new customers. But if you're one of those businesses that's spending $500 a day, $1,000 a day, $2,000 a day, Facebook is going to overspend like crazy on your existing and your engaged customers. Imagine if you were this brand right here that I have on screen, and you thought for sure that when you're putting money into your prospecting campaign, you think you're spending on more new customers and new customers, but in actuality, you continue to spend on engaged and existing customers. And I'm going to show you one more breakdown that proves this even further. When we go to our column set, we go to compare attribution settings, and we click incremental attribution. Now, what incremental attribution shows us is which conversions happened because of Facebook ads. This is not accounting for people who would have converted without these ads, and I think this is a very, very important distinction to make, especially in this campaign setup. Reason being is very clear. So, if you look first at our return on ad spend new audiences right here, the first thing you would think is it's only at a 3.3 compared to existing at a six and engaged at a 5.4. Therefore, you should absolutely spend more on engaged and existing, right? Cuz that's where you're getting your highest ROI. Now, that's debatable in and of itself, but let's ignore that argument for a second. When we use incremental attribution, incrementally, our engaged audience only drives a two all the way down from a 5.4. That's a 66% reduction. And our existing customers only drive a 1.3. That is a massive 80% plus reduction in return on ad spend, where our new audience, of course, it drops. It drops from 3.3 to 1.6, which is a 50% reduction, but it is the least reduced of them all. So, where do we actually want to spend our money? We actually want to spend our money on new audiences and engaged audiences. We are way overspending on existing customers. And the final thing I'll show you to absolutely validate this is our reach to impressions ratio. Look at our existing customers and our engaged customers. They cap out at 165,000 and 155,000, which means our frequencies on these are really high, which we can see right here. Our frequency is eight on engaged customers and 14.8 on existing customers, where our new audiences are only getting hit on average five times, and we're able to reach an entire new market of 1.75 million people. Okay, so what should you do? What is the actual best strategy that aligns with Andromeda, that aligns with some parts of the one campaign method, but ultimately doesn't ever put you in this situation where you're way overspending on existing customers, way overspending on engaged customers. Now, first thing I'll say is if you are one of those huge brands spending $20,000 a day, go ahead and try something like this because you will be able to outpace and spend a whole lot more on new customers. It is the businesses that are spending $1,000 a day, $500 a day that are going to get wrecked by this strategy. They might get higher return on ad spends in a very short period of time and then get toasted because they're not acquiring new customers, which if you don't look at these breakdowns, you're never going to know. So, what would I suggest? What do we do here at The Moonlight Ers? I'm going to show you the inside of an account and exactly how we run it. We run all of our accounts on a modular setup. We call this the M3 method. Now, the first part of the M3 method is structure, and that structure always has swim lanes. Swim lanes are so important. We have clear prospecting, clear retargeting, and clear retention. I don't want anyone to get this confused with top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel because it is very different. We are not curating creative to different parts of the funnel. We are not saying that the user starts here and works their way down the funnel eventually purchasing all the way at the bottom of the funnel. What we are saying is that we want to treat new customer acquisition, engaged acquisition, and existing customer retention as three different swim lanes. So, how do we actually set this up? We're going to work backwards. We're going to start with our retention-based campaign setups, retargeting next, and then prospecting finally, which is the biggest, most important thing you need to focus on. Starting at retention. Inside the retention campaign, you're generally only going to have a few different packs or a few different ad sets. In this case, we have one cuz we're not spending that much on retention. Now, the most important thing on retention is that we have all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed together. That's your Klaviyo audience combined with your pixel audience. I'll show you exactly what that looks like. Inside the ad set, if we scroll down to our audience section, first things first, you're going to notice Advantage Plus is off. Next thing is we have our location set up properly, our ages are wide, our genders are all on, and we are including purchasers 180 days and our two lists from Klaviyo, which are our Klaviyo purchasers 180 and our Klaviyo purchasers all time. You'll notice also we do not select use as a suggestion, and that's it. That is our entire setup of retention. We're just putting all of our creatives into this as long as they apply to existing customers. For example, we're not going to be putting in, you know, new customer offers within here, but we are going to put in new products, new arrivals, anything that's specifically curated to existing customers or just best sellers for them to keep coming back and buy again. The next campaign is retargeting. Now, retargeting gets slightly more complex. We have three active campaigns that are recommended campaigns for retargeting. Again, you can go beyond this, but these are our initial recommendations. Every brand is slightly unique. In this case, we have add to cart 90 days, website visitors 30 days, and then Instagram plus Facebook engagers over the last 14 days. These are really, really important because they cover the base of who's engaged with our brand in a short period of time. You have your add to carts, anyone who's actually gotten to the very bottom of the funnel and actually added a product to cart. You have your website visitors over the last 30 days, and then finally, you have anyone who's interacted on your Instagram posts and even your ads over the last two weeks. Now, I'll just show you one of these audiences so you have a better idea of what exclusions we set in place. You'll notice right off the bat, our audience definition is going to be narrow. That's cuz we are strictly targeting a very small cohort. And if we go down to the audience, Advantage Plus is off. We have our custom audiences inclusions and exclusions. Our inclusions are our Klaviyo website visitors and our website visitors, so that's a hard list from your CRM plus your normal website pixel 30 days, and we are excluding purchasers 180 days, purchasers 180 from Klaviyo, and purchasers all time from Klaviyo. And then finally, we are never using the use as a suggestion because that would take this audience and completely ignore all the exclusions, completely ignore all the targeting. We want to uncheck this box. And then finally, last but not least, the prospecting CBO. Now, we were just talking about that one campaign method. The one campaign method has a great philosophy behind it. It's a philosophy that you could just throw all your ads together and create a hyper competitive environment. And if you've been watching my content for the last 2 years, I have been stressing the importance of a hyper competitive environment. It has never ever ever been more important, especially with Andromeda, to put all your creatives in a competitive place. And that's exactly what we do in our prospecting CBO. The prospecting CBO is set up in such a way where we have dozens of packs. And you could see this right here. This is someone's account on my team who's doing this perfectly perfectly well. You could see one pack has spent the majority of the cash because those are the winners. And the cool thing about this is this is not the first pack we launched, right? In fact, there's dozens of other packs that we've tested. So, the way that we set this up is very simple. We have a primary prospecting CBO campaign. And every time we launch new creatives, those get launched into a new ad set, aka a new pack. Now, this whiteboard is something you may have seen before. And I really really want to focus this on the prospecting campaign. If we scroll into this prospecting campaign, I want to explain why this is hyper competitive and why this actually does exactly what the one campaign method is supposed to do. In this environment, what you have are individual packs. And every time you launch new creative, you launch a new pack. The winning ads rise to the top naturally. And the losing ads get very very little spend. And most of the time, we actually keep those ads active. That's your choice if you want to pause those ads that are only getting a few dollars in spend, or if you want to continue to keep them active. The great part about this setup and why I like it more is because the ads each have learnings. And every time you add a new ad to an existing ad set, you exchange the learnings. Meaning, we add a new ad up here. And then suddenly, the budget needs to be distributed to not only these four creatives, but an additional ad in the mix. That's what happens in the one campaign method. The reason we always launch new ads in a new pack is because they don't interfere with any budget allocation only on the campaign level. So, we're not interfering with any audience learnings, which are happening on the ad set levels. We're only interfering with campaign budget optimization, which is literally the function of campaign budget optimization is to add more ads so that it could spend the cash in the appropriate best performing spot for you. The other big key difference of this campaign structure is that it allows you to easily graduate winners to the top. So, in this setup, we graduate winners in two places. If you have a winning ad, a killer ad, you graduate that into the winners bucket, which goes into two spots. It goes into the scale campaign at the top of the account, and it goes into interest groups, single interest ad sets, which increases the efficiency of the broad ad sets because it actually finds new pockets of audiences that expand your total broad audience again and again and again. Now, keep in mind, every single strategy can change. Every single strategy will change. I have changed my strategy on this channel right here over the last 2 years with a little tweaks and modifications based on the millions and millions and millions of dollars that we spend across our entire client portfolio here at The Moonlighters. So, look, if you want a real pro that's actually going to take the learnings across dozens and dozens of different ad accounts that we manage at The Moonlighters to make sure you never misstep, you never implement the wrong strategy, you never kill what's already working, and that you can get your hands off of ads management within your business, then click the link down below in the description. And by the way, I also have a link to my entire M3 method, which breaks down this structure plus M2 plus M3, which you can get 100% for free, again, down in the description. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments below, and I will see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l107
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l107
  2. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: Is this structure also recommended for lead gen? Multiple people here already asked that question, would highly appreciate an answer! 🙏
  3. @meloneyduke [1 likes]: This is a game changer strategy! Thank you for sharing ❤
  4. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Perfect
  5. @solidz_shadowxx4478: Will this work for real estate
  6. @vamseereddy571: I see what your saying...
but here I am with my 1 campaign and my prospecting ads have daily frequency of 1.05 or less, so what am I concerned about here?
  7. @ahmedmehmood293: Well the debunk never tell about how much ROAS the existing and engaged customers generated, higher than new ones..so I think it's working perfectly fine
  8. @Mark-so2tg: is the 3-2-2 method the best lead gen for service based businesses? 3 creatives 2 headline 2 primary texts, in one ad?
  9. @yooabduls.spacejam: But wont testing six ads at once mess with the client's mindset.
  10. @Garo_Tcherpachian: audience learning happens at the campaign ...
  11. @thejeansguy: This probably seems like a dumb question but is your claim that for every $1 spent your clients averaged $3 in revenue?
  12. @manvendrachaudhary401: Just exclude the existing customers from your OCM. One Campaign Method is Isane in Every Way.
  13. @EliteBrandswithDanNikas: As someone who’s managed accounts at different spend levels, this is such an important nuance that most advertisers miss.

The “one campaign” idea sounds efficient — and in high-spend environments it can work — but for brands under $2–3k/day, it’s usually a shortcut to distorted data.

What really stood out to me here was the incremental attribution breakdown. That’s the piece most people ignore. On-platform ROAS looks great when you’re recycling engaged and existing audiences… but if incremental drops 60–80%, you’re not scaling — you’re just harvesting demand that was already there.

Separating prospecting, retargeting, and retention isn’t about overcomplicating structure. It’s about controlling capital allocation:

How much are we investing in net-new customer acquisition?

How much are we monetizing warm traffic?

How often are we tapping existing buyers?

When Facebook has full freedom inside one campaign, it will optimize for the easiest conversions — not necessarily the most strategic growth.

I also like the modular “pack” approach inside prospecting. You still get that hyper-competitive creative environment (which is critical), but without blowing up learnings every time you add a new ad.

At the end of the day, structure should match scale.
Enterprise playbooks don’t always translate to $500–$2k/day brands.

This is the kind of breakdown that saves people months of “good-looking” results that don’t actually move the business forward.
  14. @hevra5991: I do not see High performing or high performance badges on any of your campaigns? Is that Normal?
  15. @Flightcoach: Loved it! But what do you mean by "graduate to" near the end. Is that an automated proces? How do you set that up?❤
  16. @Dulyman_1: 0:05 I find it hilarious you don't know how to address the existing vs new customers.
  17. @wisebodyafter60: Awesome content.
  18. @lanaleksandra: im so confused, because I was coached by 9 figure ecom experts that MEta does retargeting right now, and I dont need to add any rules like 'people who added to cart'
  19. @adspoc: I have a product, a digital product, Single product nothing else. I made 3 ad copies. Ran a broad campaign, Found an obvious winner. Duplicated into a new campaign and used that single winner, Its running. Its ok. I made the second campaign learning from the adcopy of the first, similar broad. it seems to be running as well. its ok nothing great. I made a third campaign learning from both the ad copies, well its running as well. 3 Campaign, 3 Winning adcopies. All Broad. They perform good alone but as i add more campaigns they dont perform as well. they dont perform as i scale.  I am just not able to scale. my final attempt :  I envisioned a single campaign with 3 of my winners and hoped i would get tons of sales on each ad copy.
  20. @ts-sanjay: Hey Sam, your concept is awesome to launch every creative in a new pack (adset). What's your POV on audience fragmentation? especially for a small budget account.

- Google Ads in 2026: Everything You Need to Know in 5 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to share with you everything that you need to know about Google Ads if you're planning on advertising in 2026. First, let's talk about where your advertisements actually show up. It isn't just the top of the search results or the shopping tab anymore. Your ads can appear in YouTube shorts, the Google Discover feed, Gmail, YouTube, and more. And depending on when you're watching this, you might actually be seeing advertisements in Google's AI overviews. When someone asks a complex question in Google search and the AI experience loads, your advertisement or your product could actually show up in that result. What's important to understand is Google over the years has been moving away from keyword specific targeting to more intentbased targeting. It's becoming more based on signals like audience behavior, the likes and interest of the person that's searching, and even how they've interacted with your brand or competitors in the past. So now the question is how can you actually appear in the top spot because the Google search results are still one of the primary placements. It's not all about who has the most money although that's an important factor. It's about a formula called ad rank. Ad rank is your maximum bid multiplied by your quality score. Your max bid is what you're willing to pay. But the quality score is a measure of how relevant your advertisement is and how good your landing page experience is. If your ad is relevant and your website provides a good experience to that user, Google rewards you with lower costs. This is why bidding on your brand name is typically pretty cheap for you and very expensive if competitors want to bid on your brand name. You have the best experience, the best landing page when someone searches for your name. and that's why you're able to get clicks for a lot less than someone else would. All right, let's talk about the four main campaign types in Google Ads. First are search ads. These are the classic text ads that are triggered when someone searches on Google. But as I said, Google is moving away from strict keyword targeting to more intentbased targeting, layering in AIdriven matching like AI Max to decide when your ads actually appear. So, less control on your part, but potentially better results. At least that's what Google says. Second, let's talk about performance max, or Pmax for short. This is Google's most automated campaign type, and your advertisements can appear across Google's entire network. You input your creatives and your assets, and Google does its magic to try to get you more conversions. Next, let's talk about demand. This is Google's upper to midfunnel campaign type that tries to create and capture demand across a portion of Google's performance max placements. This is the closest thing to having social media advertisements in Google Ads. And candidly, it's not really a campaign type that I actively use except in a very specific case. And you can watch this video to learn more about that. All right. [music] Next, if you're in e-commerce, let's talk about the gold standard, which is shopping ads. You control shopping ads from a Google Merchant Center account and these are productbased ads that pulls directly from your feed or your e-commerce platform like Shopify. They are the backbone of Google Ads e-commerce showing your product image, your price and merchant information directly in the search results and in the shopping tab. Now let's take a second and talk about cost in Google Ads. Most of Google Ads is still in a pay-per-click model where you pay when someone clicks your advertisement. There are some impressionbased or view type options, but we're not going to get into that in this video. So, for short, you pay when someone interacts with your ad. Now, when it comes to bidding, you can still manually set your bid or maximize the number of clicks you get with a specific bid cap, but honestly, smart bidding has taken over and I would [music] say is the default in Google Ads. Smart bidding uses Google's machine learning to adjust your bids in real time. This is based on the likelihood that you would get a conversion from that click. Instead of setting a single bid for that person, Google is evaluating hundreds if not thousands of signals like the type of device that they're using, their location, the time of day, and Google's deciding in real time how to bid in that specific ad auction for you. The most common smart bidding option is maximize conversions where you can set a target cost per acquisition or a target return on ad spend for the system to try to hit. All right, but there is a big catch. Smart bidding only works if you have accurate conversion tracking in Google Ads. It is essential. If Google doesn't know what a good lead or a good sale is for you, the automation will just make you lose money faster. In other words, it would work against you instead of for you. So, in 2026, Google Ads isn't just about tricking the system. It's about giving Google the right signals, the right data, and the proper guardrails. So, Google Ads has changed drastically since I got started in 2010. So, make sure to like this video and subscribe to this channel to get weekly tips on how you can improve your overall digital marketing and drive better results in Google Ads. Thank you for watching this video. Until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisOstin [2 likes]: You've given me a pair of glasses that correct "platform blindness." I see the interface differently now.
  2. @ScottRedgate [1 likes]: ✅ PPC Cost-Cutting Cheatsheet: https://www.scottredgate.com/cheatsheet
  3. @rkhiscbiybzjCbs [1 likes]: This is the best explanation I've found so far, thank you!
  4. @dannyjanssen7378 [1 likes]: It's always the small channels that give the S-tier and no-nonsense content. Thank you for your service and may my business skyrocket this year
  5. @isaaclaughter: Thanks for the simplicity.  Thank you!
  6. @michael_olujobi: Another insightful training, @Scott. I watched the whole video and picked up a lot.
I’m currently building my path as a Google Ads specialist. I’ve completed multiple courses on Google’s platform and Udemy, and I’m now looking to gain hands-on experience.
If you ever consider bringing on an intern or trainee, I’d love the opportunity to contribute and learn under your guidance. 
Appreciate the value you shared here. Cheers.
  7. @stevie_el: Silly question, I got an email saying I need to set up my Google ads. Do I need to be a business? I'm not selling, telling, or teach anyone anything. Do I need to sign up  in Google ads?
  8. @Jamison-y5j: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  9. @MagdalenHensley-i3l: Thanks for sharing this
  10. @LucileEstrada: I’ll definitely try this
  11. @MathildaSantiago-j4z: I’ll definitely try this
  12. @ColleenDoyle-y4k: This really helped me a lot
  13. @JodyTimminp: Everything is clear and to the point.
  14. @edelmiracardenas8164: I live in the Bay Area and need someone to help me make a website and advertise my business google adds.
  15. @aayug_digital: Love u from India
  16. @olivialeeable: Hi Scott! Do you think it's worth running promax campaigns if budget is limited or just stick to search? We've seen a big slow down in our search campaigns.
  17. @TattooSpirits: Do you have any videos that discuss the gui of Google ads?
  18. @RufGalo: Very nice tutorial
  19. @elnick1000: I am on my phone using a certain site, and these adds pop up without me being able to block them out. I really hate these adds.
  20. @jessicalynn4415: Thank you so much, just launched my CPA business and this is very helpful before I drop $$. I took notes haha.

- Meta Andromeda Update : What Small Businesses Actually Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads have felt broken lately, like the algorithm is working against you, your costs are up, and your campaigns that used to work just don't anymore, you are not going crazy. Meta made a massive change to how their ad system works, and almost nobody is talking about the fact that all the best practices you're hearing [music] are designed for businesses spending 50,000 or more a month, not 2,000. I'm going to break down exactly what changed, why the standard advice will actually hurt your results if you're a small business, and give you the framework that actually works when you don't have an unlimited ads budget. So, let's start with what Andromeda actually is. Meta completely rebuilt their ad delivery system. [music] This is the AI that decides which ads get shown to which people. They rolled it out globally by October 2025, and it's a fundamental change to how [music] the entire platform works. Here's the difference in simple terms. With the old system, [music] you told Meta who to target, age, interest, location, and they showed your ad to those people. The new system, Meta's AI, [music] analyzes millions of behavior signals and matches different people with different creative variations. Instead of asking who should see this ad, it asks which ad should this [music] person see. And this is powerful. The system can now handle 10,000 times more creative variations than [music] before. It's like going from a shotgun approach to a sniper rifle where every person sees the specific angle and format [music] that's most likely to convert them. Now, that sounds amazing, right? And it is. If you have the budget and data to feed [music] it properly, which brings me to the problem. Every article, every video, every expert is telling you the same thing post Andromeda. Use broad targeting. Let CBO allocate your budget. Run 10 to 20 creative variations. Trust the algorithm completely. And here's the dirty secret nobody's saying. Meta's AI thrives on data. Lots of data. If you're an enterprise advertiser spending 50,000 a month or more with 500 conversions a week, this advice is gold. The algorithm has so much data, it knows exactly what to optimize for. But if you're spending $1 to $5,000 a month, which is most small businesses, and you're getting 10 to 50 conversions per week, following this advice creates a massive problem when you use CBO or campaign budget optimization with limited data. Here's what happens. [music] The algorithm looks at early signals like clicks, engagement, video views, and decides which ads to feed budget to. But here's the problem. Engagement doesn't equal conversions. So you end up with 80% of your budget going to the two ads that got the most clicks in the first 24 hours. [music] And your other ads, they're getting $1 to $5 per day. Not enough to ever prove themselves. You just wasted a week of budgeting testing ads that never had a fair shot. And you wasted the time that you spent actually creating those ads in the first place. Here's the math that nobody talks about. If you put three ads in one ad set with a $20 daily budget, even if it splits it equally, which it won't, each ad gets $6 to $7 per day. In reality, one gets 12 to 14 and another gets 5 to6 and the third maybe gets 2 to three. If your cost per lead is $20 to $50, that star bad might not generate a single conversion all [music] week. So, here's what actually works. We're going to give Andromeda what it wants, but keep the control we need to make smart decisions with limited budget. [music] The framework is three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing. Now, let me break that down. Andromeda does work better with broader audiences. [music] So, stop doing hypersp specific interest stacking. The AI needs room to find patterns and match your creative to micro segments. [music] Your targeting should be location if that applies to you, basic demographics and exclusions, [music] maybe some interest suggestions. That's it. Let the creative do the segmenting, not your interest [music] targeting. Now, the second principle, we need one ad per adset during testing. Here's where I completely diverge from the standard advice. During testing, you [music] give each creative angle its own ads set with full budget. [music] No sharing, no algorithmic favorites. The structure, one angle equals one adset equals one ad. [music] Each adset gets equal daily budget. Every creative gets the full budget to prove itself. Now, let me give you an example. Say you have $1,500 a month to test. That's $50 a day. You're testing three angles. [music] That's $15 to $17 per day per ad set. But here's the difference. Each ad gets the full $15 to $17, not 5 to 7 or 2 to three. That's enough to exit the learning phase and generate real conversion data, not just algorithmic predictions. Run this for a handful of days. And if an angle fails, you know it failed [music] at a decent spending level, not because it got $3 per day while the algorithm played [music] favorites. Now, principle three, the angles matter more than the format variations. Now, Andromeda wants creative diversity, but it doesn't want 20 variations of the same hook with different background colors. It wants fundamentally different approaches. What counts as a different angle? Maybe you're focused on different pain points like efficiency versus cost savings versus quality. We need different awareness levels like problem aare versus solution [music] aware. We need different emotional drivers like fear versus aspiration versus urgency. We need different buyer personas. Now, let me give you a concrete example for a marketing automation service. [music] Angle number one would be problem agitation. Tired of manually following up with every lead? Here's how businesses like yours are automating 90% of their follow-up. [music] Angle number two could be results or social proof. We helped ABC company add 47,000 in revenue without adding staff. [music] Here's the exact system we built. Angle number three could be education and authority. Most marketing automation fails because of these [music] three mistakes. Here's how to avoid them. See how each of these speaks to a different customer mindset? That's what Andromeda is looking for. Now, for each angle, pick the format that best expresses that message. You're not testing formats yet. You're testing which core message resonates. video. These are best for angles needing personality or explanation, 30 to 60 seconds, and definitely add captions. Static images are best for angles with a strong visual hook or a shocking stat. You can add Canva templates with a text overlay or just do straight up text on a [music] colored background. Carousels are best for angles showing a process or multiple proof points. 3 to 10 different images with text or a [music] different visual. So, you're looking at 30 to 45 minutes per ad. That's 90 minutes to two hours to build your entire testing campaign. Way more manageable than trying to create [music] 10 to 20 different ads. Okay, so you've got your three angles running, one ad each, equal budget. Well, what's the timeline? Days 1 to three, this is the learning phase. You really don't want to touch [music] anything. Let the algorithm gather the data. On days four and five, you want to monitor the performance. If [music] one angle is clearly bombing, such as 50% worse than your target CPA with no conversions, you can kill it early and reallocate that budget. [music] Day 6 through 7, you do a full evaluation. You're looking at cost per conversion, return on ad spend, conversion [music] rate, not just click-through rate, not just engagement, actual business outcomes [music] that matter to you. Now, your decision framework, you're going to kill any angle performing 50% worse than your target cost per acquisition. [music] You're going to reallocate that budget to the winners. Now, for winning angles, now we want to test different formats. It's going to be the same process, but new ad sets. If you started with a static image, now you're going to test a video and a carousel with that same angle. Once you have a winning angle plus format combination, then consider CBO for scaling. That's [music] the key. Find the angle first, then optimize the format, then scale with CBO, not all at once. Now, one more [music] thing, your creative refresh. Andromeda does not eliminate ad fatigue. It just changes the timeline. Your refresh cycle. [music] You're looking at weeks 1 to two for initial testing of three angles. Week three, [music] kill worst performers. Introduce new angles to test. Week four to five, let the winners run. Test a replacement. Week six, [music] test your format variations on proven winning angles. This creates a continuous cycle where you always have one to two proven angles running while introducing new concepts every few weeks. Look, Andromeda is real and it's changed [music] meta ads forever. But the winning strategy isn't blind trust in algorithm. It's intelligent adaptation. Give Andromeda what it wants. Broad targeting and diverse creative angles, but keep what you need. Budget control during testing to protect your ad spend and generate valid data. Three angles, one ad each, equal budget testing for 5 to 7 days. That's manageable for small businesses [music] and effective for finding winners. The advertisers winning post Andromeda aren't following Meta's recommendations blindly. They're the ones who understand the system well enough to adapt intelligently [music] while protecting their business outcomes. If you want help implementing this framework or [music] learning the complete system for marketing automation, creative automation, and meta ads that works for small businesses, check out my link [music] in the description and schedule a call to see if we can help. We're building sustainable testing systems and scaling what works [music] for businesses of all different sizes and all different industries. Now, drop a comment if [music] you've got questions about this strategy and I'll jump in to help. And if this was valuable, share it with another business owner who's been struggling with their meta ads lately. I'll see you on the next one. [cheering]

  Top Comments:
  1. @janalgos [2 likes]: if you're running one ad per angle, how do you know if it was the angle itself that failed or the ad creative that failed?
  2. @jurgitabukauskaite6704: Great content!
For a small business with a limited budget of €20 per day, would it be reasonable to launch one campaign with three ad sets and allocate around €7 per ad set during the testing phase?
Is testing with such a small budget likely to generate reliable results?
  3. @Washwizard2019: Truth be told FB Ads don't work for small businesses anymore period. I stopped doing FB ads after October 2025, because the writing was on the wall. They don't care about businesses spending less then $10,000 per month because the truth is the only thing that still works is putting a insane amount of ads up every week and what small business owner has that kind of time or money. Face it people FB ADs are dead for the small business because they don't care about you at all. FB needed to push out the smaller advertisers millions of ad creatives because it was coking up their money machine. I don't care what way you do your ad campaign or what structure you use CBO, ABO, it will not work long term  you will find your ads will preform so so for 2 to 5 days and tank every time. I used to get 3 weeks out of my ads and 10 times my ROAS  now at best 2 times for a lot of time spent in r and d on ad creatives.  NOT WORTH IT, but all of us have to come to that realization on their own. Hopefully it changes in the future. Best of luck to all
  4. @Akky_nl: How do you test of an ad is a good necessary team player, but its main purpose is not to be the top scorer? You need to have that ad in a team set up somehow.
  5. @Rockyhandyy: Hi from pakistan
  6. @nextleveldigtal: Always good content Allie. Appreciate it. - Sean
  7. @Refined.Claymore: this was the best video by far of post-andromeda strategy for smaller businesses… you are the GOAT
  8. @jnpilot: What if ad sets are divided by region and other factors to ensure budget is delivered as designated to each area instead of solely in big cities? Would you have to make separate campaigns for every region or audience?

- Meta Andromeda Campaign Results 🔥 | Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hello guys, in last video I showed you that how you can run campaign according to the meta androme meta and I ran this campaign for a desert safari business. So now I will show you the result after 3 months. So here you can see we spend 8,536 theum and we got 926 messages and this shows that we got very good result because we ran this campaign for a long period. So we got the average cost per message is 9.92. And now I will show you my adset and ads. So here you will see our adset. I click on edit. Here you can see business everything my targeting languages and everything is here. Let me show you the suggestions. I only put broad radius and I show you my ads like this one was add one, add two, add three, add four, add five. And let me show you the performance of these ads. Like this ad didn't perform good. Like we spent around 91 dirhams on that. I show you the another one. We spent 52 dirhams. Uh we spent most of the money on this side. Let me show you that why it spend a lot of money on that. Here I came here. So in add you can see I have the add related media in this. So that's why it's performing really good like I just click here edit as you can see here in this ad there were ad versions. So that's why we just got huge number of result from this campaign. This was our one of the successful campaign after meta and meta update. So I hope you like this setup and if you want to learn meta andromeda and meta ads please let me know and I will make a complete course on it. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SyedJafarAbbas-n7k: Brother in ad 3 you uploaded 8 different creatives while the same creatives were in the 6 different ads 
like you let meta choose which creative to advertise ?

- Achei o MELHOR TESTE de CRIATIVOS no novo Meta Ads Andrômeda (ROI em 4h): Kind: captions Language: en I discovered a way to test creatives in Metaeds Andromeda, which is putting Roy in my pocket very quickly. In less than 24 hours you'll already have results from your campaign tests, allowing you to scale. Then I'll show you in practice how I 'm achieving these results here. In this campaign, we've basically been running it for three days, right? This is a campaign where we're testing the product before we start testing the scale. We've already had 13 sales up here . And seven down here. And then we can come here to the very end so we can understand the return on investment. If we look at this first example, we've invested R$132 so far and received R$345 back, a ROAS of 17%. This one below here, we invested R$ 87 and got back R$ 1,200, a ROA of 14%. Basically, to get to this point, I had to create a simple structure in my Metaedads, but what you need to learn here is very important for your operation. If you understand what I'm about to show you, your results will change completely. This campaign is basically for selling digital products, you know. We're running this campaign to sell courses. In these courses, I don't appear in the videos, so this is a good opportunity for anyone who wants to create products without showing their face. This is the moment, now. Metaeds Andromeda left a great opportunity for us. But there are some details that nobody is telling you here on the internet. I don't see anyone talking about this, except within closed training sessions. In my case, for example, I talk about this a lot with my students. Come here with me so I can help you design a structure that you need to test starting now to get much better results. So basically, here 's the thing, okay? What are people doing these days? They are running a campaign. So here we have a campaign. In this campaign, they are putting out an open set. And in this open space, they're bringing together various creatives, okay? Then she comes here and brings in several creatives. These creative people here usually have several different angles, right? So, this one here, for example, could be a UGC (User-Generated Content), this one here could be a testimonial, this one here could be, for example, a video review, this one here could be a bottom-of-funnel image, right, to convince the person to swipe their card directly. I can make another video here to raise awareness of the product. So, we can have several tests of this format in a single set. What happens when you test it this way, right? I even see several people here saying things like: "Oh, it's not worth testing creative anymore. Stop testing creative, creative testing doesn't work." And the truth is, it only works if you do it the right way, right? Metaads has changed, and if you don't understand the change, you can no longer test creative content the old way. To test your creativity from now on, what do you need to do? First thing, of course, is to subscribe to this channel. So, subscribe to the channel now and I'll share with you the method I've been testing and achieving a very fast ROI in my campaigns. Basically, I'm creating a campaign, okay? For this campaign, I'm setting the budget at the campaign level. So the money is staying here in the campaign. So here I am creating three sets, okay? So, I'm going to have set one, I'm going to have set two, and I'm going to have set three. And before you say, "Ah, but there's no point in creating sets anymore, only one set works now." Don't worry, I 'll show you in this video that you can actually test with more sets until you find the champion you need to invest real money in and scale your campaigns. For each of these sets here, we're going to test different angles. So, in set one here, I can test multiple videos and carousels with the same angle. So, let's imagine that all these creative people here, they talk about how durable the product is, right? So, imagine that I'm selling a physical product. So, in these creative examples here, I talk about how durable the product is. But here I'm talking about how durable the product is with UGC. Here I talk about how durable the product is in a long video. Here I talk about how durable the product is with the carousel. And here I use an image to show that the product is durable. Here I'm using a video review to show that the product is durable, right? So all these creative people here, they all follow the same path. To prove that our product is durable. They will all be housed within a single unit. In this other set here, what are we going to do? Basically, we're going to have creative people here now saying that this is a top-selling product, right? So here I'll have a UGC (User-Generated Content) saying that the person has already bought this product for the fifth time and loves it. I'll have another video here showing another 100,000 sales, for example. I'll have several creatives here showing that this product is a top seller, that everyone likes it, that it's a trendy product , so to speak. Now, in this third set here, what am I going to do? I'm going to have creative moments here where I show people that this product offers great value for money, it has many good features, and it will help them in their daily lives. So all these creatives that I'm going to mention here, they all have the same perspective, meaning they say the same thing. So what will happen when I do it this way ? Sales start on the same day. This is an out-of-this- world deal, and I can prove it to you. For example, I'm doing a test like this on this set here. I put this setup into operation today. This is a product that we're also testing, right? So, if I come here on Wednesday, for example, you can see that two sales have already been made, right? Our cost per purchase is around R$18, which is a very good cost considering the value of this product. If I came here yesterday, you could see that I didn't have a single sale of this product. And here inside, you know, I'm not going to show you the structure because otherwise I'll reveal which angles I'm working with, but basically I'm working here on a campaign with four sets and three creatives in each set, each creative being different. So here I have four different angles that I'm working with. It's quite likely that more sales will happen later today. The thing is, I launched this campaign around 2 PM, right? I'm recording the video now at 7 PM. So, this is a format that's working really well for me as a test, and I'm getting results very quickly, results that give me a very fast ROI, right? So it's very important for you to understand ways to test so you can get a ROY very quickly, just like I'm getting here, right? So, when you use this structure here, you increase your chances of selling very quickly, and that's the method I'm testing right now, okay? So, I've been doing tests with angle variables. So, I create several sets. In each set I include a different angle; I don't mix all the angles together. And then I test it this way. After I've tested it this way, what do I do next? Okay? Then I'll have our championship campaigns in other accounts . Which campaigns were champions? These are the kinds of campaigns I have, like this: I'm going to have a campaign here, an open set, okay? So here the set is open and here I'm going to have several creatives, so all these creatives here are champion creatives. So here I can have all the champion creatives together in a single campaign. But there's a very important detail that I want to reveal to you here, okay? I've noticed that if I take, for example, more than five winning creatives and put them into a single campaign, only three sell. So, what have I been doing, right? I have included four creative champions here for each campaign. That way I can get multiple campaigns selling at the same time, right? I see a lot of people saying things like, "Oh, it's not worth having a bunch of campaigns anymore." That's complete nonsense. That. It definitely pays to have a lot of campaigns. I have accounts here that aren't test accounts, which I'm not going to show you in this video, but I basically have eight or nine campaigns running at the same time. Each campaign has four creatives, all champions, which I test on various accounts and then move to this master account, so to speak, where all my champion creatives that I 'm selling every day are stored. If you want to learn from me how to create ads the right way to put a lot of money in your pocket, I invite you to check out Expert Ads. It's a complete mess in there. I'll teach you the basics, the advanced techniques, everything you need to really make money with the updated Metaedads. So click on the link below, it's the link to the Expert so you can meet him and join my complete course now, okay? Warm regards, see you in the next lessons here on the channel. Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @junior.digitalize [2 likes]: Filipe você sabe como resolver um problema com a Advantage+ que é usa-la para negócios locais e ela trazer muitos leads de outros ddds pro whats? mesmo tendo limitado a cidade que queremos como publico?
  2. @MrMoreira [1 likes]: eu estou com orçamento limitado, estou começando agora mas com pouco dinheiro R$20/dia
  3. @eurayss6133 [1 likes]: Vc poderia ensinar como fazer criativo  na PRÁTICA
  4. @FilipeDetrey: PARTICIPE DA MENTORIA (enquanto ainda está aberta!):

👉  https://bit.ly/lowticket2026
(100% Atualizado | Estratégias Validadas | Método Copia e Cola)

Comece 2026 vendendo muito!!

At. Filipe Detrey
  5. @Tavaresgato13: Amigo, Roas é receita sobre gasto. Então não é 17%, é 17x (ou 1700%).
  6. @Gabriellopes-op2rc: Haja dinheiro pra testar isso tudo kkkkkk
  7. @suelenportughesi4939: Quando testo criativos e eles dão certo posso jogar dentro de uma campanha que já tem anúncios rodando que dão certo? Ou crio uma campanha nova com os que foram validados?
  8. @juliocesarmachado6056: Tem usado criativo flexível amigo? Deu bom?
  9. @WallasyRodrigues: voce cria 3 conjuntos com as mesmas configuracoes? ou muda algo no conjunto? vc deixa ele todo aberto, sem regra sem nada, sem interesse, e so duplica o conjunto, mas muda os criativos dos conjuntos?
  10. @jnsantos145: Felipe, voce acha que isso tambem é a melhor estrategia pra quem roda funil de vsl. nutraceuticos EUA
  11. @SileneCaceres: Boa tarde Filipe, oque faço com a campanha teste ? Ela é pausada ? Sou sua Aluna!
  12. @euoficial3604: Nao vai abrir a estrutura pra nao mostra produto kkkkkkkk 
Tá nisso até hoje irmão 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 brinca n kkkkkkkkkkkkkk
  13. @monique1767: Felipe, não entendi bem a parte da campanha com criativos campeões. Eu crio outra campanha e nela adiciono os vídeos e anúncios campeões do "zero" sem dados nem nada da campanha teste?
  14. @amandaclara3530: Felipe, faz um vídeo de como subir campanhas para quem trabalha com identidade visual. 🙏🏻
  15. @Marcos_Ernando: Filipe, bom dia! Grande vídeo!!! Top mesmo…. Mas deixa eu te falar, um ROAS “continuo” de  17x acima, é utopia né? A minha média não passa de 4X.
  16. @wandersontaylon: Pra esse tanto de conjuntos/criativos, qual orçamento diário?
  17. @JoseMartinsFontes: Filipe! Grava um Vídeo Ensinando como Fazer Uma Campanha para Produtos da LOGZZ com Pagamento na Entrega, Por Favor meu Amigo, Desde Já Muito Obrigado Pelos Vídeos e Seus Ensinamentos.
  18. @techpowerpump: No meu caso, que trabalho com um produto digital e tenho orçamento limitado a R$ 80,00/dia, acha que vale à pena anunciar nesse modelo?
Bom, é que no meu pensamento, se eu utilizar mais de 3 anúncios dentro de uma campanha é provável que meu orçamento não me entregue resultado.

- Meta Ads Campaign Structure + Targeting in 2026 (Andromeda Update Explained!): Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed drastically in 2025. Meta has announced the Andromeda update. And in this video, I'm going to show you exactly what kind of campaign structure you need to use to become successful. And I'm also going to show you how targeting works in 2025. So, this is going to be a crucial video if you want to crush meta ads in 2025. So, grab a cup of coffee, make sure you subscribe, and now, let's get started. Hey, what's going on everybody? Welcome back to the channel. In case you're new here, welcome. I'm super excited to have you. My name is Julian. I'm an entrepreneur and a content creator and I'll say marketer. And in this video, I'm going to show you how you can run ads in 2025 with Meta because I hear this so often that Meta ads are dead and it's not working anymore. And to be honest, like this could not be further from the truth. Like as of recording of this video on the 10th of November in 2025, by the way, um our ads are crushing it and they are working better than ever before. So, um, it's actually not true at all that it's not working, but things have changed. Like how you ran ads, I don't know, like three, four, five months ago. This is not how you do it today. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how it works. And the good part is it's actually a lot easier compared to how it was in the past. But, let's kick things off. So, I'm here inside of a, you know, inside of a sample ad account. So, that's also why there is nothing here inside. Um, and let's get started with creating a campaign. Um, when it comes to the campaign objective, what kind of campaign objective should you use? In my opinion, for like 99% of all of you guys, it should be either a sales campaign or a leads campaign. Um, if you want to run awareness traffic or engagement campaigns, what you're going to do is you're going to get a lot like a big reach. You're going to get lots of likes and interactions, but it's not going to translate into any sales and into revenue at the end of the day. So, that's not what we want. leads is going to be really good if you are, I don't know, if you're running a local business and you want to collect um information like contact information of potential clients that you then call later on or in case you want to have like a very simple book a call funnel. That's when you're going to do a lead form or like leads as a campaign objective. But in like every other scenario, sales is going to be the way to go. So just click on continue here inside of the inside of the ad uh inside of the campaign level, excuse me. Basically the only question that we should talk about is campaign or adset budget and in my opinion it depends a little bit for the campaign that we are setting up right now which is going to be a sting campaign. Um the way and how I like to test is through adset budget. So that way I have more control and that way I can test on what I want to test whether it's different geographical regions whether it's different creatives I just have a lot more control. I do like to have this toggle on where I I still want to give Meta more control because the AI is just so damn good already that I I I actually trust it more compared to how it was in the past. But um when it comes to the testing campaign, um this should just be a adset budget optimization. Um ideally you will also have your audience segmented. So, what you can do here is you can just click here on this audience segment reporting and then you can upload a CSV file of people that are engaged of like people that were on your sales page, people that went to your checkout, people that showed some kind of an interest, people that are a lead for you. And then you can also upload a list of existing customers, which is basically just a paying member list. And again, also just a very simple CSV file. Again, since this is just a sample ad account, I don't have this set up right now, but this is something that you're always doing. And this is one of the key changes with Andromeda is that you're not segmenting cold audience and warm audience. So you're not using like your your basic top of funnel, middle, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel campaigns. We're just combining all of this because Meta just knows better what's going to perform best. So yeah, that's everything that we do here. And then let's talk about the adset. Um yeah, the adset and the targeting itself. Naming convention is going to be crucially important. It's not going to be super important for this video, but the way on and how I like to use it is just um have uh the year, then the month, and then the day, and then it's like, I don't know, like a USA, I don't know, interest campaign, something like this. And I also like to have the naming here. Um the reason for that is um I want to be able to filter it fast. So, I do not want to waste like tons of time to figure out like, okay, what has this campaign actually been when I'm doing my data analysis. So with one glance I need to see like okay when did I start this who like where am I targeting geographically is it a lookalike is it open targeting is it whatever in this case it's going to be an interest base and then also the age that's basically all I need and then I'm good to go from here on when it comes to the conversion um side of things my conversion like destiny is always the um is always my website I always want to maximize the number of conversion um you need to have a pixel setup uh again this would be way too much to cover in this video. By the way, um in case all of this is too fast for you and you want to have this broken down into bitsized pieces and you also want to have a community to go alongside with a training program, make sure you check out the first link down below that like button. We do have an awesome master class called AI meta ads accelerator where we are going to show you how you can use the power of AI on one side and how you can combine this and use this to run successful meta ads. It's an absolute epic master class. I think we have something like 50 tutorials inside and again a community alongside with it where I'm going to show you everything that I'm showing you also here but in like 10 times more detail and also everything else like how you can set up how you can um set up your tracking, how you can create creatives, um how like all of this we also give you custom AI tools. Um again check out the link down below. It will be the first link below that like button. But yeah, the way and how I came to this was you need to have a pixel setup and you also need to set up a custom conversion. And in this case for me it's going to be a purchase. If you're collecting leads, if you're trying to collect phone numbers, whatever, um then this might be complete registration. But usually, and also the way and what we found is uh it's just going to be uh it's just going to be purchase. That's how you can get the best quality leads. If we scroll further down, um we could create custom rules. That's all going to be um way too much for now. When it comes to the budget, um again, it depends a little bit on the type of product that you're selling. It also depends a little bit on your target market. like are you selling something locally? Is it going to be only relevant to where you live plus 10 km or are you selling worldwide? Um I would say something like the minimum budget would be um not 50 but actually €5 per day for one adset and like maybe one or maximum two ads. But in this case I'm just going to get started with let's say €10 per day. And this is going to give me like a very good starting point and then I can test um two creatives afterwards. So $10 per day. I do not like to set an end date for some reason. Like whenever we set an end date, the performance is just dropping and it's not performing as well compared to what it used to do. So we just leave that open. And that's when we're talking about the audience. And this is going to be crucially important and this is probably what you have been waiting for. So listen very closely. So in the past if I would have made this video let's say 5 months ago I always told our students that um go to further limit the reach of your ads and make sure that you nail down and narrow down the audience as detailed as somehow possible. Um this is how you used to advertise but again with the Andromeda update this is no longer how it's actually done. So we actually stay in this advantage plus targeting area. What you can see here at the top these controls here at the top these are hard boundaries. So you can click on more controls and for example if we go in here and I I named this um USA. So I'm just going to type in United States. And now it's only going to target people in the United States. Sometimes it might happen that you know also someone in Canada or in I don't know Mexico or something is also going to see this. But this is going to be very rarely and this is a hard boundary. So it's only going to be people in the US. Same thing also applies for the minimum age. So, in case I don't know, I'm selling something that's only relevant to people that are like a certain age, then we can set up the minimum age to 25 is the maximum that we can set here. But usually these days, we just leave it open. And then we could also exclude people. So, in case I don't know, I have a list of paying members, what I told you before. In case I absolutely do not want them to also see the ad that I'm running, then I can just create a custom audience over here in the audience area and then I could exclude them. That's how it works. Super easy. And then also in case I don't know like if you're targeting people I don't know in in in Switzerland where some people are talking French others are talking English other are talking I don't know German then you could just say like I only want to target people that are talking in German I don't know like in the US it's not going to make a lot of sense and you can also see that the target audience is really small just to show you this is what you could do and then below here when you click on here you can see we are suggesting an audience so in the past what we did very often is we were testing like one simple detail targeting. So for example, if we go here to detail targeting and we type in like film making something like this um then I would go to yeah interest in film making and then I would test this and then I would just duplicate everything and then I would have I don't know like one that would be I don't know movie making or DSLR or something like this and this is how it used to work. But what you can see here is like meta is actually telling us that this is just a suggestion. Um, so no matter what we put in here, the algorithm and the AI of meta is still going to do its thing. So the way and how I like to do this is I like to keep this very broad these days. It's like I'm not narrowing it down like it used to be of like I don't know I only want to target people that are 18 to 33 or like something really specific like this and only people that are interested in this in this and in that. these days what I'm doing for example if we're targeting people for our avatar for our AI avatar course then I'm just saying I don't know like something that are people that are interested in social media marketing for example social media marketing and then people that are interested in digital marketing and maybe one more like content marketing something like this and then you can see we have a ginormous target audience because we're targeting the entire UK uh US excuse me and in the past we always told our students like you need to be like below Ow 10 million these days. It's like I keep it as broad as it is and that's going to be fine. If you have your tracking set up properly, if you have a good offer and if you have good creatives, this is going to conf convert awesomely. Um placements, we just leave it as it is. Like we keep it standardly. We're also targeting or we're also advertising on threads. And this is basically how we're um how we're setting up our um targeting these days. Then it's all about the creatives. And again, this would be way too much to cover for this video. Um, again, in case you want to learn this, check out the AI meta ads accelerator. But this is how how we set up testing campaigns. And then, for example, I would have um not only one ad here, but I would maybe have something like two ads in here. And this would be add one with hook one. And then this would be add one with hook two. Something like this. And then I would maybe have, I don't know, two, three, four different options depending on the budget that I have here. Again, with $10, I would say like at least five euros or five dollars per ad that you have um just as a rule of thumb. It's not like something that you have written in stone, but that's like just a rule of thumb, a guideline for you. And that's how you can get started with your testing campaign. And then, for example, if you wanted to also target different, you know, types of regions on the on the earth, you could just duplicate this entire adset here, original campaign. And then for example what we could do is we could just instead of USA we could just target the UK or Europe in general something like this. Then of course we would go down here and change the actual location. And then we would let this run for let's say 5 days or something like this. Again this is going to depend on your budget. But um considering we have $10 per day. Um I would say like at least 5 to 7 days is the time range that I would give this ads to actually deliver result. Especially if you are starting out and and you have not ran lots of ads before, I would maybe even give it a little more ads unless it's like super super bad, then cut them off earlier. So this is our testing campaign and then after a couple of days once we figured that okay, I don't know the US is performing a lot better and especially I don't know hook one is performing extremely well. That's when we're going to come over here not only to our testing campaign but we're going to create a new campaign and this is going to be a scaling campaign. And inside of this scaling campaign, there's only going to be those ads that are absolutely crushing it. So, those ads that have a a high click-through ratio, a low cost per click, and a high, you know, like a high conversion rate overall and a low cost per acquisition. And that's what we're going to do here. Again, we would have um basic more or less the same adset as we had before, the same ad as before, and then we would just crank up the budget a lot. Um that's going to be like just a quick overview over how meta ads work these days. Of course, like we cannot cover absolutely everything in this video because then it would be like 3 hours long. Again, in case you are interested in this, in case you want to have a community where you can also ask your questions, share your work and get feedback from myself and from the entire team and make sure you check out the AI metadata ads accelerator. We also have eight proprietary um AI tools that is trained with everything that we know that's trained with our frameworks that we're using for ad copy, for ad scripting, for everything. also when it comes to checking your offer, building your funnel, everything. Um, it's absolutely awesome and we also have a money back guarantee, so you might as well just give it a shot. But thank you so much for watching. I really hope this gave you a good overview and I'll see you inside the accelerator.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jeremykatzlongdrive [1 likes]: What's the max number of interests/demographics you'd suggest using for one ad set now? Does it matter?
  2. @trackingconsulting: Excellent breakdown of the Andromeda update. One thing most advertisers still overlook is conversion tracking accuracy. Without clean event tracking and proper deduplication, Meta’s AI cannot optimize correctly. Campaign structure matters, but tracking infrastructure decides profitability. If anyone here is struggling with inconsistent ROAS, it’s usually a data problem, not a targeting problem.

- Instagram Followers EXPLODE With This Meta Ads Trick: Kind: captions Language: en Did you know that if you are using Meta's ad platform to send traffic to Spotify, Apple Music, Dieser, YouTube, really anywhere, it doesn't even have to be music platforms, you can take all of those people that you sort of pull into your funnel with your ads and you can retarget them to get them to follow you on Instagram so you have their attention built in for the long term. Let me show you how to do it. So, starting in Meta's ad platform, we are going to jump off in the audience manager. Now, you can see I already have a few audiences built in here. The ones I'm going to teach you how to build are this Instagram 365 audience and this followers IG Instagram audience. So to build each of these, we're going to go to the top left and click create audience. We're going to go to custom audience. Under meta sources here, we are going to select Instagram account and go next. So odds are you probably only have one Instagram account in your business portfolio. If you have more than one, then make sure you have your account selected. And then you're going to keep this drop down the same. Everyone who engaged with this professional account. And you're going to keep the audience retention period to 365 days, which is the last year. And then we're going to give this audience a name. We're going to call it something like Instagram, if I can spell Instagram 365. This is just a little heads-up display that tells me exactly what's in the audience without me having to dig into the details. And after that, you'll click create audience. Okay. So now you have this Instagram 365 audience, and it will populate. Once you've done that, we're going to create a follower audience. So, we're going to go to the blue create audience button again and select custom audience. And then we're going to go to meta sources again and we're going to go to Instagram account again and we're going to select next. So once again we have our Instagram account selected from the top drop down here. But then we want to go to the event dropdown and change this to the first option account center accounts who started following this professional account. And then we're going to name this. Give it the same name that I used before. Followers IG. Again, this just lets me know what's in it. And after that, we'll select create audience. Okay. So, now we have these two audiences. Instagram 365, everybody who has engaged with my Instagram content over the past 365 days, including every single ad I've run. So, I don't have to create an audience that dumps all of these videos into um an audience and then have to keep filling it with videos. and every time I add a video, I update it and stuff like that. You can do that, but you don't have to do that. That's really good for like a very, very specific use case, but I'm trying to catch everybody. So, this includes all those people. And then we have followers, IG, everyone who currently follows me. If they uh decide to unfollow, they'll be automatically removed. Okay, so now we have these two audiences. Let me show you how to use them. Okay, to use these audiences, we're going to create an Instagram follower campaign. That's the goal here. So, we're going to go to that green create button, and then we are going to select our campaign type. Now, of these six campaign types, the one we're looking for is traffic. And under traffic, you can see it has Instagram profile visits listed as one of the options. That's what we're looking for. So, once we've done that, we'll click continue. Now, I like to use the manual campaign option. So, I'm going to select that and go continue again. Now, I'm not going to walk you through every single detail of this campaign. The biggest thing we want to look at is how to structure our audience targeting at the adset level. So, here at the campaign level, I'm just going to leave the name the same. I'm going to turn on advantage campaign budget because that is how I like to run my campaigns. And then I'm going to go next. I'm just going to leave the budget the same. And here at the adset level, we're going to leave the uh adset name the same. And then I'm going to change this conversion location here to Instagram or Facebook. Send traffic to an Instagram profile, Facebook page, or both. So here under performance goal, I want to maximize the number of Instagram profile visits. Now you can see I can select one or both here. So, I could theoretically select both my Instagram profile and my Facebook page. And maybe we'll cover that in a different video where we create audiences for Facebook, too. But for this time around, we're just going to select our Instagram profile because that's where I want to send my traffic. So, we're going to scroll down. I'm going to leave the start date where it is, and I'm going to come to audience controls. Now, this is one of those instances where you can test the advantage plus audience thing, and it will potentially work quite well, but I like to have a little bit more control over my campaign. And so I'm going to stick with this original audience option so that I can dial in the details and set sort of tighter parameters for my campaign. So here we're going to keep the location the same in the United States. I know that my um audience tends to be 18 to uh about 44 on social platforms. It's 18 to 34 on Spotify, but I want to expand that out just a little bit. So now I've got the age set. And here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go to custom audiences. I'm going to type in Instagram 365. I'm going to select this audience. So now I'm retargeting all of these people who have engaged with my content. And then I'm going to add an exclusion and I'm going to type in followers and I'm going to select this IG audience. So now I have a setup that allows me to retarget everybody who has engaged with my Instagram content within the last year. But I am ignoring those people who already follow me. I'm trying to get followers here. I don't want to run ads to people who already follow me to get them to follow me. That makes no sense. That would be a huge waste of money. And honestly, because those people follow me, the ad platform is probably going to start with them when it when it comes to showing the ads to anybody. So, by default, I want to remove those people off of the table of options so that we're only looking at people who know I exist but have not chosen to follow me. And then to take advantage of Meta's ad platform a little bit, I'm going to leave this advantage custom audience box checked. This says, "Reach people beyond your custom audience when it's likely to improve performance." So, I'm going to rely on the ad platform's knowledge about the entire platform's user base here and hopefully get better results as a result. I didn't really plan that sentence very well. This is sort of like a microcosm of what you can do inside of the uh advantage plus audience option. So, it's going to look outside of your age range. It's going to look outside of any genders. Like if you're just trying to get women to follow you or men to follow you, uh if you do any of that inside of the advantage uh plus audience, it's going to look outside of everything. This allows me to stipulate the age and then sort of look outside of my custom audiences only. So I get a little bit more granular control, which is something that I like. Now, from here, the last thing we want to look at is placements. So I'm going to go down to advantage plus placements, and I'm going to select edit, and I'm going to go to manual placements. I want these ads to show on Instagram because I want people to go to my profile on Instagram because I want them to follow me on Instagram. So, I want to remove all of the other options that I don't want to use. So, I'm going to come down here and deselect Facebook and then I'm going to leave on probably Instagram feed. Um, and then Instagram explore, Instagram stories, Instagram reels. I'm going to turn off profile reels and then I will keep on search results. So, I like that. Now, the audience size when you first do this, because it's custom audiences, is probably going to scare you and say that nobody's going to see your ad. This says estimated audience size fewer than a thousand people. I think for a second ago, it said between a thousand and a couple thousand. It's going to fill up with people, especially if you have that advantage plus custom audience box checked. It's going to start small and then it's going to move outside of that to generate better results for you. So, don't be alarmed. This will populate over time and the number will increase over time, especially if you've been running ads before. As that audience sort of fills up once it fills up in the audience manager, that will get a lot more people in it and this will go a lot more broad and your results will be much better. Now that we've done that, we can go to the ad level. Now, here at the ad level, what I generally like to do is use existing content. So, I'm going to give you a small example of that. So, I'm going to go to under the ad setup, use existing post. And then I'm going to come down here and select a post. I have all of my Instagram posts here. I'm going to select just this one that I just recently posted. And then I'm going to leave the text as it is. I can add, you know, AI text here. I can add other text options. Like I can do this and say, uh, follow me on Instagram. Hooray. Really, this is your opportunity to sort of find your own voice and test things. Try things. See what works for you. You want to be personable and authentic. I can't tell you what to write here. You have to figure that out. And then after that, you make sure that your visit Instagram profile call to action is on here. And that's it. So now you have your ad set up. You can come through here and sort of uh peruse through the details of what the uh placements will look like once that's set up. But this is the nuts and bolts of the whole thing for how to set this up at the campaign adset and ad level. Okay, so there you go. super simple process for taking everybody who's engaged with your Instagram content, uh, including all the people that have seen your ads over the last year, and then retargeting them to get them to follow you on Instagram. This is a foolproof way. I've done this in my accounts. Uh, I've done this for a ton of artists and their accounts. Like, this works every time. You may have to uh tweak some things. Uh, especially the awareness level stuff. If you're not currently running ads and you're not generating a lot of top offunnel traffic either from ads or from just organic posting, then you definitely want to make sure you're reaching a lot of people to sort of fill the hopper with options, so to speak. So, if you're not running ads, maybe think about running some awareness ads or be running ads to Spotify and Apple Music and all that or uh just post a lot of really engaging great organic content and get people to follow you that way. So, if you have enough people that you're reaching on a daily basis, an annual basis, because that's the audience, then this will work. Uh, and this is something you can run in the background for a long time, and you can see those numbers grow on Instagram for your profile. Okay, so that's it for this one. If you enjoyed this video and you want to go deeper with ideas and topics just like this every single week, then I hope you'll subscribe to my newsletter, The One Thing. Every Tuesday, I send out one thing to help you succeed as an independent artist and content creator. So, if you do want to subscribe to that, I'll leave a link to do so in the description of this video. And as always, thank you for watching and I'll catch you on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @migueldias3435 [6 likes]: Bro but how do you have all these tutorials and have 4k followers on your profile?? And almost 0 likes on your posts? No hate here but I really want to know! Do you run ads on your private account?
  2. @drivenstudios3867 [4 likes]: Greetings - at the adset level, I’m not getting that Instagram profile visit option as a conversion location. I do see the “message destinations” but not the one underneath it that you selected - I did all the same steps prior
  3. @oslodesignlab [2 likes]: Love this, thank you!
  4. @undergroundaudiencesecrets [1 likes]: Very very very well done.
  5. @danaproducer [1 likes]: Yeah, Tom!  Great to see u, and thanks for this concise, value-packed vid, as always!  🙌
  6. @alexmurphynj [1 likes]: Nice to see you back Tom.
  7. @tomdupreeiii: Upgrade Your Marketing Mindset 👉🏻 https://tomdupreeiii.com 
Get 1:1 Help 👉🏻 https://consultations.tomdupreeiii.com 
Become a DuPree X Artist​ 👉🏻 https://dupreex.com
  8. @RyanTrotti: Hey Tom, great information, as always. Quick question...when you make the initial Instagram [365] audience, would it not make sense to immediately create a lookalike audience to also include in that campaign? Any pros or cons to that? Thanks.
  9. @angelframe7183: I think the advantage+ checkbox is gone. It's not appearing under my ad set.
  10. @maisch.matthias: He’s telling me that my post isn’t available for the formats I selected. Is this just a Meta error? Because it’s in the correct format (9:16).

Edit: It’s been resolved. He just told me that all errors have been fixed automatically. I’m leaving the comment up in case someone else has the same issue.
  11. @Rotachannel: Hey man thanks for this!!.. my problem is i dont have in subcampaign setting Instagram or Facebook.. but only Facebook
  12. @bluebookhard1576: Love the video. Some feedback:
That cracking record effect sounds quite irritating on over ear headphones. Sounds like my headphones are breaking. 

Please keep it up tho!
  13. @andre.as.kyriakou: Hi, newbie question. While creating the "IG (365)" audience, there's the option to exclude "people who engaged with this professional account". Would this not be the same as creating two different audiences and then telling meta to exclude the "Followers"  audience when creating the campaign ? Just seems a little bit easier.
  14. @deagonmusic: Great videos man, i will definitely try that out! 💪😁
  15. @VirtualR: What I really need way more than this, since my facebook is really popular, but my instagram is empty, is a way to target my followers on facebook who are also on instagram, and give them an easy way at instagram to press follow on my profile there. Do you know of any way to do this? I think this sort of video would be massively helpful.
  16. @aguinaga: My brother, the part about using the IG follower exclusion is genius. Thank you 🙏
  17. @luizabischoff5061: Super helpful video :) My problem is that i can´t select the right conversion location - my instagram profile is can´t be selected, only my facebook page. What am I doing wrong. My IG acc is definitly connected to my facebook acc.
  18. @JELAQ_MUSIC: Hey man, thanks for all the content you've provided. I am running my first campaign on a release and the amount of engagement I have received  so far has surpassed by far all of my other releases! Thanks Tom!

- How We Scale Ecom Brands After Andromeda (Real Case Study): Kind: captions Language: en Many people are talking about Andromeda, about the Andromeda update, about how to build a following after Andromeda, and about how companies emerged after Andromeda. We held a session in our community that lasted about two hours, discussing Andromeda, how e-commerce is changing in the coming years, and how media companies are changing in the coming years. So, if you want to delve deeper into the details, you can check out our community. Now, let's talk about brand studies. I'll share with you how to structure ad count after Andromeda, what we need to focus on after Andromeda, the importance of creative strategy after Andromeda, and I'll show you brand studies. This is how the update to Andrew Media didn't affect it; on the contrary, it positively impacted it because this brand's business is built on a solid foundation and respects Facebook Ads' rules. We work with Facebook Ads as a business partner to help us achieve our objectives. We're always looking for all the hacks and tactics that will allow us to generate good revenue, not trivial things like that. You always have to keep in mind that Facebook's objective is for you to succeed and for you to spend more money on advertising because Facebook is the source that allows you to spend more on ads, and it brings in more money. So let's talk about this brand. I want to show you how much this brand spent this month and how many sales it made between this month and the previous month. We haven't been working with them for very long. First, you see in the report how I got it, so let's compare it to the previous one, Private Spirit, which is from August 31st to September 30th. So, let's do a comparison. This business spent $1174 this month and $246 last month because they don't want to spend more, but they can't spend more. When they go to increase the budget with the advertiser, they find themselves in a situation where they quickly reach the target and have problems that they can't solve by increasing the budget directly. So, in business scaling, it doesn't mean just increasing the budget, but when I increase the budget, I find myself always running and having to place orders every day. Okay, this is the reason for the amount being spent on the account. So, they couldn't spend more than 20 $30 a month, and we spent $60 a month directly during the day. Another thing is the order number. Our order number increased by 275 in less than a month, from 207 orders to 777 orders in a month. Don't get upset, guys. The code is always low. The code went from 1 to 1. We're always profitable. Okay, this last thing is our sales figure, which went from 16 million to more than 50 million this month. So this is the difference between September and October for business. This is after the interview with the team and the skills. So we did a lot of changes. This account had a pleasant company publishing system. It was complicated and didn't have much importance for creative planning. Donk Bach, let me show you exactly what we did and what things you need to do to get these profits in the first month, and what things you need to take into consideration after Andromeda. Okay, so let's get started. The first thing we need to take into consideration after Andromeda is that many things that were done manually will become automated. Facebook, please simplify the structure of the ad account in the most way possible. The machine, please centralize all your data in one place. So, if you are a business and you have a product to sell, that product shouldn't be promoted with more than one ad account. It needs to be like that. You only have one company that promotes that product. All you need is to have more than one company advertising so System Doncher a Facebook site, because Facebook is a system doncher auction, meaning it operates through auction. It's a business model where companies compete with each other. It's like building a competitor for yourself. So, you're the company, and everyone needs to be included in a campaign. If they're promoting the same product and viewing it on the same platform, that's the first thing. Simplification of the ad count, and Andromeda wants it to be simple so that the Facebook machine learns and all the data is gathered in its place. Because Facebook is a machine, when you give it data to perform better and to be better for this project, so it's simple. You have to make it resemble the thing, so you have a campaign. This campaign is for testing the ad count. All of these things, every ad set has a creative concept. Every ad set is a creative concept. There's no reason to work with a BY, work with the CPU. We won't get into the details of why BY and why CPU. In the video, if you want to hit the target market, you can find my other videos on YouTube or go watch my videos on Instagram. Any question you have, you'll find it there, and I'll explain why. I'm not telling you to work like that, but I'll explain why you need to work like that. So, you need to have a campaign for the product, that's the Hero Over campaign. The Hero Over campaign is in the middle of the campaign. You have a Pleasure Ad set, and every ad set tests the Creative Concept. If you don't differentiate between Form and Concept and Outlet Marketing, you need to look at the content that explains the Creative Concept. Okay, so we're going to Let me give you an example of this production. What are the concepts you're expecting this month? So, this month, when you open this campaign, you'll find I have two, three, four, five ads. Okay, so you don't see the two skill campaigns and two cabinets. I just do n't have a campaign dedicated to the two cabinets and a cabinet dedicated to the two skill campaigns combined. I just do n't see that I have an ad set. This one is the one that spends the most money. It's the ad set where I put all the creative elements. Okay, so when I have an ad set, I put all the creative elements, and the analysis always focuses on that ad set with the creative elements. I look for any specific problems in it. Is the top of the funnel correct? Is the middle funnel correct? Is the bottom funnel correct? And it depends on the data I do on it. The control adset, that's an example. Let's enter the control adset, this is what happened at $581. It's moving in the middle of the administration. I have six creative units in the middle of this adset. I didn't tell you I have a campaign in the middle of the pleasure adset. The adset with the creative unit is the one that compensates for two skill campaigns. I put all the postcodes and creative units in this control adset. So you're saying you have an adset with all the creative units? Why do you have other adsets? I'm going to analyze the control adset to find out if I have a problem in the final. I might have creative units that are good in the top of the final, or I might have creative units that are good in the pitfall, but I don't have creative units that are good in the middle of the final. That's why I have a problem in the Part of the funnel and here's where I'm testing a new concept in the middle of a new adset. The objective of this new adset is to improve the control adset. The control adset is to give me the ability to work in the middle of the business, i.e., the business, i.e., where all the creatives are. When I have a problem with this control adset or with the adset that contains all the creatives, then I do creative testing and test two new concepts in different designs. Their objectives should solve every problem in the control adset. Okay, I hope my words are clear and not complicated. So, you see here I have a few concepts that I'm testing. Okay, I have the first concept, which is Mashup. The second concept is Yugi C Video. The third concept is Micro-Tour Video, and the third and fourth concepts are Yugi C. The authority figure is okay, but I have two different concepts that will help me solve the problem in the middle or the final one that's in the control module. So, you haven't seen these settings I have. When it tells you that the concept is normal, you understand what I mean when I explain it to you. What's in each one? You understand what it means. The first formal concept has a specific concept, and you test it on the micro-trailer. The authority figure concept is also a concept on its own. The UGC I'm talking about is talking to us in front of a camera in the UGC, and I explain the production. It's like a concept on its own. So, this is Andromeda. Something you really like is having diversity in concepts. Andromeda doesn't matter if you work creatively on it and give it 10 features. It's because you like to have something simple, as long as you have diversity in concepts. That's what testing means. Testing YOGI C, testing microtoire, testing in, testing, and testing different concepts is what benefits Ander, and as I told you, each concept has its own ad slot. If you're a brand and don't have a large audience, why don't you test many ad slots? Because you'll always be on the run. We haven't seen in our timeline that all these have left the run. They're all active. We only have one concept, Talence, which is still on the run at the end of the month and hasn't left because it hasn't reached a certain font number that makes Facebook leave the run. So, this is something we need to consider because the most successful ad slots are always outside the run. Okay, after that, we'll analyze what a successful concept is in the middle of the fall. Then we'll consider certain factors. That successful concept, we take its post-test and put it into the control audit. Our control audit will have a new concept, which is stable. You haven't seen our testing system yet. We don't have a separate testing company and a separate scaling company. This is in line with a business that is n't very large yet. You haven't seen it in 700 orders yet, because in a business that makes 5000 or 6000 orders, sometimes we have to have separate testing companies and separate scaling companies. I'm not talking now about the project's commercial aspect. This requires you to have a simple structure that allows you to test and scale in one place, and the data to be stored in one place. As you saw, even among our concepts, we take an example of this concept. This is the model you will find with us. Ad Baraka, which is a flexible format, means we have n't added too many fresh elements. You enter the ad and you 'll find 20 ads, each with a different hook, or each with a different headline, or each with many elements. We only have one concept. Within this concept, we have a flexible format. The flexible format is where the hook is. Okay, so I'm not going to open and show you exactly what's in it, but to give you an idea, our concepts are organized the same way. This concept is for UGC. When you open it, you'll find only one flexible format. Within that flexible format, I have a hook. So it's simple. So, you're a business, there's no reason to complicate the vector of your ad. In your concept, you have to keep it simple. The maximum company objective. So, in the middle of the company, you have two different designs. From the beginning, you won't have a design with creative concepts because you're still testing. To have a design, each design is tested on a creative concept, and then when you get the right ideas, you put them in the control design. This control design is what will maintain the business's stability. After two months, you can start adding a new creative concept if you have a problem with the control design, which already has creative concepts. We'll see how to find other creative concepts to add to our team, which will always keep us stable in the middle of the business. So, this business—that is, this business— hasn't created any new creative concepts for a whole month because we have a structured and simple approach that has kept us Nestio Plaizur Concept Creative and they work, and we have stability in the business. This agent can work for two months straight and bring in sales without us touching anything because everything is automated, even the scaling of these creatives and how we decrease and increase the budget is automated. God willing, in other videos, I will explain to you how the automation works and how we increase budgets. We have specific rules, okay? So, in conclusion, for Andromeda, there are three things I want to consider as a business, especially for medium-sized businesses that operate in the 5-star market. First, the simplification of the ad account. A single cabinet is enough to promote the offer. Focus on the hero offer so that it brings you the best type of clients who have the same customer base. Journey, okay, don't you? You have a campaign that will bring you the best type of clients to promote to your hero overhead. And the best type of clients are those with the highest lifetime value in the business. If my words are a little difficult or you don't understand, and you're in an e-commerce business, you're not dealing with respectable coders, that's a bad thing. The problem is with you if you do n't understand the terms I'm saying. So you need these terms. If you don't understand them, watch my other videos on YouTube; they might explain these things more clearly. Or check out my Instagram account, of course, if you want everything clear. You can also take the Skillini Academy training. This is a compilation of applications. I don't want you to promote all the products; focus on your hero overhead. The thing is creative diversity, or creative strategy in general, that will make you successful in business and e-commerce. If you're working on a lot of marketing materials, more than just CPU and API work, and you're creating interest groups and targets, all that is creative strategy. It's about having a system you're building within your business and e-commerce. It's about knowing every week which concepts are successful, which concepts you need to create new ones, how to implement existing concepts, and how to test new creative concepts. This is what will truly give you stability in business. Creative strategy doesn't just mean designing, advertising, or editing videos. It's about the entire process of creating content, which we've talked about many times on Instagram, and you need to work on it. Listen, we want you to take this information so that your e-commerce project progresses smoothly and maintains its quality with minimal stress. I'm sharing it with you now. It won't take much time to implement it within your business. So, first, simplify your ad account. Second, focus on your creative strategy. I've said it three times to ensure you get the right advice. And third, understand your business model. Sometimes, no matter how much people spend on ads, how much they create, how much they do what they want, they start to mess around here in the ad and change parameters. Then, they disappear and find their business isn't working because the business model is already flawed. Your business model is built on a flawed foundation. You must always make sure that the person in charge understands the business model, understands the customer base, understands their problems, and understands how to solve those problems. If you're still working in General Stores and still seeing the product being promoted, the continuation of the project wo n't help you. We're talking to people who want to go far in commerce, who want to build a brand and create stable and innovative products, not those who just want to run a small business or a General Store that won't make people want to buy from you again. So, if your business model is built on a flawed foundation, all this talk won't help you. Make sure that your business model is built on a sound foundation and that you understand what affects the croissant business model. How do I get new clients? How do I ensure the maximum number of people who visit my website convert and buy from me? How do I get them to return after two or three months? And how do I have a system within my business that allows me to track all the data I've been talking about—client data, data on when they return, data on whether they buy, data on offers, data on lifetime activity— everything requires a code that allows you to track these things. If you don't have a system to track numbers, keystrokes, and data, all these decisions you make in business are based on luck, and business is n't about luck; it's about precision in accounting and calculations. In everything possible, most of you started in commerce because you're passionate about cosmetics, fashion, and accessories, and you want to build something in that field because you're so passionate about it. You spend 20, 30, or 40 million a month to discover that it's business, accounts, calculations, decision-making, data, and a lot of other things. So, I hope that any business owner who follows me and any brand that follows me will take my advice and apply it to their business so they can start seeing results. And most importantly, surround yourself with people who are in the same boat as you and who can help you with these things. So, I'm waiting for your comments and recommendations for other videos on YouTube. See you next! Time Chow Yeah.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nadir6704 [1 likes]: I think we should give for each Adset a diffrent marketing angle, and for each Ad a diffrent concept, Cuz the audiance defined by the marketing angle not the concept
  2. @sayhiharoun [1 likes]: Bravo bechiir keep going ❤
  3. @sayhiharoun [1 likes]: Bravo bechiir keep going ❤
  4. @med_chelly [1 likes]: thank you so much bro for this content
  5. @ghofranedheker [1 likes]: Merci beaucoup pour ces infos✅🙏
  6. @MahdiOthmani-q4w: Bravo 5ouya 🌹🌹
  7. @MrOmarch18: salam bachir ,  correct me if i'm wrong , in testing  you make a compaign with adset for every angle and in every adset you put a flexible ad with all the creatives for that angle and after that you copy the post id of the winner creatives from the flexible in a separate adset for scaling .   but how you can know wich creative is winner in the flexible format ? didn't meta frozen creative breakdown ?

- I Spent $20k Testing META Andromeda So You Don't Have To (Here's What Works): Kind: captions Language: en If you feel like you've been battling with Facebook over the last few months to get consistently performing ads, then this video is most likely going to help. As some of you may have seen, Facebook recently released their Andromeda update, and it's possibly one of the biggest updates they've ever released and has a huge impact on how you structure and design your Facebook ads. And I've obviously seen a bunch of videos on YouTube talking about this, but a lot of them come from the perspective of high budget campaigns or e-commerce campaigns. And so, in this video, I'm going to talk specifically about how this applies to lead generation ads. So, if you're running ads for clients or yourselves and you're doing primarily lead genen ads and local ads, this is going to be the video that you're going to watch. So, grab a coffee, sit back, and enjoy the video. Let's crack on. So, firstly, here's what happened behind the scenes. According to Meta's own blog, which was published in December 2024, so nearly a year ago now, Meta was literally drowning in ads. We're talking tens of millions of published ads every single day. And the algorithm just could not keep up with that volume. So, what they did is they partnered with Nvidia. Nvidia being the AI company that we all know, the technology and AI company. And according to Nvidia's own press release, which I will link in the description box underneath this video, they built a completely new system and called that system Andromeda. So, this isn't just an update. This is a completely rebuilt AI system when it comes to optimizing your ads. And this gave Meta over 10,000 times the computing power that they had before. And Meta's engineering team has explained there's a four-step process to this Andromeda update. So, that is what we're going to cover in this video. And those four stages are retrieval, light ranking, final scoring, and auction. But the real game changer is in step one. Meta has stated that the old system looked at ads one by one. But the way Andromeda does it now is it groups similar ads together and instead it's prioritizing creative diversity. So what that means is if you're running the same ad with five different hooks, there's a good chance that they're all getting lumped together. And that means that you might not actually be targeting those different user bases that you think you are by just switching out your hook. So let's take a look at my screen here. So what I've done is I've got all of my different pain points in the exact process that I normally go through and I've figured out kind of what are the core pain points that trigger users to purchase this product. And this product is internal lifts company, right? What I would normally do is I would take each of those problems and I would create a different hook and then I would attach those different hooks. So it's quite often the same video ad script. But the way I'm changing that now is instead of having the same video ad script, what I'm actually doing is I'm creating a brand new script for each one of these hooks and each one of those scripts is more or less focused around that one core problem or painoint. So yes, it's a little bit more work, but you only have to go through this process in the initial stages to understand which hooks are generating you the most leads and then from there you can create more variations with those same script. So how do you actually create that creative diversity that we're looking for? Well, there's three core ways of doing this. Number one, you have format diversity. So that is for example using video ads, using static ads, using carousels and other variations such as gifts and short animated videos to portray the same hook or pain point that you have in your original creative. The second thing is angle diversity. So that is scripting your ads to appeal to completely different personas, different pain points and different solutions. And the last one is concept versus variation. So how do we actually create this diversity that we need? There's two main ways. The first one is obviously format diversity. So that is the format in which you relay that information. That could be a static image with a long copy. It could be GIF ads. It could be talking head ads. It could be voiceovers. It could be textbased video ads. There's all sorts of ways that you can actually format things differently. And the second one is angle diversity. So that is actually scripting your ads to appeal to completely different personas. So if we go back to our scripts, we can see that. So for example, with the product that we're talking about, this is internal lift company. This has multiple different personas. One persona might be, for example, somebody buying it for themselves. Maybe they're getting older and they want to install a lift so they can stay within a home. And a second persona might be someone purchasing it or controlling that purchase for an elderly relative. So those are two completely different personas. If we look at this one for example, danger of stress using the stairs. I've written a script here which starts with falls on stairs sends over 250,000 Brits to A&E every year most of them in their own homes. If you or loved one grips the rail every time you climb the stairs gambling with your safety. So that's you know very much focused around kind of you know danger stress and it's a little bit kind of fear induced and pain induced right but this one for example is barrier to caring for loved ones. So for example helping a loved one upstairs shouldn't feel like risking both your safety for many carers the stairs are the most stressful part of the day. So the angle the persona is actually very different although it's the same painoint the persona that we're appearing to is actually extremely different. Right. And then finally we've got space or layout limitations. So essentially people purchasing it for luxury reasons. Right. So this hook is think your home's too small for a lift, think again. But then alternatively to those two scripts, we might create a script which is focused around people installing lifts for luxury purposes, right? And that might be a completely different persona as somebody who's purchasing it, you know, for accessibility reasons. And this applies to pretty much any product. And so I'll link one of my previous videos down below where I kind of go through my hook testing process. And I like to do things just like scraping Google reviews to try and find those different pain points and personas. And so quite easily with a product you can find, you know, five to six different pain points which you can use to generate hooks. And with each one of those hooks, you can write an individual script. You can take that script and you can apply that script in completely different formats. So I'm going to play a few seconds or a few different types of formats just to give you some ideas. So this one right here that I'm going to show you, this is a voice overbased video ad. There's actually no talking head at all. And these voiceovers were generated using AI. Thinking about upgrading your home? Before you spend a single pound on upgrades, come to the one place where you can see, touch, and test it all in real life. So, that's one format. Another format might be something similar to this one right here. Again, you could take the exact same script and use it in a textbased format like this. Another format might be something like this. If you can't turn your neck without sharp pain, watch this film. Chronic back pain doesn't just hurt your body. It steals your life. If you can't sleep properly, if you're avoiding doing the things that you love if you're constantly worried about when the next flare up is going to hit. So, as you can see, there is an unlimited amount of variations that you could create, right? Not only can you create these variations with your video ads specifically. So, for example, if we take this image ad that I created from one of my Canva templates, which is inside of my private community, you can see that I'm using the hook, which is that homeowners save up to 30K on moving costs. That's a strong hook and that's kind of related to people moving for accessibility reasons, so downsizing their homes. And so obviously what I can do here is I can match this image up with a longer form ad primary text and you know that's kind of using the same hooks and angles as the video script might use, right? This is a different completely different creative format. And so what Facebook is basically telling us is rather than how we might normally split test our adsets and we might kind of have different angles in different adsets and you know test multiple variations at the same time. They're basically telling us they want us to combine these into one adset. And I know some of you guys might be thinking that's quite scary as a concept because as advertisers we like to have some creative control. And I've been experimenting with both of these. I've been running ad accounts where I split ads set down by different angles and I might have for example one up to three ads in one adset and I'm basically forcing Facebook to split test my ads for me. And I've also been testing it where I just throw them all within the same campaign, the same adset. I leave everything as relatively broad and I also leave Advantage Plus on and I have all of my ads stuffed into one adset and I let Facebook rip basically the Chad style of advertising, right? And I'll tell you the difference that I found. I tend to find that when I combine things together, I'm getting more longevity within my ad accounts. I have to it's less hassle. I have to make less changes and in some instances, I'm actually finding the results to be better. However, what I am finding is Facebook is still sometimes finding it quite challenging to actually optimize my budget effectively. So, what this effectively means if I try and explain this in diagram format, if I for example given my campaign a $100 per day budget on a CBO, right? So, for example, if we explain this in a diagram format, if I'm giving a campaign $100 per day of ad budget and let's say I've got five ads, what I will quite often find is 70 bucks gets spent on one singular ad and maybe the ad gets one lead. Another ad gets $10 spent and one lead has come through that ad. So, in my head, I'm thinking, well, why is Facebook giving all of my budget to this ad when this ad is quite clearly outperforming that one, even still with it being a relatively light and small budget? And that's because the algorithm isn't just based on leads. The algorithm is based on lots of different variables, right? If people are engaging with one ad more than the other, if they're clicking on it more regularly, it doesn't necessarily mean it's going to generate leads, but it can quite often signify to Facebook that more budget is being spent. So the general rule of thumb, if you're going to be applying this Andromeda update and you're going to start what they call consolidating more of your ads into the same campaign and adset, my general rule of thumb is to check this every 2 to 3 days. Okay? And my general rule is I set myself a target cost per lead, right? And my target cost per lead might be, for example, $30. Okay? And you might not know what your target cost per lead is. So you might need to experiment a little bit so you can kind of see what is possible within your ad campaigns. So if your target is $30 and you've had an ad that's spent over $30, you've had no leads, and your CTR is looking bad. My general rule of thumb is if your CTR is below 0.8%, 8% I might turn that ad off and let that budget get redistributed amongst my other ads that are active within the same adset. If my target cost per lead was $30 and my ad has spent $30 but my CTR is north of8% and even north of 1% I will let that ad spend up to two times my target CPL before I'm turning it off. And if you are on top of this and you are essentially optimizing within your adset, you want to make sure that you're also replacing ads that get switched off. So that means having a reserved team of ads down here that we can lean on. If you know we pause two ads, we can then move two ads into our campaign and we can essentially replace the ads that got paused. You want to make sure that you have a good volume of ads and created diversity. And my general rule for this is and again this is my rule and it might be different for other people advertising on the platform. My general rule is for every $50 of ad spend you probably want to have five active ads. So that's basically one ad for every $10 per day of budget. Again, if you're spending $1,000 per day, you're probably not going to have a 100 ads, but you kind of get the point. Up to, you know, up to maybe a $100 to $200 per day. I tend to have maybe one ad for every $10 to $20 of ad spend. Okay? And that's just giving at least in the initial stages to give Facebook some create creative diversity so that they can do more testing and kind of figure out what is working. Another important thing to mention is that Facebook has stated that some ads might be acting more as top offunnel ads. That means that is the first ad that is kind of bringing them into your advertising network by kind of getting them to know your brand. And some ads might be acting as more middle or bottom of funnel campaign. So for example, if you've got static image ads, people might be seeing the video ads first and then seeing the static image ads second and therefore the video ads for example might not have the best cost per lead, but it might be bringing users into your but it might be connecting users with your brand so they later are converting with those static ads. One of the biggest Andromeda updates is kind of this kind of movement away from structured audiences and retargeting and allowing more of the AI to control that within one campaign and one ad. So that means if we're talking from top to bottom of the funnel, so for example, top of the funnel being very very cold, maybe less qualified audiences and bottom of the funnel being more qualified kind of more ready to buy audiences. Obviously your language and the way that you connect with those people is going to be slightly different. You can have ads that are in all both of the all of these different uh audience segments in the same ad set and Facebook will kind of like figure out for you where those ads sit within the matrix and it will kind of like feed them to the user at the right stage. Again, this is all what Facebook is telling us. I still recommend that you set up good audience segmentation. You do use retargeting effectively because it's still worth setting that up and doing that. Okay. And if you're kind of confused as to what those different levels mean, here's my general rule of thumb. top ofunnel users or cold users, you want to use value based content, problem solution and persona based stuff. And primarily I'm using 30 to 60-second video ads or longer copy formats for those. Middle of funnel is more direct callout based ads. For example, ads like this where I'm directly calling out the problem and giving them my offer directly within that static image ad as opposed to it being more kind of like pain, problem, solution, and education which I would include both of those variables in your cold campaign. So that means whereas before I might have had just like you know 30 to 60second video ads top of funnel I'm now starting to introduce more variations in terms of the the directness of those ads but making sure that I have creative diversity and angle diversity within those. So a good blend of all of them is really important to make sure that you're optimizing for the Andromeda update. And the final main point is the movement away from interestbased targeting. Obviously, we've seen this change over the last three to five years with Meta, where we used to be a lot more specific with the types of users we're targeting. Meta is having a big push towards more broad audiences, leaving that advantage plus audience option toggled on and giving Facebook more control. And essentially, the way that we're targeting our ideal users, something I've been saying for over a year, is all done with your angles and your creative, and it's not done with the interests and the audiences that you're setting up. So that might be if you're using interestbased targeting, try moving away from interest based targeting. Even if your product is super specific, super niche, make sure you're calling those problems and calling those users out in the first 3 seconds of your video or in the on your image ads or on the topline of your copy, make sure you're using that to call those specific users out. Facebook is saying they're going to figure out how to target those people for you. So do not worry. This movement towards angle and hookbased targeting as opposed to inspace targeting is one of the biggest updates with this Andromeda stuff. And that is what I'm noticing across the board. And this also helps to generate better quality leads. Right? If you're targeting specific personas by their pain points that they're having, you're going to bring people into your funnel who have those specific problems. And they're going to be a lot more qualified as opposed to just interests and offers and stuff like that. It's going to work a lot better in generating a higher quality of user. So, let's do a quick summarization. Step one, make sure you're auditing your current ads. Try to group those ads together if you can and try and consolidate them into as minimal ad sets and campaigns as you possibly can. Number two, look for your best performers. Create format variations of those best performers. So, if you've got a particular painoint which is working very well as a video, turn that into a long copy variation. Turn that into a completely different video style, but using the same script as you originally use. Keep it in the same adset, chuck it in, add more variations, and you'll be on to a winner. Number three, continue creating those persona based angles. Do your product research, your review scraping, use AI. Make sure that you are actively playing on pain points that your potential customers are having. Number four, restructure your campaigns. Try and consolidate those campaigns into as minimal ad sets and campaigns as you possibly can. And keep an eye on those performers and indicators. Make sure that you are optimizing as you go. But equally, make sure you're not doing too much. If you've got some ads that, for example, are performing reasonably well, but not necessarily like setting the world light, leave those ads running because they might be supplementing other ad campaigns. Of course, if you've got ads that are completely and utterly, you performing horribly and sucking up your budget, of course, turn those ads off. If you've got some ads that you feel like might be supplementing others and they're bringing leads in at maybe like 20 10 20 30% over your target CPL, if your overall CPL is looking good, you can leave those ads on. And finally, try launching your ads in batches. So, for example, rather than launching one ad at a time, turning it off, and choosing another ad, and choosing another ad, choosing another ad. Try starting with five to 10 ad creatives, chucking them all into an adset, and running them in batches. And what you can do is you can create ads in batches. So once you figure out ones that don't work, you can pause them off and you can introduce a new batch of ad creatives. My biggest takeaway from this is just add variants. Like if you've got ideas, test those ideas, test those formats. Having as many creatives as possible is going to help you, especially with this new Adama update. And finally, if you want to learn how to apply this stuff and you want to get access to me directly, you want to get access to my full meta ads breakdown course which includes everything from start to finish as well as a 15 module creative ads course and also get access to four plus weekly coaching calls directly with myself. I will leave a link down below to my local ads accelerator where you can do exactly that. And we have over 100 plus advertisers and marketing agency owners in there absolutely crushing it. For example, Carlos, who just crossed $27,000 per month for his advertising agency by applying principles taken from this community. Axel, who's doing over $10,000 per month with one particular niche, just delivering Facebook ads. And Azan, who applied some of the ad strategies and his clients closed over $24,000 worth of deals in one week from directly taken from the Facebook ads principles taught in the course. So, if you're interested in learning more about that, click the link down below, find a little bit more. Otherwise, make sure you like the video, subscribe to the channel so you don't miss future uploads, and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @KarmaKattt [4 likes]: One thing I’ve noticed with this new structure is when you add a new Ad Set to your campaign it starts getting sales fast.
  2. @Bridgestemtutor [4 likes]: Hey Sam! Great video! 2 questions 

1) I notice when launching new ads in the same adset, FB still tends to spend on the unpaused “winning” ads. What would you recommend in this case?

2) I notice that after 5 days, ad results completely drop off even with the winners and new creatives. Do you ever recommend just duplicating the adset and refreshing or will that just kill optimization in the long run? 

Thanks a ton!!
  3. @fiword [2 likes]: You're one of the purest ppl I've ever seen, thanks for all of the time n effort you're giving here, appreciate it fr!!
  4. @SeanOHara-z4r [1 likes]: So have you completely shifted to this new structure? My clients' monthly ad budget is less than £1k so I'm not sure how I'll be able to create so many ads without spreading the budget too thin.
  5. @sandraortiz8000 [1 likes]: ❤ Gracias
  6. @revenger6 [1 likes]: Hi mate, are you able to share your Sheet to copy? Im not the smartest with excel 😅
  7. @yongu12 [1 likes]: Yeah and this way if u have ugc and 5 statics in 1 adset, the ugc eats 90% of budget.
  8. @evanluis8132 [1 likes]: Great video man! With this new update I'm curious if you still separate testing and scaling campaigns?
  9. @hypogaming7986 [1 likes]: Hey bro so I run ads in franchising niche 

And the thing is when I am running broad adset I am getting leads who are not qualified because they need to have good amount of buget to make an investment
  10. @Leads_Sales_Life: catching up to this now. great video.
  11. @jackroberts9557: I've watched a lot of videos explaining the new updates. This video was by far the best breakdown. Cheers mate.
  12. @DennisvanderHeijden1: How to you match landing pages to all these creatives? I assume each hook/concept needs a matching LP right? Seems also tons of work on that side/site
  13. @Entrepryze: Nice video, keep it up , where should I contact you for a potential sponsorship?
  14. @danielgonzalez6149: Are there any videos on your channel explaining how to use AI to find painpoints for my clients customers?
  15. @LazeNex01: Great content. I have a question, though. In your video, you say, "I still recommend setting up good audience segmentation and using retargeting effectively, so it's still worth setting up." But then you end by saying, "No longer targeting based on interests." So, do you actually set up audiences?
  16. @ganesh-td6jr: so personas in one ADSEts along with full funnel ads, or different Adsets per persona with full funnel Adsets
  17. @swaggy745: If I run one ad campaign with one adset, I can't test new ads since the budget all goes to the old ads, even though it's performance is dropping with fatigue. Do I need a separate testing campaign?
  18. @Rahuljaiswal7305: Hey I watched your videos really great content, I had this one question I recently followed Andromeda update in running ads for a pressure washing business, budget 30$ a day and it was a instant form lead ad

And I ran 1 campaign 1 adset and 6 ad creative. 2 really good voice over video ads following (hook + story + offer + urgency) and 1 carrousal and 2 image and 1 short reel (Average) meta decided to push all the spent on carrousal and short reel ad and 40$ is spent and I have nit got any leads, and I have paused the campaign, can you suggest me what I should do? And also if messanger lead ads are good if I setup AI messanger bit for qualfication I have ghl? Not sure how to get this client results, any suggestion would be really helpful, you want to see my ads? And Ad results matrics, I can share drive link?
  19. @DailyclipsForyou16: bro how can I join your paid community

- How We Dropped CPA by 44% Using Meta’s Andromeda Model (Case Study): Kind: captions Language: en You are basically doing what Meta recommends you to do. >> Yeah. [laughter] >> Okay. >> Crazy enough, I mean, the Andromeda model makes so much sense when you look at the the literature. >> Absolutely. >> It says, "Here's all the people inside of Meta. Here's your ads. We're going to find out what ads work to the right audiences and we'll deliver your ads correctly to the users." Like, okay. I I understand that. And says, "Do it this way." So, we said, "Okay." I mean, >> those beautiful Nvidia chips, >> right? On to the next case study. Ah, Mitch is here. He says, "I'm here. You can start." Also, >> thank God Mitch is here. [laughter] >> Well, sucks. >> I love Mitch [laughter] even more. >> I optimize for view only and brand terms only on Google, says Mitch. She goes, "Just kidding. Just kidding." I'm like, "I I do too." [laughter] >> I'm like, "Look at all the million dollars that you made off of this." >> Yeah. But if you know if there's a view that means it's coming from that platform. Of course. >> Of course. [laughter] >> So uh I wanted to touch upon the creative diversification. We've been following the model that we've been using. Uh and this is actually um the model here. >> You've seen this before. And >> yeah, this is an actual meta deck. We're showing like meta stuff. >> Yeah. >> This isn't a hack, John. >> This is a practitioner guide. Like Andromeda came out in December of 2024 for those still not in the know or living under a digital marketing rock. Um, but this is what they're producing. So, here's an example, and I won't go through this again because we we've already gone through this, but we've been following the five driven. >> You have to hammer this into people's heads. >> Yeah. Yeah, really do. But >> people that are watching on this channel, but [laughter] you know, people that are actually working at tier 11, too. So, anyway, uh, go ahead. Keep hammering. >> Let's hammer away. So, five insight driven and five insights driven net new concepts per month. Basically means like what's your hook painoint offer? Like what is your marketing plan for this product or service? create at least two, three, four, five would be great. And then whatever starts to win, when the traffic and audiences start to resonate with it, you see leads and sales and clicks and yada yada yada, make better versions of the winners. And so we said, "Okay, let's practice what we preach cuz you all have seen me say this before, but now we're actually going to show you the actuality." So back on September 20th, we said, "Hey, let's scale up." So we added $3,500. went from 9,600 to 13 grand. Um, in >> so just so we're clear, you are basically doing what Meta recommends you to do. at the the literature. Um, >> absolutely. >> It's basically uh it says, "Here's all the people inside of Meta. Here's your ads. We're going to find out what ads work to the right audiences and we'll deliver your ads correctly to the users." Like, okay, I understand that. let's and says do it this way. So we said okay. I mean >> those beautiful Nvidia chips >> right out of the 6,000 digital marketing agencies there's like you know two that are running Andromeda and it's you know us and my my other agency I'm a part of like that I [laughter] have personally. So hey >> might as well be the first one to kind of you know listen to to Google and find out or listen to Meta find out what happens. So, >> I forget the last time we were together, but I was at a Meta conference in New York and nobody I talked to everybody like every agency I talked to like they're not doing any of this stuff. >> No, no, I talked to a dozen people like including my rep who's brand new and like he came from TikTok. He's a nice guy, but he's sort of still learning it. It's like what do you think about the Andromeda update? He's like what what >> it's it's insane. >> Like I know we're so far in into the weeds and deep into this, but I mean >> I don't know how you call yourself a professional and not do that. It's It's like, you know, me on me. It's like, "Hey, I need to write a book." I'm like, "Okay, hold on." Like, "Dink." It's like, you know, they invented pens, right? Like the hammer and chisel. >> Chisel, my way of doing it. All right, keep going. >> So, we increased the ad spend 36%. We saw some really hit point diminishing return. Cost per result went up 61% and our results went down 15%. We said, "Okay, what do we do?" Well, we have to iterate our creative. And so this is on September 20th to 23rd or 22nd when we pushed we said okay this isn't working. >> And just so clear this is not an e-commerce client correct. >> It sort of is. It's a long sales cycle. They're college courses. So you could do it lead genen you could do lead flow. You could do e-commerce everything. So we're basically optimizing for per clickthrough checkout because this account has been tracking the wrong metric for over two years and over a million dollars in ad spend. >> So because of a long sales cycle we basically counted a micro conversion first. so that we can retrain who these actual people are. We're backfilling it from AOS so that it actually appends to the per click through checkout custom event through Cappy. And so we're basically importing first click Cappy imports but just on a previous touch point simply because their text stack even AOS is like we can't see the conversions neither can AOS no one can see the conversions. It goes through like three different websites and just loses everything. So we're going to fix that. But anyway, we're just basically accounting the point where they begin checkout >> plus plus edge tag on this as well. edge [clears throat] tag firstclick checkouts rather than edge tag firstclick purchases. Exactly right. >> Correct. Got it. >> Yep. And so we saw a softening in this in this performance and we basically just said well let's follow the model that and let's do we iterate our five new pieces of creative and so that was on the 20th or the 22nd and so after we uploaded our new creative on the 22nd and we look at the 23rd, 24th, 25th and we see what happens. >> So we kept our spend or not kept our spend we that was the next thing we did. We increased our spend again and we said, "Okay, let's try to make a push now that we have new creative." >> And that's where we saw all >> This is very cool. These are three-day increments. You're saying increments. Three-day increments. Got it. Keep going. >> Yep. So now on the 23rd, 24th, 25th, our CPA is down 10 bucks. So we went from 45 down to 34. And remember, we were at uh 30 and shot up to 45 and now we're at 45 down to 34. And then we increased our uh conversions by 62% with 25% 23% in ad spend. We said, "Okay, let's just follow this along." So, the next week, fast forward to October 1st, we said, "Okay, let's do some more creative iterations." We updated all of our creative on the uh 30th. >> I don't have the next three days since we only have the first two days after it. >> Okay, >> we've been looking at 3-day increments, 23, 24, 25. 3-day increments, 20, 21, 22. I only have the first second, I'll have the third. But once I have the third, then that spend will normalize. >> But it looks like we're down 16%. We're good today. We're back up to normal ranges. I just don't have all the imports just yet. But long story short, counting the two days, our CPA is now down to 25. Better than it was the week and a half ago before we started our creative uh iteration process. And now we're seeing a 10% increase in results and a 24% decrease in cost per results for 16% less spend. So we're back down now to $25 where we started at 28. So now we're actually better since the 20th to the 1st. So that was 11-day period. We did three rounds of iterations and we dropped our CPA still $3 cheaper than where we were before with an increase in ad spend. And all we're doing and we look at the uh the view history here. Um let me go to the 30th so you can see this is when we are this all started delivery of all of our ads. We basically just updated all of our creative on the 30th. You can see here we paused a whole bunch and then we we added new iterations. And what's cool about this is you can kind of see like from the 30th to the 2nd compared to previous period when we said all right let's start adding in new ads these are all starting to be reduced some are still working some are heavy reduced and you can see all of this negative here I mean you can almost see it pausing these things for you my spend is 0.07% 07% difference, >> but these are all down 60 percentile. And then this one ad all of a sudden just sucked up eight G's immediately in the first two days. >> Spends the same. And then look at this thing. It is giving us 221 conversions at a 37, which is still $10 higher, but has brought down the overall $16. So people are like, well, what happens if an ad sucks up the ad spend? It's like, >> that's old. That that's and CBO. That's you in control. You're no longer in control anymore. Meta's in control. So if Meta says, "I'm going to do it. It works and you'll see a better result." >> The media buyer for some reason thinks that to hop in and like pause this one. It's like do not touch it. That would be the first reaction. >> Exactly. >> Wait a second. You know, if I'm looking at an app, I mean, it's it the CPA. Well, I guess we're talking about ENAC here obviously, but CPA is it's not 37. It's the total for that. I thought of it was like 47 >> for your top one for your top UGC ad. >> Oh, 37. Yeah. >> Oh, it is 37. Okay. >> But all the other ones are getting >> Why should I not turn that off? >> What's the rationale for that? >> Yeah. So, this one you're thinking about what has a high amount of ad spend when you have 8,000 out of $14,000. What do we think this ad is doing to the cold traffic? Imagine we put an ad in there and it's going to go and go out to the cold traffic and it's starting the users on their journey. It has the highest amount of ad spend and has a high amount of engagement but without having the frequency be crazy high. So you have a high amount of engagement. >> It'sa it's engaging in the market. It's expanding the market. It's increasing awareness in the market. It's getting some conversions but it's sucking up the ad spend for a specific reason because Facebook says or Meta says that that's where they are in the journey. They need to see this piece of content in order to continue down the journey and ultimately make the purchase. Mhm. And we see the rest of the ads here doing what? So the CPA is getting better. >> Mhm. >> And we even have 20% more, 14% more, 143, 57, 100. Now these >> beating all of these other ads really is what's happening. >> Yeah. Now this is down checkouts, but the CPA better. This is down checkouts, but the CPA is better. This is down checkouts, but the CPA is better. Ah, so it seems to be reshuffling the deck and the ads that they have more information on because they've been running longer are extremely smart because they have had longer time period. So when we say, "Hey, we need to see this new ad start to re-engage people." Why? Well, the week before when we were looking at the top performing uh pieces of creative that had the highest amount of ad spend, it was guess what? A UGC. >> So what do you think we did? We went and created another UG UGC >> cuz that's what works. That's what's resonating with this market and one of the 10 ad types. You just never really know which one is working. Is there a founder story in here too or no? >> Yeah, we have a founder story in here as well. But the here's what's awesome is here's where where a lot of media buyers will get stuck because they haven't been trained and taught attribution. And this is where if you learn attribution, everything else becomes so much easier. So don't skip the hard part because you're making the easy part hard. So what I mean by this is when we are importing firstclick cappy imports remember what's meta's attribution model [snorts] last click bingo so you're saying John I need this thing to spend a lot I need to get the first click they need to see nothing else and they have to click this and then I won't pause it like you're asking for the impossibility >> everybody is going to see my ad and click the very first time and then buy John [laughter] >> right >> that's how humans work things >> that always happens never. Yeah. Time lag, sales cycle is all fooy. [laughter] It's it's fugazi, you know. So that's what's interesting is like if you haven't had this resonated with the marketplace and you say no, no, no, they have to click that and only that and not see anything else shut off everything else. That's what I used to do, >> Yes. That's why you're you're not teaching these. This is why we are this is the examples that we're going through. So it is very very interesting to see how the meta Andromeda engine is working. But if you follow the rules, I could drop my CPA from 44 to 25 in 10 days by simply just making more ads that that work. Now, to let me let me jump back into Microsoft Paint here. Um, become a graphic designer again for a moment. >> Well, just to your point, like you're looking I want to get back to that one, but I mean, what you're really looking at is the bottom line cost per checkout, which was $27. You don't really care about any of the other ones. That's your that's your universal enc from all your assets. >> Exactly. This is the total assets combined. Exactly. And here's why. >> So, if you develop an ad here, it says, "Great. I'm going to take the ad and I'm going to show the traffic." >> John shows his art skills. >> It's very good. I I spent six months at art school um in the parking lot picking up my wife when she went to art school. [laughter] >> There somewhere. [laughter] >> So, you develop an ad. It takes the ad and shows it to the people and says, "Hey, you know what? Out of all 10, we like half of these." So these ads, you know, here are good and these ads over here are bad. Whatever it is. So they choose the ads that they're that are working with. And then they say, "Okay, great." The next day, they basically take those ads and they show it to them again and say, "Hey, they still really like those." Now on day three, are they going to say, "Take those same ads and show it to the users again?" Meta's going to say, "No, sorry. We're cutting you off there. Stop. We're not going to beat the crap out of these people." Well, what has happened so far? Well, we tested a bunch of ads. And you know what they resonated with? They resonated with the fact that this has college credits that will transfer to any university. And the next week it was college credits that transfer to any university. And the next day it's college credits that transfer to the next university. And the next day has college credit. I know that. Stop telling me. >> I'm banner. I'm banner blind already. >> Exactly. So what do we have to do? We have to we have to use a new iteration. We have to use a different variation of these. What else can you tell them? You already told them that you're going to tell them, >> right? They didn't convert on that message. However, in the back of their mind, they maybe remember it, maybe they don't. But then Meta says, "Let's show you another ad with a slightly different message because we didn't get the result by showing you that ad that we wanted. So, let's show you another ad." >> Exactly. And there's always traffic flowing in and flowing out of the marketplace. So, there's always flowing in, flowing out. And what you're trying to do is identify your pain points, your hooks, your offers that are resonating with the marketplace. So, this can become more evergreen. >> Once it's evergreen, you're like my Vermont glove company. I've been running the same ads since May 14 and there I have 129 active ads and all of them have under $30 CPA and I'm only spending 250 bucks a day because we've we've we've kept we've kept iterating our process to what we see working well with the audience. We said let's make a new version. Make a new version. Make a new version. And if you go all the way back here since May of 2025, I mean, we're literally going back May, June, July, August, September into October, and we look at my one Andromeda campaign and we look at with my one ad set, and we look at my ads that are descending by spend. I have now spent $23,000. Not a whole lot because I'm only spending 25 or 250 bucks a day, but I have 130 ads. And look at the CPA. >> They're just beautiful. Like $25 across the board. Everything is just cranky. $125 product, $125 NaOV in this case. >> Yeah. And the $9,000 increase in ad spend year-over-year was a $220,000 topline uh increase. So this all we basically did is find the $130 different accolades that bought our product that everyone loves and we're just like telling the world. >> Tell the world. >> We don't even have enough money to increase the or we don't have enough inventory to increase the spend because we're trying to keep up with demand. We kind of like plateaued. >> But again, that is a creative iterative process. I've been following it since for the last five months. >> Tested the out of it. It works. I wanted some more recent results to share with everyone of how the Andromeda diversification playbook came out and said, "Do it this way." I said, "Okay, I'll do it this way because no one else is testing this and it's working extremely well." When I say that media buying is technical media buying has been has been snuffed and the creative media buying has been buffed. Like that's what we're talking about. So when you're like, "Huh, this isn't working." Think of creative first. What are your concepts, hook, pain points, offers? Are you having good nomenclature? Are you reacting what is positive? And are you iterating that process? If the answer is no, you're not using Andromeda. >> Yeah. Snuffed and buffed. I love it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElliotSindall-o6p [1 likes]: Any chance you can share the link to that .pdf?
  2. @Shootingtargets7 [1 likes]: Excellent! Any chance you can share the link to that .pdf?
  3. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: how do you create this %change metric? it's very important
  4. @positivelydark: Great video. Here is a very simple question. With Andromeda is it best practice to create a lot of ads with different hooks and just let meta do all the work and I should not pause any ads assuming that meta is automatically going to optimize the campaign as good as it can based on my creative?  Is there ever a time you should pause an ad or will meta limit poor performing ads by not showing them?
  5. @RaedSkaik: Great video! It’s interesting to see how all these tests and concepts can work within 1 single adset!

- The NEW WAY to Test Ads on Meta in 2026 (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just rolled out the new algorithm Andromeda, and now every so-called expert tells you to test more and more creatives. But that's exactly why you're stuck. Hi, my name is Charlie and I've spent over a billion dollars on Facebook ads. And I help anyone running ads on Meta scale brands, drive leads, and make a lot more money. In this video, I'm going to show you why creative testing has never been about finding more winning ads and how to build a simpler system that makes scaling a lot easier. To really get started, we first have to understand what an ad really is. Every piece of content, whether it's paid or organic, is its own web page on the site of Facebook or Instagram. And social media is basically just a Google search results page with content they think you'll like. For every piece of content, Meta is tracking loads of things. But what you really need to know is they give every ad a score based on how likely someone is to engage with your content, how likely someone is to click on a link, how long they stay on your site, and what actions they take when they do click on that link. And every new ad you launch starts at zero. Now, when Meta is trying to test a brand new ad, it doesn't just show it to anybody. It wants every ad to have a consistently high score so that users have a consistently good experience. So they show it to the people most likely to engage and click and do things on your site. And inherently those people are at the bottom of your marketing funnel. The problem is every new ad tested there steals attention and spend from the proven ads that were already working, even if they're in a different campaign. The success of every new ad in testing essentially comes at the expense of an older one that was already proven to do a good job, which makes that previous ad look worse. This is what is often labeled as ad fatigue. Old ads look worse over time according to attribution because new ads steal the sale at the 11th hour. And because all of the ads are launched at the bottom of the funnel, the funnel doesn't grow. your results are less incremental and customer acquisition costs continue to climb. So then the experts tell you to launch new ads, more and more of them, faster and faster just to effectively maintain the funnel that's already there. So you spend time and money working harder and harder to basically make growth more difficult. And if you want to make a lot more money, well, that doesn't really make a lot of sense. Now, at this point, I want you to know that I hear you. You are screaming at the screen right now. But Charlie, what about creative diversity? Creative diversity is not just spamming the machine. Andromeda was built specifically because too many people were spamming the machine. And it penalizes anyone that does that. True creative diversity simply means you have enough ads that speak to enough people in enough different ways and moments so that every impression gives someone a good experience. That's it. And you don't need a 100 ads to do that. A handful will do, as long as they each do something different and work together. The best way to think about this is like the Olympic rings. Five rings all connected. The three rings on top are your prospecting ads, the ones that help you find new people. Maybe one of them is a UGC video that feels personal, one is a testimonial that builds trust, and one is a demo that shows how your product works. Then there are two rings on the bottom, your retargeting ad. These are reminders. They speak to people who already saw your other ads and just need a little nudge or an extra reason to come back, maybe overcome some objection. Five ads, that's it. Not hundreds, not spammy chaos, just a small team where every ad has a role and they all work together to give people a better experience. And none of them have to be perfect or even the best possible at their position. All that matters is that your investment portfolio of complimentary ads are sustainable and good enough to increase the budget. When you build your account like this, the machine doesn't get confused, it gets smarter. These ads don't fatigue. They improve with more data. And you can spend your money faster, smarter, and more profitably because now Meta actually understands your business. It knows who to show your ads to and in which order. The CMO of Meta, Alex Schultz, in his new book, Click Here, tells us that when Zuck is talking about personalization, he's not talking about each individual ad. He's talking about the collective experience of all content, organic and paid. So all of this forces a very surface level question. So when should we test and how do we do it? Well, to start, if you can increase your budget, don't test new ads. It's really that simple. If your system is stable, your results are solid, and every time you raise your budget, your performance holds, the absolute worst thing you could do is launch new ads because you've already solved the most important problem. Can I spend more money? If the answer is yes, don't go looking for new problems to fix. You've already won. But if the answer is no, what if you can't raise your budget without everything breaking? That's when creative testing actually matters. And this is where we use something called the scientific method. It's simple. You have a control. The system you already know works, even if it doesn't work good enough. And then you test one variable at a time to see if it makes the whole thing better. That's what creative testing is supposed to be. A way to make a small improvement to get back to where you can say yes again. So instead of launching hundreds of random new ideas, you look at your Olympic rings, your five ad system, and you ask, "Which one of these isn't doing its job?" Then that's the weak link you focus on. You test to strengthen the part that's slipping, not steal, and weaken the part that already works. Because testing isn't about chasing winners. It's about keeping the system strong enough to scale. That's how the best advertisers grow. They don't guess. They don't throw spaghetti at the wall. They don't spam the platform. They run experiments one variable at a time. And every experiment answers the only question that matters. Can I spend more money tomorrow? If the answer is yes, you raise your budget. If the answer is no, you test carefully, deliberately, until it is. That's the scientific method. That is creative testing done right now. Remember earlier when I told you that creative testing has never been about finding more winning ads? Here's why that's so important. A single winner can't scale. Because one ad, no matter how strong it looks in the dashboard, can't carry the weight of the whole system for infinite growth. Sure, you can find one that crushes it. It drives conversions, looks amazing in attribution, and for a while, it makes you feel like you've cracked the code. I've personally have had ads that go and take an account from 200 a day to 2 million in 6 months. Under Outfit famously went from 50 grand a month to a million a week. And a large part of that growth was on the back of one ad. But it didn't exist alone. And eventually it stopped working. Because here's the thing, when you try to scale on the back of one ad, everything falls apart. Why? because that winning ad was never built to hold the weight of an entire account. It's one player, not a team. And that's exactly what happens inside of most ad accounts. I'm totally guilty of this myself. Advertisers chase another winner and then another and another, making all other ads look worse. Running ads is a team sport. A winning ad can only really do one job exceptionally well. And every ad should have a specific role on the team. Michael Jordan on his best day isn't going to beat a full basketball team. Messi, as great as he is, isn't winning a match against 10 players and a goalie all by himself. You don't score more points by putting two quarterbacks on a football field. The way you win is by having a team of complimentary players. Each built to do a specific job, all working towards the same goal. Consistent and profitable growth. That's what Meta Rewards. And that's what Andromeda was built for. Clarity, consistency, and a system that can win again and again. The brutally honest truth is that Meta doesn't care how clever your ads are. And the real definition of success isn't vanity metrics like rorowaz or CTR or CPA. It's saying yes to the simple question, can you spend more money tomorrow? If the answer is yes, you're winning. If it's no, then it's not your ads that are broken, it's your system. Fix that and everything else gets easier. That's how you make meta work for you, not the other way around. And if you want to know exactly how to take this system and scale your business to the moon without breaking the account, that's exactly what I'll show you in this next video. And remember, simple scales, complex fails. And until next time, I'll see you on the internet.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bemojournal [2 likes]: I swear every time you refer to spaghetti at the wall I’m eating pasta while watching the video
  2. @maricrismorenovlogs4346 [2 likes]: what ever happened dont sell a course ok?
  3. @joeybjr [1 likes]: so with the new update and fb taking away the option of choosing flexible media, is the 3 creatives chosen when your uploading 1 creative and it gives you the choice for up to 10 ,  or am I creating 3 separate ads with 3 separate creatives and the 3 creatives is in the related media? hopefully this makes sense
  4. @vineetsingh4519 [1 likes]: Big brand run 600+ ads why?
  5. @Learncrux [1 likes]: Hi Charley, thanks for your content.

I just have one question: when I do 3:2:2 ads, don't I have to test many variables?

Would the ideal be to change only one variable in each 3:2:2 ad test?

And would it be feasible to use the same script for a video ad and make three different formats within the flexible ad (UGC, VSL, etc.)?

Thanks.
  6. @losgiddy [1 likes]: Prof thank you! question please, should all 5 ads be in the same ad set/ campaign?
  7. @nicholastippins3543 [1 likes]: I'm glad I've been working with you for a while -- Andromeda dropped, and my ads continued to perform great. Also love that particular color of nail polish.
  8. @ne_belov [1 likes]: bla-bla-bla
  9. @inderdeepsingh502 [1 likes]: Hey Charlie, in lead gen campaigns, we cannot really copy the post IDs and use it in a winning ad group like you do in one CBO campaign, you launch DCT ads in different ad groups for testing and use them in the winning ad group. How do you recommend doing it?
  10. @francoretamaldigital [1 likes]: Grandes lecciones maestro yoda, que la fuerza te acompañe
  11. @inderdeepsingh502 [1 likes]: I wish we had Charlie help us with Google Ads too as so far i have benefited a lot from his advice😁
  12. @inderdeepsingh502 [1 likes]: Hey Charley, what should we do when a campaign has scaled but for few days the business situation demands to spend less. Does reducing the budget by 50% impacts the performance when you bring it back up immediately after that period to the scaled budget?
  13. @Luc-ot3ot [1 likes]: tell us more about how often we should test creatives ? should we stack everything in the same adset ? how long to keep running ? then should we cut the ads that dont perform ?
  14. @vats132 [1 likes]: what do you think about these Youtubers recommending excluding purchasers from prospecting campaigns. ? for me it doesn't make any sense logically. It feels like going backward
  15. @shahramsohail9459 [1 likes]: Absolutely obsessed with the way you talk and explain things, its so good. You are my second most favorite to listen to after Kasim Aslam
  16. @jansherimtiaz353 [1 likes]: What if my Inventory is unique and changes every time? Like second hand cars. What will be the best structure?
  17. @Raaddig [1 likes]: So just to clarify — the old structure of separating TOFU, MOFU, and BOFU into different ad sets is basically dead now, right?
The right approach is to put all creatives (that speak to each stage of the funnel) inside the same campaign and ad set, and let Meta figure out where each person is in the funnel?
Also, do we still need a separate retargeting campaign to reach people who added to cart but didn’t buy, or does Andromeda handle that automatically too?
  18. @kniyht.power3 [1 likes]: Hey plz add Arabic audio track to your videos if that possible, thanks.
  19. @jesusmiguel1560 [1 likes]: i got laid off today for going against the grain - doing less work via your method. the team was burning $$$ because we were testing out hundreds of ads, and while doing so, our unit economics were taking a hit. 

eve tho my campaigns were doing really good, the other campaigns were doing terribly, and we lost $400k last month alone.
  20. @CTtheDisrupter: 👉 Apply to Work With Me 1:1 - https://www.disrupterschool.com/MBA?c...
Join my Newsletter here - https://www.disrupterschool.com/Disru...

- Meta Andromeda Update Explained: Why Your Ads Are Behaving Differently in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Meta is killing your old targeting strategy. And if you haven't figured out Andromeda yet, this video is going to change how you think about running ads. Everyone in the marketing world is talking about Andromeda. It's innovative. It's annoying. It's brilliant. It sucks. What you're going to think about it is for you to decide. But here's what it does. Before Andromeda, Meta worked by grouping people into audiences. You'd define who you wanted to reach. Meta would find the people that fit that description and push your ad to them. Simple enough. Andromeda flips that model entirely. Instead of starting with audiences, it starts with the individual. It looks at the person's real-time behavior signals, their intent, their engagement patterns, what they've been doing, and then asks, "Out of all the ads available, which one is this specific person most likely to respond to right now?" Then it serves that ad. That's it. That's the whole thing. Individual level prediction at scale. Now, here's something I think every advertiser needs to hear. performance marketers who have sat down with Meta in the last few months. People who have actually been in those rooms, they all come back with the same message from Meta. Flood Andromeda with as many creatives as you can. Not improve your targeting. Not heighten your audience. Just give us more creative variety to work with. That's Meta's own advice. And when the platform itself is telling you that, you better listen. So, here's the problem. Most brands are still running the old playbook. They've got one or two polished ads, maybe a handful of variations, and they're hoping the algorithm does the rest. But under Andromeda, that's not enough. If you give the system limited creative variety, it has fewer options to match to different people. It learns slower. It fatigues your existing ads quicker and your rorowass starts to slide. Not because your product is wrong, not because your budget is wrong, but because the machine is starving. The brands seeing mixed or declining results right now aren't losing because Andromeda is broken. They're losing because they're not giving it what it needs. So, what does it actually mean? Variety, but not random variety. Purposeful variety. And that's where persona marketing comes in. Think about it this way. You probably sell to more than one type of person. A protein brand doesn't just sell to Jupy Bros. They sell to the gym girly, the busy professional, the new mom trying to get back on track. Same product, totally different motivations, totally different fears, totally different reasons to buy. Before Andromeda, you could get away with one message and lean on targeting to find the right people. Now the targeting is less important. What matters is whether your creative speaks to each of those people individually. Andromeda can match the right ads to the right person, but only if that ad actually exists. So the move is to get to know each persona better. What's their top goal? What's their biggest pain? What's their objection? What proof do they need to trust you? Once you have that, the hooks write themselves. your opening lines, your testimonials, your offers, they all become specific and believable instead of generic and forgettable. Experts recommend starting with three to six personas. Fewer than that and you collapse into generic messaging. More than that, and it becomes hard to keep updated and actually operational. Now, let's talk about what happens if you ignore all of this. It's not that your ads stop working overnight. It's more gradual than that. Your top performers start to fatigue faster than they used to because Andromeda is testing more aggressively. You launch new creatives, but they don't get enough spend to generate real signals because the system prefers ads with existing social proof. Your CPMs spike, your rowass dips, and it feels like volatility. But it's actually just the system working with insufficient input. Try starting your car without any ads. The advertisers who are scaling right now aren't necessarily spending more. They're producing more. More angles, more hooks, more personas consistently every week. That's what keeps the pipeline healthy and gives Andromeda what it needs to keep finding new winners. And this is exactly what we're focused on at Bow right now. Building tools that help brands keep up with that creative demand without burning out their team. Our script generator is one piece of that. You drop in your product URL and it generates four databach scripts. Each written for a different buyer persona, each optimized with current performance data. It's designed to take that blank page problem off your plate and get you into production faster. And it's available now in Bose's Creative Ops. It's a fantastic starting point for building the kind of creative volume Andromeda wants. Andromeda isn't something to be scared of. It's actually a better system if you know how to feed it. Give it personas. Give it variety. Give it a consistent pipeline of fresh angles. Do that and the algorithm works for you.

- How to Get High Ticket Clients with Meta Ads (Post - Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how you can get high ticket clients from Facebook ads. Now, I've sold millions of dollars worth of high ticket coaching and services using Facebook ads. And I've done it all using the exact same very simple strategy that I'm going to show you in this video right here. See, most founders think they need complicated funnels and a bunch of bells and whistles to get high ticket clients from Facebook ads. But actually, the most simple strategy is the one that has worked best for us. So, I've spent years and a lot of money trying to figure this out, and I'm just going to break it all down for you step by step in this video right here. So this is actually just a really quick screenshot from one of my clients uh just earlier this month. So we got him set up with this funnel at last month and you can see his actual first month he had a 2.9 rorowaz. So coming out first month and you're actually making some money. You're not you're actually profitable in your first month. That's pretty good. And then his new campaigns are a 5.7 rorowaz u for this month. So like things are going really well and it's all just using this one same funnel. So what is that funnel? The funnel is a VSSL sales call funnel. So, the reason that I find that these work the best is it's just a very simple way to speak directly to people who are already looking for what you have to sell and you can present your offer and what you can do for them in a video. If they're interested, they can book a call and if they're not, they can move on. And so, what this does is it helps pre-qualify and pre-ell the right people to actually getting on your calendar so that you can sell them over the phone. and the people who are just tire kickers or time wasters, you can get them out of your sales process. Couple other things that I really like about this funnel. One, it gives you a really great feedback loop because you're actually getting people on the phone to sell them your high ticket offer. You can not only sell people into your program over the phone, but you can also learn from every single call that you're taking. So, you're hearing from people about what they like about your messaging, what they're liking that they're hearing uh in your in your in your marketing and what they're hearing from other people. you can hear what their objections are to joining a program like yours or your program and all of that becomes gold when it comes to actually trying to improve your marketing over time. The other thing is it's just really easy to manage a funnel like this. So unlike again like a low ticket offer or a webinar or there's all these moving pieces and you're just kind of looking at numbers on a screen to figure out what's working. In this case you just run an ad um usually video ads work really well, image ads, video ads, all of that stuff to a landing page. that landing page just presents people with what is the opportunity um and what is the unique mechanism that you're going to use to help them get that outcome that they want. So these pages are typically super simple. It's like a headline, a sub headline and a button to move forward with a little bit of information about who you are and how you can help people. Then this is what does most of the heavy lifting is the video sales letter. So this is a video that just digs into what is their pain, presents them with the outcome that you can help them get, walks them through your plan. So what is your unique mechanism to help them get there and then shares a bit about your philosophy so you kind of connect with them on like who you are as a person and and how you're different than other people and then pushes them to book a call. So really what we're doing here is we're just selling people on who you are and what you can do for them. And again, the thing that I think makes this so powerful is the actual call to action itself is to book a call. It's not to pull out their credit card and buy something. It's to book a call with you or someone on your sales team. And so that makes the ask much easier than if you were trying to go to like a webinar where you're trying to convert people on the actual presentation. Like you need to be really good at webinars in order to do this. In this case, you just need to be able to convince people to get on the phone with you. Um, and then you can actually do the selling over the phone. And so that's what makes these really effective. And then again, like I said, those sales calls become amazing feedback loop for how you can improve your marketing going forward. Once they they like, you know, if they like your video sales letter and they click on this little button down here, we just take them to an application that asks them a series of qualifying questions. And if they're the right fit through the filters and all that stuff, we can just let them actually book a call right in the application. So, this is why I really like Type Form is like they don't even have to leave the application anymore. They just answer some questions. If everything's the right fit, all the filters go through. Um, then they can actually just book a call right there in the application. They don't even have to leave. Um, so that makes it really, really streamlined. And then we get to the actual thank you page. And this is where like, um, one of my mentors told me this and I think this is just a great way to think about it is like up until this point someone is in scanner mode. you know, they're just kind of going through. They see your landing page. They see your big promise. They see the outcome you can help them achieve. They like to move forward. They watch your video sales letter. Nobody watches the whole thing. Very few people watch the whole thing, but they see your headline. They watch a little bit of the video sales letter. They get sold on who you are and what you can do for them. They go through, they felt the application. They pick a time. Now, once they get to the thank you page, now they're actually in like the mode of they're going to evaluate if this is something they really want to take seriously and if this is something they really want to show up to. So, we actually use this process between when someone books a call and when they actually show up to the call as a time to educate our prospects. So, you can see here, this is an example of a thank you page. We've actually got a bunch of videos and social proof on here. And then we follow up with personal text messages. We follow up with a bunch of emails. We run a bunch of retargeting to them because we want to make sure that when they show up to this call, one, they actually show up. We can help increase show up rates with this kind of thank you page strategy. And two, we can actually help increase their likelihood to make a decision on the call because we provide them with the information that they need in order to move forward. Also, I'm sure you know like if you're selling high ticket at all, like someone shows up to your call, they're checking out you, they're checking out like three or four other programs. And so, we want to make sure we're giving them the information that they need to evaluate us and make a good decision. Otherwise, they're just going to go do that research on their own without us. They're going to find a bunch of stuff on the internet. We're not really sure what it is. So, we like to use this time between when someone books a call and when they show up to really make sure that they have all the information they need to make an educated decision on the call. Now, when it comes to actually running ads, um these are like a pretty simple framework that we have found to do it. So, if you've heard of like any of the marketing talk about like the stages of awareness, the absolute easiest way to start advertising is to speak to people who are solution aware, meaning like they're already aware of solutions in the market. you know, they're maybe already checking out other programs and then while they're checking out another program that does something similar to yours, you can show them an ad that talks about your story and your unique way to solve this problem about what makes you different, but you know, you're already speaking to people who are like in the market to purchase a solution like what you offer. So, you're not trying to go out and like educate people about why they should even be considering you, but you're just assuming that all these people are probably like already searching for other solutions like yours and we just want to sell to those people in the very beginning because those are the easiest sales to get. So, we want to start to those speak to those like solution aware kind of inmarket audiences. And the ad that I find works really well is just like make sure you call out to your audience. Um, have a hook. So like grab their attention and then we just kind of want to agitate the problem a little bit, you know, like start out with a hook, agitate the problem a bit, introduce you or whoever is the authority and talk a little bit about like who you are and how you came to discover this solution that you found. Talk about the problem that you solve. Talk about your unique solution and at the end make an offer to move to the next step. And the move the next step is just click on the ad and go to the landing page. Right? We don't need to sell them on your entire program in the ad. We just need to sell them that you understand who they are. you can help them solve a problem and you have a unique way of doing it that's different than all the other ads that they're seeing right now about this same thing if you'll just follow this framework. Uh this works extremely well. And then I've got another video I'll throw up in in I think this corner up here where I'll show you like some of the ways we package these up. But like this framework works exceptionally well. And then when you actually go set this up in the ads manager, pretty simple. Um we just set these up as a leads campaign because we want to optimize for conversions. we don't have a purchasing event happening immediately after someone clicks on the ad. So like we don't want to optimize for sales, we just want to optimize for leads. We want to optimize for conversions. If it's a brand new campaign, we might actually have to optimize for leads. But typically over time, what we want to do is we want to train Facebook on who is a good qualified call. So we want to train people who are like just getting to this thank you page. They make it past the lead stage. They make it through the application. They make it to the calendar. They actually book a call with us and then they hit over here. and we want to optimize for this event over time. But in the very beginning, you might not have that kind of data. So you just optimize for leads. So again, just at the ad set level, you know, you just want to optimize for a website event. Choose your book a call event or your lead event if you're just getting started. You have zero data on the pixel. But we usually just want to optimize as deep in the funnel as we can. And then the strategy that we've been using for our campaign setup is we have one campaign. We have three adsets where we're testing different audiences. We just have a big interest stack, kind of the more the marrier. A big lookalike stack. Again, the more the marrier. Then we just have a big broad audience. And then inside of that we have seven to 15 different ads. And inside those ads we have a variety of themes, messages and visuals. So we want to have different ad copy um speaking to different pain points have different hooks. And then we want to have a variety of visuals and we want to have some images. We want to have some videos. We want to have some shorter videos. We want to have some longer talking head videos. All of that just go in the same ad set. So these are all just ads that are popping up. Uh these are all the exact same ads in each adset. This is how we will launch. And then once we get our campaigns going, we typically see that this right here starts generating calls. And then from there, we can actually move forward and start optimizing. So that's it. That's like really this full simple setup on like how we run this whole process. And again, like this works exceptionally well. So this is a different uh screenshot from a client of mine who just got this set up. Um and he had his first sale come through. So he was super stoked. It's an amazing feeling when you get someone who's never heard you before to like click on an ad and then just pay you money. Um, and so like that's a really exciting time since he sent me this message. I think he he uh he closed five more of these sales. So like this funnel just works exceptionally well, especially if you are trying to get high ticket clients through Facebook ads. So if you want to be selling more of your high ticket offers using Facebook ads, I would definitely check out this strategy right here. If you have a different strategy that's working for you, please just drop it down in the comments below because I'd love to test it out. And if you want some help implementing this exact system, check out the first link down in the description. Other than that, if you want to see exactly how we run ads to this type of funnel, I've got a video right here popping up that's going to show you exactly how to do that. So, that's it for this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gavinwiener [1 likes]: When you say optimise for as deep as in the funnel as possible, would we not in theory optimise for Purchase/Sale every time in that case?
  2. @George_Lempesis [1 likes]: Thanks for this Brice
  3. @KrouzTV: Hey Brice ! Thanks for the video ! :) 

But what about the budget optimization of the campaign ? Did u choose a CBO Campaign or a ABO with 33% / 33% / 33% of the daily budget on the differents ad sets ? Thanks :)
  4. @mrrashid160: Brice, you have created great content. I want to do free intro video editing for one of your future videos. 
I want to show you how much more interesting your video will look if you do advanced-level editing! How can we contact you?
  5. @TribesMovement: Even if you sell a $3k+ offer, the Cost per Qualified Call for this funnel is CRAZY