- This Is Why 90% Of Facebook Ads FAIL: Kind: captions Language: en ninety percent of facebook ads fail from working with hundreds of companies running thousands of facebook advertising campaigns over the last five six years i can very confidently say that the vast majority ninety plus percent of all facebook ads that are launched are not profitable in this video i'm gonna explain why and explain what you can do about it and if you found that your facebook ads just aren't working or if some are working but you feel like they could be working better others aren't this is a really really important video okay so why do facebook ads not work why are so many advertisers not seeing profitable results it really comes down to this or this is at least the first thing you have to get right if you do not have an offer the offer the thing that you're wanting your prospects to buy to sign up for whatever it is if that is not better than 90 of your competitors your facebook ads are almost certainly not going to work and a lot of facebook advertisers fall into this trap because they first get started on the platform and they copy what they see they take a look at perhaps other businesses within their industry perhaps other businesses in different industries and they go okay well whatever they're doing i'm going to try that here's the problem particularly if you're new if you haven't got much presence within your industry if there's not much brand awareness your more established competitors that you're seeing advertise can probably get away with offering less enticing things at the beginning because people know like and trust them that's the whole point of having you know brand awareness and presence within industry if you're getting started and you don't have that you need to go above and beyond with your offer in order to convince people to go okay i'm going to try them out i'm going to try out that company that's a much bigger step than i already know that company they've got an offer on let's go ahead and purchase now when i talk about offer i'm not just talking about price discounts and things like that i've got seven different techniques of how you can come up with fantastic offers and we're going to get to those in a minute but before we do that it's very important that you understand this concept of you have to stand out from the crowd and you have to go above and beyond what your competitors are doing for the most part if you want to see good results even if you want to see profitable results particularly if you're just getting started and really this is one of my most important pieces of advice that i give to facebook advertisers is there's no point doing tons of research into your target audience and um getting really nice images created for your ads or hiring a videographer if you haven't worked out high quality enticing offers in the beginning that is the very first thing that is the pillar that you need to get right that then makes so everything else so much easier so much easier now of course you do need to have all the targeting set up correctly and fantastic ad creative and all that stuff great headlines if you want the best possible results on the platform but a fantastic offer will make up for you know some mistakes within the campaign setup there's no campaign set up there's no brilliant campaign structure that's going to overcome a poor offer remember you're advertising to real people if they aren't going oh that's fantastic i have to try that out i really want to do that your results are just not going to be that good okay that's how important the offer is right so how do you create an amazing offer as i said it's not just a monetary discount i've got seven different techniques seven different um thought processes we go through and thinking how can we get how can we create an offer that is much better than our competitors we're going to go through those okay the very first thing is have a better product or service can you innovate perhaps you already have where you've added some functionality to a product that makes it better perhaps where with your service you're able to deliver a better quality job you're able to get better results you're able to to deliver something that is better than your competitors and that you can demonstrate that it's better than competitors in an ad style format as i said could be an added feature to a product could be something that makes it easier to use could be with a service just doing a better job having more attention to detail delivering for all that sort of stuff right can you provide better quality than your competition that's a fantastic way to have a better offer second one obvious one price can you offer a better price point now a lot of businesses are reluctant to do this but particularly on the front end if you can blow away your competitors by acquiring a whole bunch of customers um and not making a profit maybe even making a loss initially because your price point is that good it as i said blows away your competitors that allows you to build a massive customer base that then allows you to remarket to those people and you can that's a very successful long-term strategy if you can remarket to them get into purchase again and again a really heavy discount a price point that is significantly better than your competitors um to cold audiences people that haven't interacted with your brand before is going to convince a lot of them to go well that's a fantastic price i've got to try them out and then once you get through the door you can deliver a fantastic customer experience show you how good your stuff is you get them coming back again and again and again that's a a tried and tested very obvious way so those two are very obvious ways to come up with a better offer you can apply that to product or service um but there are some other ones right can you beat your competitors in terms of delivery or installation can you get it all set up for them in their home depending on what it is can you do it faster than your competitors amazon have been this has been one of the key points that they've worked on um for decades now is really really fast delivery well can you be faster than your competitors this will apply more if you're in an industry with relatively long lead times if you create bespoke products or things are shipped in um on an individual basis and you know i think we bought a sofa the other day it was like a 16 week lead time like that's not great if you could massively improve that lead time well yeah you're gonna win um you're gonna win business away from your competitors that's a sometimes an easier way to gain a competitive advantage with your offer get it installed get it delivered much faster or do more for them if your competitors aren't really installing for them perhaps you can go ahead and do that for them okay next one number four is better ongoing support and maintenance again this will apply to certain businesses and not others but instead of having getting people to buy like a warranty package or whatever perhaps it's all included perhaps you'll include a a six month or annual checkup for the first three years on whatever it is that you sell perhaps if it's a service you'll include some sort of support where people can get in touch with you and ask questions about it or if they've got any issues they can reach out depending on what it is you offer that can make a huge difference to the quality of what you offer a lot of people in a lot of businesses are worried that they'll pay for something and then they're just abandoned and you know let's say you're getting a website made for example a lot of people would be worried that they get a company to create a website for them and then they don't they have issues with it six months down the line there's updates and whatever and they don't know what they're doing and they're just sort of left and they've got to pay a whole bunch to get access again if you can offer that ongoing support that's a better offer okay number five and this is a really interesting one that i think a lot more businesses should think about is can you offer a better payment plan financing option etc there's lots of particularly expensive products and services that people would like to purchase but can't afford to do so if they have to pay for it all in one go if you can offer a financing package that could make a huge difference you could massively increase your customer base because they're going oh well i can't afford you know three grand all in one go but yeah i could pay uh 80 a month for however long it works out to be that sort of thing um that is that can be a complete business builder we've worked with businesses that their whole business model is just based on the fact that their financing package is so good makes it so much more affordable from their customers and that's a fantastic offer that as i said has built an entire very successful business okay at number six is better bundles is particularly important in hobby style industries where perhaps someone's getting into it and they're going uh what do i buy there's so much equipment there's a who knows what's good what's not and it's a put up for them if you can be like look this is the ultimate starter bundle for fly fishing for example we've got you a nice starter rod we've got a bunch of flies we've got some lies all the stuff that you need for fly fishing that can be a great offer because it it reduces the uncertainty it really helps your customers out and they just go okay great that's easy i just take a lot of that fine let's go they just want to get started they don't want to have to spend days researching which is the best individual thing a great bundle can make a big difference obviously when you're bundling you can also often um offer a really competitive price because there's that much more in it and the final one number seven um again is probably something that's not thought about enough is can you have a better design better stylized usually products can sometimes apply to service with branding and things like that but usually product than your competitors perhaps it's just as good perhaps it's priced similarly or maybe even a bit more expensive but you can get away with that because the thing just looks great it it feels elegant it feels luxurious the packaging is designed beautifully we can all think of businesses apple's probably a great example people argue on functionality but a lot of the reason why they're able to charge more than their competitors because of the the whole the whole branding the design that goes around with the products right that can be a way to get a competitive advantage and have okay our offer is great we're not winning on price we're not winning necessarily on quality we're not willing winning on all these other things but our thing just looks awesome you just see pictures of it you see video of it you just think i just want one of those it just looks great right so those are the seven i'd strongly encourage you to take a bit of time and go through each one of those and think okay um does this apply to my business can i use this can i use this can i go through them all and really take some time to think about this and you might come up with some stuff that then allows you to put that into your facebook ads on the front end put that in front of your cold audiences and you might see a halving of your cost per conversion we do this all the time as i said the offer is the most important thing obviously once you've got that sorted you can then go on to a lot of my other content around facebook ads tutorials around you know finding great targeting options and and things all along those lines there'll be a few links in the video description to other videos that i'd recommend you watch next before you go something i want to quickly mention and that's our facebook and instagram advertising services my company lead guru is a facebook and instagram ad agency specialist facebook instagram agency we create manage and optimize campaigns for our clients and if you're interested in getting better results from facebook we can almost certainly help you achieve that we do have a 3k per month minimum budget requirement but if you meet that criteria or you're about to scale up to that level then you can go ahead and book a free call with one of my team members there's a link in the video description below just click through go ahead and get that and get that booked in and um hopefully we get a chance to work together just an informal chat we can find out more about your business you can find out more about our service and um and yeah if you enjoyed this video please give it a thumbs up please comment below to let me know feedback is always appreciated and i'll talk to you guys soon thanks bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlowerRFabulous [4 likes]: You’re the first one to not waste my time and to actually be HONEST. Every sentence you say is packed with information. THANKS
  2. @jerry-suhrstedt [3 likes]: Ben, I agree, agree, agree.  I've been a marketing consultant for over 25 years.  Once had a client with a local wine shop where customers could make their own wine, have a wine label designed and then purchase a case of wine they felt proud of.  They could brag to their friends that they made the wine, bottled it, and it even had their own name on the bottle.  Cool concept.  So we had a party to do some wine tasting with local business owners.  Every single person at this focus group poured the wine down the sink!  Even though the wine was free, they didn't even want to take any home.

In other words, the wine store's offer was very bad out of the gate.  So now I had to have a conversation with the wine store owner how no amount of marketing, discounts, nothing would allow him to be successful.  I told him that he had to go back to the drawing board, do some serious research and really learn his wine-making craft.  And fully understand "HOW" to make quality, good tasting wine.  He still didn't quite understand what I was telling him... so I told him that your wine tastes like dog crap.  And no amount of gimmicks are going to get you repeat business. 🤣🤣🤣🤪🤪🤪
  3. @photoeducationbydaniel [2 likes]: I think if 90% arent working then it's likely the platform ripping people off ;-) I'll give you a perfect example. I had a trusted facebook business page with a over 44k followers and ran ads for 1000's of dollars each month and the performance was sub par! I had maybe 1 or two purchases from running these ads. I lost that access to my facebook profile and the business page and had to start over again. I stopped running ads and just posted to my new page and pow went from 1 or two purchases a day to 6-8 purchases a day without any ads. I personally think facebook are seriously ripping people off in terms of ads
  4. @clyclenggg [1 likes]: How come you provide so much value into your videos? You’re a treasure Ben!
  5. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @solomonaregbe9994: Thank you Ben
  7. @ayathamed4077: You really kno what you talk about! perfect content and information.
  8. @jhonsanchezv: Thanks so much for these videos. They have helped a lot to get better results in my company!
  9. @filip_funnels: great
  10. @martinamoller3578: Dear Ben, thank you for all your amazing videos. How would you however create a good offer if you work in healthcare and you're not allowed to do it by law? we are a dentist clinic and are allowed to advertise that we exist but not to make discounts or offerings, which ofc wouldn't make sense also. We try to advertise through good imagery and storytelling/testimonials. What would your suggestion be here? thank you
  11. @euniceamede: Thank you for the detailed training.
  12. @blossomark6619: hI ben thank you so much for all the detailed videos , i am new business and want to increase followers and likes etc for trust factor , which video would you recommend for business like me to watch to increase followers and for brand awareness. thanks
  13. @johneso: How can I increase my Facebook daily ad budget without losing my ad data such as likes, comments, and shares?
  14. @eliraner1: I think this is the best advice I've ever received!
I'm shocked that this video is not the number one watched
Just amazing
  15. @sushilrawat874: Hi Ben Need a help for an ad i am running for Canada client.
  16. @mostakimursaki3581: Thank you Ben. This video is a gem.
  17. @eugeniamikulan3328: But this is all based on a client that is very careful with their money... What if I'm selling an e-commerce product for people who don't care do much? My product is premium dog accessories
  18. @realcorkdan: higher aov is the way to go ✅
  19. @alirahman2845: Thank you for sharing this Ben! 
Really helpful video
  20. @rachedkotti6014: Hi, when i want to advertise, I put in my target audience the UK, all genders and age between 18-35 and the estimated daily results is maximum reaching 2k. Do you have any idea please why it is so low? Is it related to ios14? Any solutions please?

- I Found Why people FAIL at Facebook Ads ❌ (10 Reasons): Kind: captions Language: en I've seen the ad accounts of many advertisers over the years, and there are some common mistakes or problems they definitely make that do n't yield results. In this video, I'm going to share those exact problems with you, so that in case you're going to run an ad, you don't repeat those mistakes. So, make sure to watch this video until the end, because almost everyone makes the last mistake. So, let's not waste any time. Let's go straight to our first pointer. Number one, if a user is repeatedly seeing your ad, which you've created with the same ad creative—for example, if they see the same ad three to four times a week—they might engage with the ad the first time, but the next time, they might think, "I've seen this ad before," and then they don't engage. In such situations, your cost per conversion or cost per click goes up significantly. And the reason is simple: your ad starts fitting. This means you're not changing your ad creatives at all. You create an ad creative for a month, and then, as long as it's performing well, you're letting it run continuously. You're not even checking how many times a particular user is seeing your ad. The more a user sees your ad, the higher your costs become, which costs you a lot of money. At the end, you don't even get results. So, your first goal should be to check your frequency cap. Make sure that a person is seeing your ad only once a week, which is why their ad is n't fitting. Optimizing ad creatives and continuously changing them is a very important part. Many advertisers keep using the same ad for years without making any changes. In such situations, they do n't achieve good results. So, your number one priority goal should be to It should always be refreshing your ad creatives. Number two is audience segmentation. Now, many advertisers that I have personally seen never segment their audience. Suppose you have an e-commerce business, many people are just viewing your website, many are viewing product pages, someone is adding an ad to a card, some initiative is taken. Now, whenever you run ads, for example, you have to run retargeting ads, and in that, you are showing an ad to retargeting users, and you are running another ad where you have a different ad creative. Now, it can also happen that the ad you have created for retargeting users is also being showcased to your second ad. What happens in such situations is that if the same user starts seeing many ads, then the problem of ad fitting arises. After seeing one ad, he might be thinking of converting, but after seeing so many ads, he starts thinking of converting and then he starts seeing spam and then he Finally, he decides why so many ads are showing up and he will get irritated and will not purchase from you. So, you have to make sure that you segment your audience. There should be a separate segment for ad-to-card users, separate ad creatives, separate segments for initiatives, separate ad creatives because if you show different ad creatives and ad copies to different users, then your chances of convergence also become very high. Now let's talk about our number three pointer. Nowadays, many people are saying that you should do broad targeting, you are getting better results from it and I definitely agree to that, but this does not mean that you should blindly start doing broad targeting and take such a big risk because what happens in most of the situations is that I recently looked at the ad accounts of many advertisers, look at their data to see which one is giving you the best performance because many advertisements run only on the basis of one targeting or They will either just broaden or just run Advantage. You have to mix and match everything. It is possible that creating custom and local i audiences will bring you more results. So, first of all you have to test all these things and then see which interest-based targeting suits you the most. Now let's talk about our number four pointer, which is the learning phase. Now I have explained very properly what the learning phase is. If you want to learn about it, you will find a detailed video about it here on the i button. You can go and check it. But if you make too many changes in the learning phase, then your ad goes back to the learning phase. In such situations, a lot of your budget is wasted and you are not able to get good results. So, you have to make sure that if you are running any ad for the first time, then let it get at least 50 conversions. After 50 conversions, analyze its results and see whether it is performing well or not. What is your CTR cost? But what is purchase, what is cost per lead and after that decide how that ad is performing for you because many advertisers run the ad for two days and at that time it is in the learning phase and after two days they think that the results are not coming, not a single sale has come and they close it or make some changes in it and it goes back to the learning phase, so you also should not make this mistake, let it come out of the learning phase, let it get at least 50 conversions, after that decide whether you want to make changes in that ad or not, now let's talk about number fifth pointer, your goal should not always be to get people to purchase or convert people into leads, after a particular period of time, delivering educational content and entertaining content also becomes very important and this mistake is made by most of the advertisers, their only goal is facebooksignup.in how can you nurture it yourself now Tell me, have you seen an ad from a brand where they're not selling you anything, but telling their story or a customer's story? What happens with that? An emotional connection is built, and even if that audience converts later, it does n't happen in that particular period of time. If you do this, it delivers good results over a long period of time. So, make sure you start focusing on such content today. Whether you run it in ads or post it organically, you ultimately have to do this. Now, let's talk about the next pointer: not testing your ad creatives enough. I recently attended a conference where I met an agency owner, and he told me that he tests 40 to 50 ad creatives a month for one of his clients, and the more ad creatives he tests, the better the results he gets. This is where many advertisers make the mistake of testing only one or two ad creatives a month and that's it. We will let it run but it is performing well like this. Now let's talk about the next pointer that we never paid attention to the landing page. Now suppose we have facebooksignup.in. Don't always focus on ads. The landing page should be well optimized, specifically optimized for mobile because most people browse on mobile. Along with this, if you are in e-commerce then your product page should be an initiative. From the ad to your landing page, you have to make it so smooth that the user does not face any problem in doing anything. Let's talk about the next pointer. You have made good ad copies and ad creatives, but the ad copies are not good. First try to understand the combination of both. Your ad creative forces people to stop and see what the other person has posted and your ad copy forces people to take some kind of action. Now for example, my ad creative is very good, but I did not write anything like this in the ad copy. So that the user goes to my website, then due to bad ad copy you can get very bad results, so you have to make sure that you write top notch ad copies. I recently wrote about what should be facebooksignup.in and many more advanced strategies. So if you are also thinking of investing in your learning, then there is a link to the video course in my description, you can go and check it from there. The mistake that I am going to tell you is that almost all advertisers make this thing because no one pays attention to this thing. Now you have launched an ad, let's say it is performing or not, but you never check what comments are coming from the users on it, is anyone liking it or not. Suppose someone is looking at your ad and there are 10 comments saying that it is a spammy product, it is not a good product, it is too expensive, they have not done a good job, bad reviews, that means overall you have received all the negative feedback and all the users, even the new ones, are looking at it. If they are seeing this comment, do you think you will get convergence from here? Definitely not because people connect with people. If they see their negative reviews, they too will not want to purchase from you. So you have to make sure to always keep watching your ad and keep optimizing it. If someone is making a negative comment, then either delete the comment or try to improve it and avoid negative feedback. Because if it is there, then check your Ads Manager on a daily basis and see what all needs to be refreshed. The more you keep refreshing your ads, the more you keep making them better, the better results you will get. If you also avoid these common mistakes, then you can double or triple the results of your ad campaigns. If you feel that this video has helped you even a little, then like the video. Currently, we have almost 5 lakh subscribers and we are aiming to complete it at 2 lakh as soon as possible so that we can get all the updates related to digital marketing. I will always cover

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrrubel8841 [11 likes]: 1. Ad unique user frequency 
2. Audience segmentation 
3.broad targeting
4. Learning phase ( let it learn at least till 50 conversion)
5. Giving time to make awareness
6. Not testing your ad creative enough
7. Seamless Landing page
8. Ad copy
9. Quick responding ( deleting negative comments, replying, etc )
  2. @pushpendrasingh-ss2np [1 likes]: Mam apki agency ka name batao bcoz apko har video me log puchte h bt aap koi rply nh karte ho
  3. @asthaagrawal6060 [1 likes]: Please make content on meta ads for B2B brands
  4. @dhruvchouhan4181: Are you already running a business,
or still trying to find a channel that brings clients?
  5. @raselhossain9739: Hello , i m rasel hossain Rafel. i told from bangladesh, i need your help for learning meta marketiing expert .
  6. @younismalik730: She is just talking, even if you want to contact, she never responds, making money for herself not for others
  7. @rahulnegichd: Nice info
  8. @Tutorforyou56: Agr budget kum ho client ki trf se to testing kese krein thora guide krde plz
  9. @NabeelAli-d7o: bht bolti ho ap hahaha
  10. @higuys-rw8ru: Hi, I am not able to see the Trial option in my Instagram page. Could you guide me how to get that?
  11. @Gamezonexyz-q3n: Mam i need your help i am not getting any sales please help me regarding this
  12. @Akash-a8x: Hi 


I Have No Gst number 
In Facbook page advertisement process
  13. @ZamanDesigns1: i learned so much from you, than you
  14. @hassanmuawia1: Mam jab mein ne 3 adsSet banaye or 3no mein different creative thy or interest b different rakhy thy lekin os se audience overlap ho rhi thi jis se cpm or cpc high tha or conversion nahi mili. ap is par ek video bana kar guide kar de k audience overlapping se kesa bacha jay or creative or audience ko target karny ka best way kon sa h
  15. @Pruthvidigi: Though my digital business  teaches everything , I still come to your website to get more information. Thank u
  16. @label_nayshas9: As u said we shukd change the creatives atkst 10 times in a month to test which is better, bt u also said v shukd not touch the campaign before it's 50 purchases competition,  nd vat if v r not getting 50 purchases in a week then can we still change creatives or wait for it to complete 50 purchases. Nd til how long can we wait! Bcz i have been running ads since 6 months for my apparel ecom business bt hv never got 50 purchases in a week til now plz suggest what is to be done!
  17. @ZarHash-345: Slam ma'am 
From Pakistan 
Ma'am want to contact you?...
  18. @quotesnaveedcreative8395: nice ... thanks... Love you sweet teacher
  19. @yazdan-saifi: Qs- mistake#1 

If we make a new creative and we are also not going to make any change in our good working adset, then for sure we will launch that creative in a new adset.

So in this case we will have to keep the interest and audience same in that new adset so that-one perticular user can see a new variant of our ad.

Am I clear mam?
  20. @SAQIBSHEHZAD-k6i: Very informative 
Thanks Mam ❤

- The Real Reason Your Facebook Ads Failed: Kind: captions Language: en If you have ever tried Facebook ads, spend money, and walked away thinking, "This just doesn't work for me." I need you to stay with me for the next few minutes because what I'm about to share might completely change how you see that experience. Hi, I'm Fernanda. I'm a certified Facebook and Instagram ads expert and the founder of Feb Marketing. And today, I want to talk to you about something I see constantly, and it genuinely bothers me. Smart, capable business owners who tried Facebook ads didn't get the results they hoped for and concluded that the problem was them. It wasn't. The problem was almost certainly the approach that they were taught. Here's what happened in the Facebook ads world and why so many people got burned. For years, the standard way to run list-building ads looked like this. You build a landing page, you drive traffic to it, you set up a thank you page, you install a pixel, you connect to email platform, you make sure everything is integrated and working perfectly. And only then, after all of that, you could actually start running ads. That's a lot, and especially a lot if your ads don't work as well as you hoped for. That's multiple assets, multiple platforms, multiple things that can break. And if one piece wasn't working correctly, your results suffered and you had no idea why. Now, I know this because I taught in that way, too, and I've run ads like that myself. That was the standard approach, and for a while, it worked. But here's what nobody talks about openly. Every time you send someone off Facebook to an external website, Meta penalizes you for it because you are taking the user away from the platform and they don't love that. So, they charge you more for it and sometimes significantly more. Which means people were running complicated ad setup, paying premium prices to send traffic off the platform and then wondering why their cost per lead was so high and their results were so disappointing. No wonder it felt hard. No wonder it felt expensive. The system itself was working against them. I experienced this first-hand, even as an expert in a competitive niche, doing everything the right way. My own cost per lead kept climbing. That told me something had to change. Meta updated how they rewarded advertisers. They now give better results, lower costs, and more reach to accounts that keep people on the platform, not pushing them off it. That is when everything shifted. Lead ads, as they collect someone's information without them ever leaving Facebook, became the simplest, most cost-effective way to grow an email list. No landing pages, no pixels, no complicated integrations. The user sees your ad, taps it. Their information auto-fills and they subscribe in seconds. Meta loves it. Your cost per lead drops and the whole process becomes accessible to someone who has never run ads before in their whole lives. I tested this approach myself for months before I taught it to anyone. I wasn't willing to show my clients something I hadn't proven worked myself and the difference in results was genuinely hard to ignore. One of my clients is a business coach, one of the most expensive niches you can advertise in. She had already tried ads, she had hired agencies, and had taken all the courses. And still, her cost per lead was high, and her lead growth was painfully low. When she switched to the simpler approach, she started getting leads for under $3 each. In her own words, she had never seen results like this in over 12 years of business. Not because she suddenly became better at ads, but because the strategy finally made sense. If ads have felt hard, expensive, or frustrating before, please hear this. It is very likely not you. It is very likely the approach you handed. An approach that was either too complicated, too outdated, or simply not aligned with how Meta actually works today. Okay, let's do the following. Next time you're scrolling Facebook or Instagram, look out for a lead ad. You know, one of those ads that that promote a freebie in exchange for your email address. Grab it. See how frictionless it is, how you never have to leave the platform. That is the experience your future subscribers will have. Simple, right? I hope I'll see you in the next video.

- Why Most Realtors Fail at Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en If you're a real estate agent and you are just struggling to keep your pipeline full, then it's probably not because you're not working hard enough. It's likely because you're relying on hopebased marketing like door knockocking, cold calling, sending out mailers. While these methods work, they have one huge disadvantage. They don't allow you to easily track the results and track the data so that you can make a better decision moving forward. What I want to show you today is how to move away from some of these outdated old methods and move into infrastructure marketing, which allows you to build a trackable and scalable business. And what we're going to be covering in the uh second part of the video is going to almost guarantee an ROI if you implement this right, but almost everybody messes this up because they're just not consistent at it. My name is Jonas. I'm a coach here at Guerilla Realy and a real estate agent and I've helped agents move from old outdated systems into infrastructure marketing helping them implement these scalable and trackable systems which part of I'm about to share with you today. So what does this look like? There's three parts to this. First, we need a lead magnet. Then we need a conversion engine. And then we apply the scale lever. We also teach a full 1-hour webinar on one of my favorite infrastructure playbooks, which is the Facebook Marketplace playbook. In this webinar, you get the scripts and we'll walk you through the exact step-by-step process um that you can execute that day to start generating leads. The link for this is in the description. So again, starting with the first one, the first thing that you need is a lead magnet. All right, starting with the first part. This is a lead magnet. A lead magnet is essentially something that your ideal audience wants and you give it to them in exchange for their contact information. Now, the key thing here is to place this lead magnet in spots on the internet where people are already actively searching. I see too many agents starting to brand themselves. And the problem with this is again while this works, you want to go into places where the intent is already high. So if you place your lead magnet in these places, then the chances of you getting high intent leads is much higher than doing it in places where people don't go to, for example, search for properties. And the best approach for this is starting with a simple property. We already know that people that are interested in real estate search for homes, right? This is a logical step that each of um these potential leads take to fulfill the need of finding their property. Now, we can copy this exact strategy from the giants, right? Sites like Zillow, Homes.com, Realtor.com, they use the same playbook, generate leads for you, and then sell them back to you at a high fee. And so if that was me, I would be starting with a property that I know my target audience is interested in and I would put it into places where people are already searching for those properties. Right. Second and most important part of this is going to be the conversion engine. A lead comes in, how does that lead get treated? The answer is the same every single time. This helps you to collect more data. You will find out what works. you will find out what doesn't work. And once you've identified good patterns and again the consistent implementation here is so key because you need larger sets of data. This is very hard to do with traditional methods where you're picking up the phone or with mailers because you simply do not have a close eye on every single um step in the process. When you send out a mailer, you will only get a phone call back from someone that's interested. You do not know how many people opened the mailer. you do not know how many people read that mailer, right? So, you're missing data points that in infrastructure marketing you can adjust and improve your results. This is key and this is why you have to treat every conversation the same way so that you can improve the conversion rates at the bottom of the funnel when it comes to getting the appointment and then actually meeting someone in person. And now the third piece is the scaling lever. This is where you take what is already working and then pour gasoline on the fire. You can either do this through adding some ad spend to your organic um lead magnet ads that are already working or you can do this by simply taking your current um system and applying it to a different lead source, right? Because you already know that the engine that you've built around one of these lead sources. Again, my example with listings already works. You can take this exact same system with an attention magnet or lead magnet, putting it out into places where people are already searching and then apply a new inbound logic, right? A new conversion engine because of course the conversation with, for example, an inbound lead that came through a website where people are searching for properties and a for sale owner is going to look different. But the me the mechanism, it doesn't really change. lead magnet, conversion engine, and then the scaling lever. So, what I would do if I was starting today, I would stop all the interruption marketing immediately. Um, you can worry about that at a later point, but I would move all my efforts into infrastructure marketing that allows me to track, make educated decisions on what I'm tracking, and then scale based on what already works. Um, the 1-hour webinar that we teach goes over a specific infrastructure playbook, which is our Facebook Marketplace playbook. Again, we teach the entire step-by-step process. We give you all the scripts so that you can walk away and implement this um, essentially today. All right, that's it for this video today. Um, if you found any value in this video, go ahead and uh click the like button below and then comment with what you are currently doing to track your efforts because without data, you are not able to make educated decision on where your business should

  Top Comments:
  1. @motocross37 [1 likes]: Have to be able to track where you've been to know where you need to go and how to improve! Love it
  2. @Jocristian [1 likes]: Big 3 components for any successful ad campaign

- #1 Reason Why People Fail With Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to tell you the number one&nbsp; reason why people fail with Facebook ads and how&nbsp;&nbsp; to fix it I'm actually going to show you a screen&nbsp; recording in just a minute on exactly how to fix&nbsp;&nbsp; it but the number one reason is poor interest&nbsp; targeting people I see all the time do not know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to Target the right people they don't have a&nbsp; small enough audience they're not doing a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; different things properly and we're going to look&nbsp; and this is a secret technique that I found out&nbsp;&nbsp; you can actually see people that are advertising&nbsp; to you you can see why they are advertising to&nbsp;&nbsp; you you can see the specific demographics that&nbsp; they picked you can see the type of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; that you're in with them and one of the common&nbsp; themes this is another little tip before we get&nbsp;&nbsp; started is that a lot of people are either doing&nbsp; retargeting because you visited their site which&nbsp;&nbsp; works extremely well or they're targeting you&nbsp; because you're similar to a customer list that&nbsp;&nbsp; they have so let's jump into to Facebook ads&nbsp; and I'll show you how you can see why people&nbsp;&nbsp; are targeting you and how to fix your interest&nbsp; targeting the first thing I wanted to show you was&nbsp;&nbsp; this neat little trick on how you can basically&nbsp; steal your competitor's targeting information&nbsp;&nbsp; after I show you this trick which is just&nbsp; absolutely amazing I'm going to show you how to&nbsp;&nbsp; fix your interest targeting so the first thing is&nbsp; I'm in my own personal news feed and I can scroll&nbsp;&nbsp; up and down and I can see all these posts now some&nbsp; of these posts are just natural posts and some&nbsp;&nbsp; are advertisements and as you scroll it's pretty&nbsp; obvious sometimes which ones are advertisements&nbsp;&nbsp; like this one first off it says sponsored but&nbsp; as you scroll it just becomes pretty obvious&nbsp;&nbsp; that one does look like an advertis as well it&nbsp; actually isn't which is interesting enough but&nbsp;&nbsp; the thing that we'll do this little first trick&nbsp; is to click here and say click why am I saying&nbsp;&nbsp; this ad so first off you know it's an ad because&nbsp; it says sponsored and if you ever wonder well why&nbsp;&nbsp; are they targeting me or why is my comp competitor&nbsp; targeting me uh or this certain demographic click&nbsp;&nbsp; there click why am I seeing this ad so let's look&nbsp; at this so you're seeing this ad because basically&nbsp;&nbsp; I've visited their website so they want to reach&nbsp; people who have visited their website previously&nbsp;&nbsp; and people ages 18 or older so that's their only&nbsp; criteria basically this is remarketing and I love&nbsp;&nbsp; remarketing I think it's one of the best rois&nbsp; it is the best Roi on Facebook advertisement so&nbsp;&nbsp; let's look at another advertisement down below&nbsp; I saw one right here why am I seeing this ad&nbsp;&nbsp; workplace by Facebook a more connected company is&nbsp; a more productive company that seems really random&nbsp;&nbsp; why am I seeing this though one reason seeing&nbsp; this is want to reach people who are a part of&nbsp;&nbsp; Their audience created based on data provided by&nbsp; DLX Facebook works with data providers to help&nbsp;&nbsp; businesses find the right audiences for their&nbsp; ads so it's people age 21 older who live or&nbsp;&nbsp; recently were in the United States okay that's&nbsp; probably not the best targeting I'd be curious&nbsp;&nbsp; to see what their rois on that ad let's continue&nbsp; to scroll down and see if we can find some other ads think ific grow your business with online&nbsp; course we can help start for for free now this&nbsp;&nbsp; is interesting I have an I have a business and&nbsp; I'm interested in online courses why am I seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; this ad let's see what their targeting is one&nbsp; reason you're seeing this ad is they want to&nbsp;&nbsp; reach people who are similar to their customers&nbsp; now I want to I want to highlight this again&nbsp;&nbsp; they have a customer list already and they've&nbsp; fed that into Facebook and said hey I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; see more people who are similar to my customers&nbsp; I'll show you how to do that in just a minute&nbsp;&nbsp; but there also said people that are ages 25 to&nbsp; 54 so if you ever see your competitors ads I'd&nbsp;&nbsp; look at that information what age ranges are they&nbsp; targeting and you may want to Target the same age&nbsp;&nbsp; ranges so now let's jump over into Facebook ads&nbsp; and look at how we can actually specify down our&nbsp;&nbsp; interest targeting so now we're in the Facebook&nbsp; ads manager and let's say we were creating a new&nbsp;&nbsp; campaign here I'm going to go actually a new adet&nbsp; technically and we had to build a new audience&nbsp;&nbsp; with new audience in or used a new audience&nbsp; how would we do this so I'll show you what&nbsp;&nbsp; most people do and I'll show you how to fix it&nbsp; most people go way way too wide and they might&nbsp;&nbsp; say let's say 25 and I'm doing a fake ad for&nbsp; my performance nut butter company so they might&nbsp;&nbsp; say people 25 to 65 plus because anybody over 65&nbsp; loves nut butter and they may do something like&nbsp;&nbsp; detail targeting includes one thing I've&nbsp; done before is people that cycle cycling I can't spell today I can't spell any day&nbsp; but today is just more obvious so cycling&nbsp;&nbsp; and they'd say you know they'd say all&nbsp; men and women that's fine so that's 21&nbsp;&nbsp; million people that is way too broad&nbsp; but maybe they're smart and they did&nbsp;&nbsp; something even a little bit more specific&nbsp; like performance let's see if performance cycling or maybe even&nbsp; triathlons might be a good one so that's only 5 million people that's a little&nbsp; bit more narrowed down still way too broad so&nbsp;&nbsp; the first thing I would say to do to fix&nbsp; this is let's take this all the way down&nbsp;&nbsp; to 50 that's still probably a little bit too&nbsp; uh too wide of a range so okay that narrows&nbsp;&nbsp; it down to 4.5 million people what you can&nbsp; do here is Click exclude people or narrow&nbsp;&nbsp; audience so I like narrow audience and I think&nbsp; that's a very valuable too so people that like&nbsp;&nbsp; triathlons there's two different things about&nbsp; this one that's way too broad one thing that&nbsp;&nbsp; you might want to consider is people that&nbsp; like things that people that run triathlons&nbsp;&nbsp; actually use so maybe there's a type of shorts&nbsp; maybe there's a type of swimsuit maybe there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something specific like that because I I know&nbsp; a lot of people that like the idea of running&nbsp;&nbsp; a triathlon but never have in fact I'm willing to&nbsp; bet 4.5 million people in the United States have&nbsp;&nbsp; not run triathlons so that's the first thing you&nbsp; can do is look at what is something that people&nbsp;&nbsp; that run run triathlons actually use and then&nbsp; target the people that have liked those pages&nbsp;&nbsp; the next thing is you can narrow it and so okay&nbsp; people that like the idea of running triathlons&nbsp;&nbsp; and are also on a Paleo diet let's say so what I&nbsp; actually need to search is Paleolithic and then&nbsp;&nbsp; Paleolithic diet even though everybody I know&nbsp; calls it the paleo diet Paleolithic diet is&nbsp;&nbsp; the correct Facebook targeting so now that 4.5&nbsp; million gets cut in half or more than half so&nbsp;&nbsp; it's down to 1.9 million people still probably&nbsp; a little bit too broad you might want to think&nbsp;&nbsp; about other ways to narrow down as I said maybe&nbsp; it's instead of doing triathlons it's looking up&nbsp;&nbsp; something that people that run triathlons like&nbsp; so maybe Iron Man let's try Iron Man and that's&nbsp;&nbsp; still probably too broad but I'm just trying to do&nbsp; a quick video here Iron Man okay so I think that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the wrong kind of Iron Man Iron Man magazine now&nbsp; we're talking boom 36,000 people that's great so&nbsp;&nbsp; what we can do here is that's maybe a little bit&nbsp; too narrow I usually try to aim for around 200,000&nbsp;&nbsp; people we can say okay people that like Ironman&nbsp; magazine and are part of the Paleolithic diet or&nbsp;&nbsp; the keto that are interested in ketones that's a&nbsp; something if they're interested in ketones they&nbsp;&nbsp; may also be interested in my product they're&nbsp; also interested in the cyclical ketogenic diet okay that's going up a little bit and so what&nbsp; I'd go through is name all the different types&nbsp;&nbsp; of diets because my product is a nut butter&nbsp; product so not only and it's performance Nut&nbsp;&nbsp; Butter so it's geared towards athletic people&nbsp; that are also interested in uh a healthy diet&nbsp;&nbsp; so what I might do instead is because that's&nbsp; only slowly going up I might also say people&nbsp;&nbsp; that are interested in Men's Health Magazine&nbsp; and now that's starting to be maybe a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit too broad okay that gets it up to 130,000&nbsp; people so I can say people that like Iron Man&nbsp;&nbsp; magazine or Men's Health Magazine and also and&nbsp; also are part of the cyclic uh also interested&nbsp;&nbsp; in the C cyclical ketogenic diet ketones and&nbsp; Paleolithic diet so that's the first thing so&nbsp;&nbsp; the next thing we're going to go over is actually&nbsp; how to do the next thing we're going to quickly&nbsp;&nbsp; go over is how to upload a customer list and&nbsp; create a lookalike audience and this is what&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of very successful Facebook marketers do&nbsp; they give the data to Facebook and they say hey&nbsp;&nbsp; these 1,000 people have already purchased from me&nbsp; can you create an audience list that is similar&nbsp;&nbsp; to these thousand people and Facebook says they&nbsp; have a vast amount of information they say okay&nbsp;&nbsp; people in the past that have similar likes to&nbsp; the people on your customer list here's a list&nbsp;&nbsp; of a million of them and then you can start&nbsp; marketing towards them and you can take that&nbsp;&nbsp; list and you can also narrow it down so let me&nbsp; quickly show you what that looks like you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go up to here going to go to all tools&nbsp; go to audiences go goe and leave this page that's fine going to click create an audience and&nbsp; a lookalike audience is what you're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; want so the source uh let's go to Performance Nut&nbsp; Butter page countries location yes that looks good&nbsp;&nbsp; yes go to show Advanced options here you can look&nbsp; at some other stuff so instead of the Source just&nbsp;&nbsp; being a page you can actually click create new and&nbsp; click create a custom audience create an audience&nbsp;&nbsp; of existing customers and then you're going to&nbsp; upload a customer file and this could just be&nbsp;&nbsp; an Excel spreadsheet or uh you can import import&nbsp; it from MailChimp you can actually just copy and&nbsp;&nbsp; paste a bunch of emails that you have so I've&nbsp; already done this and so once you're finished&nbsp;&nbsp; this is what it's going to look like so I have&nbsp; this lookalike audience here and it's two million&nbsp;&nbsp; people but what I can do and I'll show you this&nbsp; really quickly as well is I can take that audience&nbsp;&nbsp; and I can actually make it even more selective&nbsp; so let's go ahead and go here go back to ad ads manager create a new ad set so I'm going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; that big custom lookalike audience that&nbsp; I have so click used use a save audience oh actually actually my apologies click custom&nbsp; audiences that's uh something slightly different&nbsp;&nbsp; we can go over in another video so here's the&nbsp; lookalike audience I have here and as you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; 2.1 million people way too broad and that's let's&nbsp; try narrowing it down let's go change the age range so it's already starting to narrow&nbsp; it down and then I can go through and I can&nbsp;&nbsp; create interest targeting so maybe this one&nbsp; is once again people that are interested in triathlons so these this is 400,000 people that&nbsp; are similar to my already existing customers that&nbsp;&nbsp; are also interested in triathlons and you can&nbsp; continue to narrow this down further play with&nbsp;&nbsp; this as you go but this is a great fix for how to&nbsp; get over the number one mistake that most people&nbsp;&nbsp; make and that number one mistake is poor interest&nbsp; targeting I hope that video was helpful and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want more information I actually have a checklist&nbsp; you can get for free it's in my e-commerce success&nbsp;&nbsp; pack get for free by clicking up here but if&nbsp; you want even more information I'm about to&nbsp;&nbsp; launch a Facebook ads course where I dive in&nbsp; deep it's everything beginners need to know&nbsp;&nbsp; about Facebook ads and it's specifically geared&nbsp; towards beginners if you're already a successful&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads marketer this course is probably not&nbsp; for you but if you're looking to go from 0 to 60&nbsp;&nbsp; as fast as possible you may want to check out&nbsp; this course and like I said I'm about to launch&nbsp;&nbsp; it so I'm going to be running discounts on it you&nbsp; can click up here to find more information about&nbsp;&nbsp; that course and if you enjoy this video make&nbsp; sure you click that subscribe button make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; you click that like button and if you have any&nbsp; questions leave it in the comments down below I&nbsp;&nbsp; answer every single comment every single question&nbsp; that comes in here I read and personally answer so&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you again check out the checklist the course&nbsp; subscribe and I appreciate you watching this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasonyang5288 [2 likes]: Hi,
I want to run an ad to give out my products with decent discount. but it seems that leads is way too low. should i increase the daily budget or adjust the targeted audience?
  2. @brucemason4297 [1 likes]: Excellent! Most people do not realize the importance of selecting the right audience. Thank you!1
  3. @UmaRichmond [1 likes]: Thank you!!
  4. @pspragun [1 likes]: So basically we should not have a broader audience but a specific audience ranging between 2 to 4 million or if there is a specific number for that please do tell me. I don't have a business but I am running a new page that I started a month back which is basically for a social cause in India. What type of targeting would you suggest for this?
  5. @user-vm9jv4lq2t [1 likes]: 7000 audiences sent to for adds no clicks on websites does that mean I’m doing something wrong
  6. @WilliamRockseo [1 likes]: Thank You
  7. @m-savant5508 [1 likes]: great video.cheers
  8. @darrelcheong8369 [1 likes]: Hi there Viren, great video on how to set up a facebook ad, am wondering if you can make a tutorial on how to create effective ads, I am recently trying to help a design firm to promote their business, as for content, we have a website, images and videos all ready to go. My question will be what are the proper steps for me to take to make this promotional campaign most effective?
  9. @belaidamri [1 likes]: Hi
I have questions about when you do dropshiping how to ship worldwide ? as you know epacket is just to ship for us !
Thanks for your answer
  10. @TravisMarziani: Want To Work With Me & My Team?
▶Book Your 1-1 FREE Strategy Call Here: https://start.travismarziani.com/?utm_source=youtube&utm_campaign=facebookadsfail
  11. @greedformoney4405: I dont think he even use the pc behind him..
  12. @valzubiri: ouch facebook is rejecting manychat  right now.
  13. @MotoVloggerBuddy: OMG ! you are really incredible.. I learnt too many things in just this 12 min video..Amazing work just subscribe ur channel..Just one quick query how can I improve my relevancy score ?? Thanks in advance .......have a nice day....
  14. @jaimeone1: question i ran an ad for the first time... but i think i did a traffic target and not a conversion ad one where the purchase and not just like my post.... Im getting lots of likes on my ad but no purchasing lol is there a link that helps me change those settings?
  15. @GoldfishLiberty: hey thanks for the insight but I have a question! My product is yoga pants....what if I target people interested in lets say lululemon? and narrow it to yoga pants? I've used fb audience insight tool to narrow the demographics for age, gender, language/location
  16. @AmyMadeIt: Great Info! Thank you for sharing! I would love to work with you! Do you do any kind of coaching? I recently launched my boutique and I need all the training I can get. I am determined to go from 0-60!!!
  17. @eco_guardian: Is there a good time or day of the week to run test ads?
  18. @purpleday4379: Lame!
  19. @cupidbercero: Hi do you have make money online niche facebook ads tutorial?
  20. @ajchuan2396: hi , may i know how to connect facebook fan page to ad . i currently face this problem "We have trouble accessing your pages"

- No, Seriously. Facebook's New Algorithm Just Changed Everything: Kind: captions Language: en No, you're not crazy. Facebook ads are getting even harder and I have data to prove it. Since the Andromeda updates have come out, I've spoken to hundreds of seven, eight, and even nine-figure brand owners, and everyone is saying the same thing. Our ROAS is all over the place, our winning ads are dying in just a few weeks, certain ads are getting very little spend if none at all, and overall, we feel like we've lost all control. So, what's actually going on? Is Facebook dying? Well, after analyzing the 100-plus brands that we work with across every single category, I've aggregated the data, and I believe I found the two core reasons why Facebook is changing so much. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the data, explain what's really changed, and then I'm going to show you the playbook for 2026 Facebook ads. To understand what's happening now, we need to go back into the middle of 2025 when the Andromeda update was officially released, and that's just about when everything broke. See, at this point, we heard the alarm bells. We started to see spend shift into places we don't normally see that spend. We started to see ROAS decline and shifts happen in ad accounts that we've never seen before. I also saw hundreds of YouTube comments asking for help on what to do here. This was an unprecedented algorithmic change that no one expected to drop. Now, here's the thing. Most brands are not going back to the summer of 2025 because they had a good fourth quarter. See, the pure volume of buying behavior in the fourth quarter has somehow clouded the messiness of this algorithm. It's made brands think that what they started to do in January is actually the reason for the drop-off, and not what's actually happened over 6 months ago. So, the big question is, did Meta change for the worst? So, on my screen right here is a ridiculous data dump. This is thousands of rows in a Google Sheet. I've plotted it out, I've deduced down the data into a few simple charts. Now, in this first chart right here, we have placement share by month. So, each of these key placements, which represent around 95% of the total spend across the accounts that we run, keep in mind this is 100-plus brands and around $70 million in total ad spend. We start with the blue line, which is our feed. This is Facebook feed and Instagram feed combined. You're going to notice this is the lion's share, and yes, it actually dips a little bit, but it's still dominant. The purple pinkish line is Instagram stories, the orange line is Facebook Reels, and the green line is Instagram Reels. Now, at surface level, this doesn't look to tell us much at all. Really, all we're gathering here is that there's a little bit of downturn the feed, maybe, and a little bit of uptick in Instagram Reels. And so, it's not until you isolate the data that you can just see how crazy the shift has actually been. Take a look at this chart. This uses the exact same data, but plots everything on a percentage change relative to the beginning of the year. So, if you take a look at the Instagram Reels placement plotted in green here, you can see a massive surge towards the second half of the year. This lines up exactly with the Andromeda update. In July of 2025, Instagram Reels grows 26% relative to the previous 6 months. It continues that trend all the way through the beginning of 2026. Look at this chart when we isolate it. This growth is absolutely insane year over year. In total, Instagram Reels has grown, based on this chart right here, over 38.86% since January of 2025. To put that into perspective, that is more growth than Bitcoin in the last 5 years. And it actually doesn't end there. Instagram Reels are getting cheaper, and everything else is getting more expensive. See, we know the cost of advertising goes up every single year, but it's very odd when you see a placement actually decline in spend and get cheaper while other placements continue to rise. So, if we start here on our newsfeed, this is Facebook and Instagram newsfeed. Feeds increased in price 24.3%. They went from an average of 32, 34 to $40 right now. Not to mention Q4 was a bloodbath where we had 42, 45, and $46 CPMs. Next, Instagram Stories increased as well. We saw CPMs go from around 14, 14, 14 to around $18. That's a pretty big jump, around 12.1% when we look at the evergreen periods from January compared to this January as well. Facebook Reels, Facebook Reels also increased year over year a whopping 25.5% from $10.96 all the way to 13.76. And again, Q4 was higher as well, $14 and $15 CPMs. On the other hand, Instagram Reels has basically moved in the exact opposite direction. So, don't take this 9% as just a 9% drop. This is a 9% drop while everything else increased 20%. Instagram Reels started the year around $12 in CPM with some months, according to the brands and the data that we have, of $13 to $14. We see fluctuations around $12 most of the year. Post-Andromeda, we start to see a decline. $12 goes to 12.70, 11, 9.96, 12 again in Q4, 13 in Q4, and all the way back down to 10.87. We are seeing a decline in cost of running Instagram Reels. So, at this point, we should very clearly have established that the algorithm change has moved. We have seen a shift in user behavior, we've seen a shift in how ads are placed, and now there is a different opportunity than there was just a few months ago. Now, if you've had one of those accounts that's overly controlled with using things like everywhere or having multiple campaigns all for different breakouts, then you're probably in a world of hurt. On the flip side, if you have an overly simplified account throwing everything into one or two total campaigns, not putting proper exclusions in place, no breakdowns, and no control, then you're also probably feeling this algorithm. See, the point here is that we have to have control in our ad accounts, and I want to double down on that point with what I believe is the second core issue. And this one dates back a full year ago. Now, keep in mind, this is aggregated data. So, what I've done is I've taken 10 brands that we started to work with in Q4 of 2024, and I want to show the very clear impact not that we've had in terms of the performance, but that we've had in terms of gaining the control back. And then, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. In this chart, we are looking at ad spend by audience type. Now, the three audience types, what I like to call swim lanes, are new audiences. These are new customers that have never purchased from you before, engaged audiences, which are people who haven't purchased but have maybe been to your site, interacted with you on Instagram or Facebook, and then retention, which is your existing customers. And you could see these breakdowns right here. Prospecting is the purple line, engaged is the blue line, and existing is the green line. Now, the purpose of Facebook ads is quite simple from my perspective. You want to drive profitable net new acquisition. So, when I see overspending in certain places and no ability to control that spend, I get very worried for brands. Here's what I'm seeing in this data. First off, keep in mind, we took on these brands in January of 2025. So, the data that we have for the first 3 months is before we implemented our system. I also want to mention that when we add up prospecting, existing, and engaged, we're spending $50 million over the course of this data. This is not small amounts of data, this is $50 million in total ad spend across a cohort of businesses. Before these brands started to work with us, and the trap that most brands fall in is they're overspending on engaged and existing customers. So, we can see prospecting in this case, we spent $1.7 million, $2.9 million in November, and $3 million in December. Excellent prospecting spend. What starts to freak me out is just how much engaged spend there is in these accounts. Check out engaged. We spent $1.1 million, $1.3 million, $1.7 million, and then in January, these lines almost crossed where engaged spend was so ridiculously high that there was really almost less prospecting spend than engaged spend. Now, once we fully were able to implement our system, you're going to see a massive drop in the engaged line. You're also going to see a slight drop in existing customers. And what's crazy is that we didn't just take this spend and throw it into prospecting. We were able to drive more total business profit because that's the most important metric by spending less and having a little bit more control on who we're targeting. So, instead of letting the algorithm do its thing and spend freely and massively into engaged and existing customers, where at some points they were almost as much as prospecting, we took back control, and you could start to see that trend clearly February onwards. In almost all cases, we spent less overall money and acquired just as many new customers into the business. Take the following November and December for example. Let's use our peak month of December 2025. We spent $2.9 million in prospecting across these brands, we spent 486,000 on engaged, and 425,000 on existing. If we compare this to the previous year, we spent $200,000 less on existing, and $1.2 million less on engaged in 2025 compared to what the algorithm was freely doing in 2024. In total prospecting spend only differed by $50,000. So, what does this all mean, and what should you do about it? So, this comes down to a core system where we need to gain as much control as possible, but still allow the algorithm to breathe. What I like to focus on first is a prospecting CBO campaign. This is a singular prospecting campaign that has multiple packs or ad sets all with 7-day minimum budgets for every new launch. The minimum budgets are only launched for 7 days, and then after those 7 days, they are paused down, and the ad set continues to run freely. What this does is guarantee spend on that specific ad set, that new round of creative you launched, without forcing too much spend on testing creatives like in an environment. So, you eliminate any possibility that your new ads won't get any spend. The second thing we do is we group our creatives by avatar and concept. Now, avatar and concept grouping is pretty complex. Building your avatars is one of the most important things you need to do in the Andromeda era. I have full avatar training, concepts, guides, templates, literally everything A to Z, so that you can build your avatars, everything from AI prompts to actual templates to build your own inside of my school community. You could join, there's a link down below in the description as always. Building avatars is critically important here because that's how you're going to group your creatives and actually think of things as a cohort. Instead of thinking of creative one versus creative four, you're now thinking about how does my avatar as a whole and the concept as a whole function? These are now groupings of ads. And what this system actually allows us to do is have value rule controls and budget controls at the ad set level while also operating in a CBO system that essentially puts the best and most amount of spend to the best ads in the account. The second must-have campaign is a retention campaign. You generally need to break out your existing customers from your new customers. So you saw in the line that we had here where existing customers were spending more and more and more every single month until we intervened when they became fairly stable for the remainder of the entire year. See, the reality is you don't need to overspend on your existing customers. You've already acquired them. Why are you spending the same amount to make them buy again and again and again? You shouldn't. And then finally, we now have an optional retargeting campaign. The optional retargeting campaign is because we now need a trigger event to determine if we're going to use retargeting or not. Let me show you a very clear example of a trigger event. If my engaged audiences were absolutely ridiculously spending so high, almost touching the amount that I'm spending on prospecting, to me that is a clear indication that I'm likely overspending on engaged audiences. In that case, I'd very clearly break out my retargeting and have clear swim lanes in my ad account. What this would eventually create is clear prospecting for new customers, engaged audiences for retargeting, and then existing customer targeting in my retention campaign. The second thing we need to focus on post-Andromeda is avatars and concepts. Now back to this chart. We've seen a massive surge in Instagram Reels. How do we actually react to this to make sure the right people are being served our content? See, from my perspective, it's not too complicated. The algorithm a basic algorithm to a for you algorithm. Just like organic social media works, that's now how ads work as well. So when you swipe a few times on your phone and all of a sudden you're on a totally different topic just because you watched something for one extra second, I know everyone can relate. That is exactly how ads work now. And just like your organic content, your ads are served to specific avatars. We're no longer interest targeting nearly as much as we used to. We're definitely not using look-alikes nearly as much, and we're all focused on broad because the algorithm is smart enough as long as you give it the tools to target the right people. That tool for just about everyone is to target a very specific avatar using a very specific template. I'll show you what this looks like for brands that we're working with right now for the creative that we've produced. Each of these concepts targets a specific audience, and every single time we focus on an avatar that successfully works, the next thing we want to do is build as many iterations as possible of the successful concepts targeting the specific avatars. And what we've noticed is that every avatar and concept tends to perform in a very different way. What most people do in old-school Facebook is they would see this bottom set of ads, and they would see a 4x return, and they would strike out and pause everything above. That is absolutely the wrong thing to do. Instead, what we need to focus on is what ads can actually scale above our target KPI. Whatever that KPI is. The KPI is just an efficiency metric that leads to profit long-term. So in this example, let's say we're targeting a 2x return on ad spend. We're going to work bottom to top. The first ad concept can only spend $100, but it does so at a 4x return. That's great. Continue to allow it to spend. The second can spend $300 at a 2.9. Great, above our target, allow it to spend. The third can spend 400 at a 2.3. Great, continue to allow it to spend. And then finally, we have one key winning concept that only can return just at our target at a 2x, but it could spend $4,000 at scale at a 2x. What this does for the account is allows the account to grow overall because each of these concepts and audiences are unique. Not all are as scalable as each other, but in total, this leads to us hitting the target that we have in mind. Okay, look, I know that was a lot of information, but I really wanted to share the aggregated data from the over 100 brands that we work with, that we've helped scale in the last year. And if you're watching this video and thinking, "What the heck am I going to do?" I want to put you in two different paths. First, if you're a brand that's actually trying to scale, you're spending $20,000, $30,000 a month, and you just feel lost to get to that next stage, or you've seen results diminish since this algorithm change, then there's a link down below or you can go to the moonliters.com/apply. And on that page, we'll take you through a few questions to see if you're actually a fit to work with us. From there, we'll go through a full audit process where I personally will audit your account and my sales team will present the findings. Or if you're not at that stage yet, you're not spending 20, 30, 50, 100, 200,000 dollars a month, and maybe you just want coaching and consulting advice, then go to school.com/facebook. The link will be down in the description where you can join of over 400 members. I do live Q&A's every single week, and I put the most up-to-date information inside that program. That's all for today. I hope everyone got a ton of value out of this, and I will see you all very, very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NINguem202X [8 likes]: social media is Dying. Nobody watch ads anymore.
  2. @9gdnrj3283c [4 likes]: Love the idea of the 7-day minimum spend rule in the CBO
  3. @Esimagic [2 likes]: Anytime I do "broad", the results are worse than if I do specific audiences. You're not the first expert I have heard say "go broad", but unfortunately it doesn't work for me and just wastes all my money.
  4. @Wonderlaust [1 likes]: Went from 10x roas for over a year straight to 6-7x since March, any new ad I launch has terrible performance sub 2x
  5. @royl8903 [1 likes]: I love Sam's method and use it myself, but this is just another angle of his M3 method lol, just saying.
  6. @DigitalMediabyPatrickMcIntyre: Good luck newish creators and businesses. FB thinks Organic is a bad thing now.....idiots. Ai will TELL you what to think based on whoever happenes to be online the first couple hours.....so yeah bot audience is always online.
  7. @DigitalMediabyPatrickMcIntyre: Wtf were they thinking....
  8. @CHRISTIANNETWORKUSA: Charts chains look at this new chart chain. Did it happen could it happen charge change the hell 20 minutes wasted not a single answer.
  9. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l152
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l152
  10. @ariawetz: Well, that was cool. I didn't understand it much. I got lost so much in this video. But thanks for making it!
  11. @markgawargy5150: How do you increase budget of prospecting cbo without resetting learning phase while adding adsets to the same cbo?
  12. @johannlovessmt: am i the only one killing it on meta rn? 5-8 roas consistently with 1 creative video that has been active for 3 months.
  13. @robgha01: Leave facebook never use them thay are scammers bans account for no reason 0 support not a consumer friendly platform for buisness or private persons leave find better
  14. @nowtube12: Is this the case why cm tool earning are daying?
  15. @Gutenbert: andromeda is NOT a new update. beware of gurus saying it is. it has been announced on december 2nd 2024. 

Don't confuse seasonality with algorithms adapting to creative quantity available.
  16. @fglionut85: Zero leads lately. Interractions from outside the geo targeting. Target USA, get Indian, Pakistani and Vietnamese likes.
  17. @fitfanaticss: Okay i thought something was wrong with my store?
  18. @filmingyu6623: Hey Sam, is it ok to turn OFF and pause an entire CBO campaign then turn it back ON again after 30days? Does it lose data and go back to learning or does the campaign pick up wins again right away?
  19. @Jogo_1771: Just stopped wasting money on meta until something changes again. Now my ad costs are lower than ever lmao
  20. @HHHYYHY: Hi Sam, I am currently revamping my strategy according to your method. Just quick question, in the beginning, is it okay to run only prosepcing campaign without retargeting campaign? I am worried that without retargeting campaigns, there won't be enough motivator, which might lower overall efficiency. What do you think?

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- Facebook Ads Have Changed in 2026! Here’s the NEW Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, in today's video we will see what is that new way through which you will be able to run your campaign well on Facebook. How to create a proper campaign structure. So in today's video I will tell you the entire concern, that too regarding sales campaign. If you are selling any product here, this is only a concern for that. This is not for lead generation or for the second part of the objective. Only for e-commerce. Right? So let's see how it will be executed. Letts C. Hello everyone, my name is Himanshu Tiwari. Welcome to our W Script Tech YouTube channel. Guys, before starting the video, I have a small announcement for all of you. If you want to build your career in performance marketing or upgrade your skills, then WScript is launching AI powered Performance Marketing Boot Camp program for all of you. Where you will learn about many in-depth platforms like Meta Ads, Google Ads, Analytics, Funnels and that too with live mentors who will be industry experts. Along with this, you will get to do hands-on projects at brands like mzaptoto, gro, boot and many more. So guys, if you want to become a performance marketer in 2026, you'll find the link in the description. Click on the link. Submit your details. Our program advisor will contact you. Guys, you can see, this is my ad manager. Isn't it? And what are we doing directly here? Creating the campaign. We took up a sales campaign. Here we are continuing. Isn't it ? Now I am assuming here that my daily like adspend is approximately 6000. Isn't it? And I have to do testing at multiple levels. And this is a fresh campaign. Meaning there is no custom audience. There's no look-alike audience , nothing. Isn't it? It is from zero. So, what did I do here? Directly took the sales campaign here. We will enter the name of the campaign here. Correct? And then what you need to open up here is the campaign budget. Meaning, the advantage is to utilize the campaign budget. Ok? Don't have to go to Adset. Right? My total budget here is Rs 6000. So I took 6000 here. Correct? Otherwise, I don't have to make any changes here. Isn't it? And what is giving you this option here is engaged audience. Ok? We have to remove all of them from here. You can turn it off from the advanced reporting section. Ok? This advertising settings option that you are seeing, what should I do with this section from here, guys? I will turn it off. So I don't have to take audience here. Ok? For example, here we come to the audience segment and what you are seeing here was the audience. Ok? And from here I removed it and from here I removed it and confirmed it. Right? So like what happens now? The campaign that I am using here, this audience will be removed from here. Isn't it? Because I do n't want to use it. What did I say? I'm doing Edge a Fresh Run. I do n't need any custom audience or look alike. I do n't need any audience. Now look, this has been removed here. Ok? So after moving away, we come here to adset. Ok? Came to Adset. Here on our website. Ok? Maximize value of converts. Ok? Because here if my product size is expensive, right? So, here I will take maximize value of converge. Here, if the product is cheap, then I will take the number of conversions here. Ok? Then data set here I will take my pixel here. Ok? Then the conversion event, my goal is to purchase. So here I took the purchase. Ok? And whenever you setup this campaign, make sure whatever your pixel or like event setup tool is, it should be your setup. Isn't it? Without Setup If there is no setup then you do not have to run this campaign. Right? Given attribution, here we will take standard only. Ok? Rest everything is same here. There should not be an end date. Ok? Now the main concern is what? On the audience. Ok? So here's the first change I'm making. Switching it up for the limit. Meaning the control should be in my hands. Ok? I took the location as pan India. My age group is 24 to 65. Ok? Because I know what age group should be there in favor of this product. Gender is also correct here. I'm not taking custom audiences. In detail targeting, here I will take only luxury goods. Ok? And here in Define Further I have made it Engage Shopper. My whole purpose here is that I want a winning audience here. Ok ? I still have to get a winning audience here. Right? So what have I done inside my Ad Set One? Took on luxury goods and engaged shop. Ok? That's it and after this I will create the ad copy. Ok? Multiple ad copies will go inside it. Be it on UGC videos or images or on Carousel. Right? Now I am telling you this here on the basis of the audience. Ok? Second, this existing campaign, I have to create four adsets here. Ok ? I will have a total of five. Ok ? Here I will do testing on all five adsets separately. Correct? Now this adset number second. Ok? We will give its name here also. Audience seconds. Ok? Now audience, what changes do I have to make within seconds? Here again, Joe Like Audience has an update from an audience. Ok? I will take that here. Ok? Ok? I am removing luxury goods from here and will take like India which has come as income level, guys. Ok? We will take that part here. Went to browse, went to demographics. Household Income and This India Section. Ok? Top 10 Tech 20 and 30 here. Ok? I took these three here. Right? Income wise, right? And again, whatever like narrow I will do, I will do it with engaged shopper. Isn't it ? Then after this we come to the audience third. I named it here Audience Third. Ok? After paying the audience third, right here I will go to specific luxury goods. Ok? I removed this, right? And here I will take people in India who prefer high value of goods. Ok? And again here I took the engage offer. Right? Because guys, I am saying this again and again, I have to get a winning audience. That's why. Ok? And then we'll have audience four, which will be our adset. Isn't it? Now after this I am playing this entire pan India game. Ok ? And then after this now let us come to the audience. Ok? Here I took fitness or let's take parents here. But parents, if I am taking you, then make sure that your age group will also have to be correct. You don't have to keep 24. Isn't it ? So here we take it as per 24. Ok? They take fitness here, here I have taken fitness, okay fitness and wellness, okay and below is engage offer, okay and if along with engage offer, if I also want to take income wise, okay then I will take that also here, like the household income in India, top 10, top 20%, okay, I can take that also here, right, okay, so here I have just taken the top 10% and the ad set that will come at the last, okay, this is the ad set, now what will I do with the entire audience inside this ad set, I will mix it. Ok? Also took luxury goods. Ok? And here India Income. Correct? Top 10% right? After that, are you giving me suggestion here again? Ok. not giving. So here again we search. Ok? Here I took 21 to 30%. Ok? And here I have taken like 11 to 20%, okay, I have taken these three types of income here and let's take one more, People in India who prefer high value of goods, okay, so I have mixed all the audiences and what have I done in the last, Engage Shopper, okay, here I have taken Audience Five, we have put its name, Audience Five, we have put it mixed, okay, now what will happen now guys? Ok? Now this will be my campaign one. Ok? The budget here is Rs 6000. Isn't it? Of Rs 6000. Let us reduce it from 6000 to 5000 here. Ok ? Cross like slightly round in figure. Correct? And now there are five adsets here. Five adsets within one adset, the like ad copies here will be multiple ad copies. Ok? That will be multiple ad copies. Meaning I might use the image in some. Like, should I use videos in some, should I use crosses. Ok ? So here I'm going to go with multiple ad copy here. Right? And I have taken this directly from the bottom of the funnel here. Isn't it ? Because what do I have to find out here ? The winning audience has to be found. Right? What are the major mistakes that performance marketers generally make, guys? That they think we took one audience or two audiences. That's it. Correct? Now running the campaign. Isn't it? The result is costing them dearly. Correct? They are analyzing every day that the results are going up and down. Look what's the first thing, right? You have to give one week's time. First thing. Ok? If you want to scale, do it on weekends and gradually increase your budget by 15-20%. It is not that if today I kept it at Rs 5000 and I got good results, then I directly increased it to Rs 25,000. No, if you make this mistake. Ok? So the result will be zero and your CPR will increase. Ok? The amount spent will also be yours. Exhaust will also start. Correct? So don't make this mistake. You have to start scaling slowly and gradually. Right? That's why we created multiple art sets here. So in this way guys, if you use your campaign properly in a structured format then I am damn sure you will get quality results through which you can generate better ROA. I also show you live insights day to day. Well, the structure which I have told you here today, I also use it myself. It's not that I don't do it. Isn't it ? Here I am showing you a live demo of it. Ok? Now as you can see this is an active campaign. Isn't it? And we have it from 1st November to 14th November. Correct? I am showing you the latest one right now. There has been an expenditure of Rs 46,000. Right? If I show you the Rowas of this campaign here. Ok? So you will see it yourself and will be shocked. Correct? Because if you use things in a properly structured way , then there is no problem. Ok? Here we go to Purchase Rose. Correct? I applied for this. Ok ? Now look here, how much like arrows is there here? The average is 8.19. Ok? Meaning, if the other person spends Rs 50,000, then just imagine how much revenue he would have earned? Getting a point? So like average Rose here, even if it's 8X, it's very handsome. He is very handsome. Getting a point? Ok? So you have to follow these structures. Just if you follow this structure. This way you identify your winning audience and then start scaling. Ok? I am damn sure guys, your like rate will increase very rapidly and your cost of CPR will reduce. You just have to be patient in this. Your ad copy should be good. Your audience should come out winning. That's it, there is no fourth or fifth point apart from this. Right? So guys, I hope this video clears up a lot of your concerns. Many concepts must have become clear. Right? Many concepts must have become clear. Right? So please like, comment and share on this video. I will meet you in the next video. Till then they take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stoicdebates [2 likes]: Do you mean in each adset, we should use multiple creatives like image, video and carousel as well? Right
  2. @AamashMogger [2 likes]: 🎉
  3. @wscubetech [1 likes]: Become the next-gen marketer with AI mastery! Join our AI-Powered Performance Marketing Bootcamp: https://tinyurl.com/mrxh7p6a
  4. @LearnHomies [1 likes]: This is Quite New to Me. 
I'm definitely going to try This strategy.
  5. @imran-l1m2g [1 likes]: you should guide about creative settings, uploading, and other relevant things you divert main information with etc
  6. @Muneervoice27 [1 likes]: Very good point ❤
  7. @tricks4you885 [1 likes]: Sir is mein Audience Overlapping ki condition basakti hain na.
kyn ke apne Aud 5 mein sare audience ko mix kardiya hain. tu adset ek dusre ke saat h compete karrenge aur Cost bad jayega.
  8. @Withdigitaldeepak [1 likes]: If have already been running ad’s for past 1 year then should we add engaging and existing audience?
  9. @miteshraghuvanshi5603 [1 likes]: Lead farm ko excel sheet se kaise attach kare
  10. @fionna7097 [1 likes]: Sir lead, engagement etc ka bhi ek ek alag topics leke ayega please....2026 latest update ke sath
  11. @Amna.offcial3355 [1 likes]: I have applied in your course but no one has reached me
  12. @Professor-x4k [1 likes]: web site mn word wide traffic means k usa canda uk .... very low cost mn ksy lain sir face book ads k tharo plz vide
  13. @remedyurdu: Ager mujhy Ghar bethay Ferozen Kabab Sale krnay hain tu kia main Engagment Campagin chaloun ya fir Sale campaign he chalaoun plz Guid krdien . Thanks

- Facebook Ads 2026: What Changed & How to Run Ads Now: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, in today's video I will tell you three such updates of Meta Ads with the help of which you can improve your advertisement day by day. Hello everyone, my name is Himanshu Tiwari. Welcome to AWS Tech YouTube channel. Guys, before starting the video, I have a small important announcement for all of you. If you want to upgrade your skills in performance marketing or want to build a career then W Skiptech has brought for all of you a Power Performance Marketing Boot Camp Program where you will learn in advance the modules like Meta Ads, Google Ads Analytics, Funnels and many more. So those of you who are interested, you will find the link in the description below. You can book your seat by clicking on the link, through which our program advisor will contact you. So let us see which are those three features which are going to help a lot in the growth of your ads. Let's see guys you can see this is my ads manager. But among these three options, there is one option which you will get only when your ad account here has matured. This means that you will get that option only if you have already run an advertisement there. Otherwise not. The other two options are okay? You will get them in your fresh ad account. But where and how to use them and what do those options mean? You should look at it carefully here. Here I am directly creating the campaign and here we take the sales campaign. I continued here. After continuing, you will first come down to the campaign level. Ok? So here you will get the option of Advantage Campaign Budget. If you use the campaign budget here, then it is obvious that you will also get budding strategy here. Now there is one more strategy update in the budding strategy. That's Ross's return on ad spend. Like in Google Ads, Ross used to come under convert value. Where we used to predict that we want this much result of X. So you can do the same thing in Meta now. But for this you must have a mature account. Only then can you utilize the rose. Otherwise not. So what do you have to do here ? If you click on budding strategy, you will see three types of budding that were there earlier. Highest Volume, Cost Per Result Coral and Bitcap. You can see that there were three types of these. Now another one has come here, he has come every day. Meaning, let's suppose that whatever budget you are using, you can tell Facebook in advance how much minimum ROI you need for that budget, so that your advertisement will perform in a better way. So here I click on Rose. As soon as you click on RS, you will not find any changes here. Here nothing will tell you how much you have to set daily or like how to utilize this option. It won't tell you anything. Where will you get all these options? Inside Adset. So here I come to Adset. After coming to an adset, here first of all you will choose the conversion location as per your choice. Your pixel will appear in the data set. Ok? Here is the Converge API setup. Then the event is, let's suppose I took the purchase here. Correct? Now after this you can see below that this is coming to you here every day. Correct? Now I will edit this here. After editing, how much percentage do I need here every day? Correct? I will say that here. Particularly let's suppose I put three here. Ok ? Meaning I need 3x daily. Let's suppose that if I am spending ₹1000 daily then at least I will get a return of 3X i.e. ₹3000 here. Correct? But now the question arises that how will Facebook predict that 3X likes will be 3000 for you. So it depends on how well you have implemented the tracking on your website. Even if it's a pixel, it should have your standard event and button tracking inside it. Unless your tracking is properly set up, you will not be provided with accurate ROI here. So to use rose budding, the first thing is that your pixel tracking should be very proper. Right? The second point inside this is when your tracking is proper. Isn't it? So you should already have an audience. Meaning that like your event manager, if your audience is maturing there, that is, the audience size of the custom audience is good there, then only you should go and use rasas here. If you have freshly setup the pixel and are running a campaign for the first time, then do not go with rasas because the algorithm of meta will not be able to predict whether the rasas that you have set here will actually be able to give you the output at that level or not. Right, the second update that is inside it, if you come down, you will find the attribution model here. Isn't it? Now many people get confused that Sir, the attribution model is seven days, one day, then one day , meaning click through, view through engagement. Ok? With this type, you have attribution models here. Isn't it ? But attribution models also go two ways here. The first one you see is Standard. The second one is looking at incremental. What does standard mean ? Whatever budget you have set, right? Let's assume your per day budget is Rs 5,000, then that is your expenditure in 24 hours. He may spend less, he may spend more. It depends on how active the audience is. The second one you see is incremental. What does incremental mean ? Isolated. Earlier this option was named Isolate. Ok? Now he changed it to incremental. But the thing is that if you use incremental here, your budget may get exhausted in six hours. It may happen in 10 hours , it may happen in 5 hours. It depends. Right? But the biggest confusion arises here that if Sir is taking incremental then he is spending quick money like ours, then will he be able to give the same output or not? Ok? You can do these things on a testing basis. Here I cannot tell you that like incremental is a very good option. You should utilize it. And I can't even say that like this is not a good option. You should not utilize this. Isn't it? Because if there is an option then there will be its pros and cons somewhere. But it's all about the testing. Ok? Now how to use it for testing also? If you are running ads only for short durations. Isn't it ? Like let's suppose you are doing it for 2 days , for one day, then you go with incremental. Isn't it? Because you have a budget and you have a handsome budget. Ok? You have to spend money and also need output. Ok? So you prefer to go with incremental here. Right? Then guys, the third option that I'm telling you here is your audience reporting here. Ok? Now as you can see here, audience segment reporting. Isn't it? Now you will be able to utilize this option only when you have a custom audience created and I would 100% say that you should go with this option. Correct? Because the biggest challenge in the Guys market is that we can't figure out which audience is working for us. So what do we do? Create multiple art sets. In those multiple art sets, at the individual level, we go with one or two audiences. On the basis of which we can judge that this audience is working according to the result. Right? But ever since this audience segment reporting has come into existence. Isn't it ? You can find out here that you have existing customers and engaged audience, right? How much results are you getting from where, from new audience, existing audience or engaged audience. Isn't it? But what will you have to do for this? So guys, here you will go to all tools. After going to Alt Tool, you will get the option Advertiser Settings. You click on this. After clicking, you will see the dashboard here. From here, you will utilize your audience segment feature from here. Now as you can see, this is the audience segment part. I clicked on this. Now after clicking, whatever custom audience I have created here, which custom audience do I want to use, what will I do from here? I can use it or if I do n't want to make it, I can make it. Right? So here I took the page view. Ok? Now this is the audience of page views. I took it here. I have to create existing customers. Ok? So from here I can create existing customers. Now it depends which one I want to make. Isn't it? This control is in my hands. Right? Now here you are seeing both these options. I have taken the engaged one and also the existing customer one here. Ok? Now I got it confirmed from here. After confirming, I will now utilize it in my campaign. What will happen with this? I will know whether the output I am getting is from an engaged audience , an existing customer, or a new audience. Right? So here it is important for me to find out from where and from which type of audience I am getting good output. Correct? So I can find out. But Guys will not tell you 100% from which of the new audiences you are getting results. But you will indirectly get to know from which type of audience the output I am getting is coming. I will also show you an example live. Like let's suppose that this campaign is going on here. Isn't it? And you have to see from which part of like engagement or which audience part you are getting more output. So like what we can do you go to the breakdown. After going to the breakdown, you can search for audience segment here. Ok? Now you have searched for the audience segment. Now you look from here. Ok? Like this campaign. Ok? This is active. Now here you see engaged audience, existing customers, new audience and unknown. Ok? Now here's how much output has come from which audience. Here You Can See. Ok ? That means I got 13 results from engaged audience. Ok? I have received 82 purchases from existing customers and 71 purchases from new audiences. Right? Now from here you will get to know that how much CPR am I getting on the engaged audience? ₹723 Exactly how much is coming here from existing customers ? Only ₹359 and how much is coming here from my new audience? Like ₹552. Now once I get an idea from this, it will become very easy for me to scale my ad. Right? So guys, you can use these three features very well in your running ads or if you are making a strategy or a road map for running upcoming ads, then you must keep these three features in your mind. So guys, I hope you liked this video. So please like, comment and share on this video. If you are watching it for the first time then please subscribe to the channel. I will meet you in the next video. Till Then Think You Take Care. Bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shivamku999 [5 likes]: Vote for dropshipping viedo
  2. @IslamDaknowledge [1 likes]: Sir dadhi wadi banwa lijye.
  3. @FahadShami-xt6hm [1 likes]: Your video is very good and I learn very much from video plz make dropshiping course
  4. @wscubetech: 👋Become the next-gen marketer with AI mastery! 🎓
👉Join our AI-Powered Performance Marketing Bootcamp: https://tinyurl.com/54axwsjz
  5. @abdullahsiddiqui6224: I am using roas option but while setting goals i am unable to edit the default goal i:e: 0.010
  6. @abdullahsiddiqui6224: Is there any videos on how to scale ads which are running with good ROAS ?
  7. @hussain_ahmed007: You have explained the attribution model in a completely incorrect way. This is not how an attribution model works, the way you explained in the video.
  8. @rahul_karle: Sir, Meta Ads me Sales Campaign ka ek detail video banavo please.
  9. @kartikdevtala0435: please make video for meta ads lead generation for 2026
  10. @trackingconsulting: Great video, Facebook Ads feel harder because tracking is broken for most stores. If Meta can’t see real purchases, refunds, or accurate values, ads will never scale. Fix the data, and the ads start working again.
  11. @BroQr-x3z: Interesting point about digital ads.
I’m testing something different — turning everyday offline items (cups, packaging) into QR entry points for online brands.
Early-stage, but the engagement is surprising.
  12. @FahadShami-xt6hm: Vote for dropshiping or e-commerce
  13. @FahadShami-xt6hm: Please make e commerce or dropshiping course
  14. @TajishThreads: How to purchase your course?

- Facebook Advertising Apocalypse There Are Major Changes Coming in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back folks to the WP Tonic Show. This is episode 1 and we got a fabulous guest with him. We got Lauren Patulo. I'm going to I knew I was going to struggle with that. And she is the founder of Mongoose Media and the joint host of the Perpetual Traffic Podcast. A really fantastic podcast with a with other host Ralph Burns. I listen to it regularly and she's just a fabulous expert on Facebook. We're going to discuss all things Facebook, what's happening in the market. So Lauren, do you can you just quickly in say hi to the tribe and then when we come back from our beginning break, you we will delve into your background in a bit more detail. >> Absolutely. Hello friends. excited to chat more soon. >> All right. And I've got my co-host, Kurt. Kurt, would you like to introduce yourself? >> Sure thing, Jonathan. Uh Kurt Vonan, uh own a company called Mñana Nomas, and we work directly with the great team over at WP Tonic. >> Thanks, Kirk. Like I say, we're going to be just discussing all things Facebook. Lauren is a a true expert on the subject. Um it should be a fascinating discussion. But like I say, before we go into the meat and potatoes of the show, I've got a message from one of our major sponsors. We will be back in a few moments, folks. Hey, running a business is tough. You shouldn't have to worry about your website, too. With Kinsta's managed hosting for WordPress, you get lightning fast load times, enterprisegrade security, and 247 expert support from real humans. Switch to Kinsta and see site speeds improve by up to 200% with effortless migrations and powerful, easy to use dashboard. Join over 120,000 other businesses who also trust Kinsta. Get your first month for free at kinsta.com. That's kinsta.com. Kinsta, simply better hosting. >> We're coming back, folks. Also want to point out we've got some great special deals from the sponsors of the show, plus a created list of the best WordPress plugins and services for the WordPress professional. To find all these goodies, all you have to do is go over to wpenonic.com/dealss. wpentonic.com/dealss. What more could you ask for, my beloved tribe? Probably a lot more, but that's all you're going to get on that page. So, Laurel, um, can you give us how did you get into the world? You know, you run this really very successful agency in Florida. You're you're seen as a leading expert in Facebook, but how how did you get originally into marketing and then maybe specializing in in Facebook? >> Oh, man. Jonathan, that's a good question. I could like we can go all the way back to when I was 5 years old or the most recently to where I was fired. So, do you want the five or the fire story? >> I I'll leave it to you. >> Um I think so. As a young, my father was always in the household never giving me the answer no to anything. I was a princess. Um but it didn't mean that the default was ever yes. It was always how. And so I remember the first time I ever wanted to buy a Barbie and my dad was not going to buy it for me. He's like, "How are you going to get it?" I started marketing paintings that I made. Now, to me, they were worthy of a museum. To my neighbors, they weren't worth the five or 10 cents that I was asking for them. So, I started marketing them in a different way and positioning it as uh great decorations for your lonely refrigerators. And as soon as I started marketing my let's call them uh B-rated pictures with crayons and watercolors uh when I had flipped the angle of not buying art but um decorating your lonely fridge so it's not so embarrassing when friends come over and they realize you don't have grandkids. I I sold all of my paintings right away. So from the beginning I like knew at a young age like positioning mattered um because people didn't care about what it was you're actually buying but the feeling you wanted. Um and then I worked at the Walt Disney Company. I worked with another Fortune 500 company Pearson. I uh had been doing a lot of overall marketing campaigns and it was through the last job I had before my own agency where I hyper specialized in meta advertising because we had access to this giant book of all the interests available. I mean I wish I still had it. It was printed. It was hundreds of pages and it was just a full list of all the interests that were available to do targeting for meta way back when. And I thought I was sitting on this like gold mine of information and I felt like wealthy in this like California gold rush of data and um with what was possible with Meta having really early success with spending 25 to $200,000 a month on campaigns in Meta and doing tens if not 20 millions of dollars of sale off of it. It became the oh if I'm going to niche I'm going to niche all in. And then it revolved into uh having really great relationships with Meta themselves. I was one of eight members in the United States, a part of the uh global innovation committee for emerging technologies picked handpicked by Meta. Um I'm part of the business leaders network. I've had really great opportunities with Meta. So I just leaned in where the opportunity came. So hi, >> that's fantastic. Just got a quick follow through question before I throw it over to Kurt. your involvement with digital marketer and and Ryan. Um, >> was that a big opportunity for you as well? >> Oh, I love it. Ryan, um, has been a client now for two or three years. So, I >> Oh, he's actual client. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, he pays me. Thank you, Ryan. Love you. Um, and I started off in their mastermind. It was actually like the first real mastermind I was a part of. Um, and really big credit to Molly Pitman. learned a lot of my Facebook ads from her. I came from corporate and then I had done the train my traffic person which is a really great program and I I cut my teeth on being surrounded by other people that were running meta ads. So I had my first like experience as a soloreneur and she was so heavily involved with digital marketer. So I went to traffic and conversions. Um and from being in Ryan's program to then being a coach of Ryan's program uh it's it's been amazing. I met great people. I have um developed incredible relationships, made many clients, friends. So being a part of digital marketer helped me grow. It was where I learned Facebook ads stuff through Molly's trainings with digital marketer and then um paying her company directly and then additional other learning opportunities. So I was a member of digital marketer's mastermind for a year and a half. It was the first time I had ever connected to a community and I was just why did I not know about mastermind sooner. I was mad I waited so long. But it's been amazing. I I love what they're doing at DM uh digital marketer and I'm grateful that I get to be a part of it. Plus the money doesn't hurt. >> So was you surprised that he he kind of um retired out of it really? >> Um for me no because I'm in slack with him. >> Yeah. and um where digital marketer is going and the whole companies. So Ryan's got many different programs. He's got scalable, he's got larger masterminds and digital marketer is the entry. It's a gateway drug to exiting your business. And he's involved in significantly bigger opportunities. And he's got this generation of marketers that can take over because he doesn't have to be involved anymore. He's a strategic partner at top, but he's essentially retired from being in any of the day-to-day stuff because he's had so much success and where he is with the scalable company and his other brands. Um, those are driving a different need from him and it was almost like he was passing it to the next generation of leaders. And with so much with AI, where DM has evolved to is is providing resources where you don't have to train yourself anymore. You train AI agents. And it felt like a really natural exit from him. But I mean, he's still Ryan Dice. So, >> what >> he's going to always have a little sneaky peak in the background. >> Over to you, Curt. Well, I just I find that kind of interesting the way that Lauren answered that and it's, you know, I wish I would have found the community earlier. I know Jonathan, you and I are kind of like in the WordPress space the way that that she's positioned in in this meta Facebook space and it's it's amazing because I was an agency for 15 years before I realized WordPress had a community and then I was like, how did I not know about this earlier? Um, when you look at Facebook and paid advertising, what do you think are like the the biggest changes that are going to be coming up in the next 12 months? I mean, you already said training AI agents to do things, but like is is that really the like the only thing or is there something else going on behind the scenes with the Facebook thing? >> Oh my gosh, I love especially for the WordPress community like you are needed more than ever. the media buyer is disappearing. Like this is uh like Jonathan, your face is surprising. Like for me, I I really dig in. Before you spend a dollar in Meta or a dollar on any advertising, you need to make sure that your data and your destination are solid. And I think that many brand owners, and I blame Jeff Bezos and Russell Brunson for this, for demanding same day shipping and one-click upsell. They simplified stuff and took away the foundations. most of my time in auditing accounts and making sure that brands and accounts are set up for 2026 and beyond in this programmatic AI space where the agents are going to be making a lot of the decisions. You have to dial in the data that's being fed back into meta or you're allowing yourself to waste money on poorly optimized campaigns. I don't care how good your offer is. I don't care how good your creative is. If your data and the destination suck, so will the revenue that you're going to get out of your profit's just going to be eaten away. And where I'm saying like for those that are like in this WordPress environment, the there's a standard events. I'm actually going to share it in our private chat so that you guys can have access to it um where Jonathan will have all the magic of the pieces. Um this standard events um that Meta has. There's 17 standard events. Oh, it's not sending it. Okay. Um I will send it to you after. >> But there's the Sorry, I was like I was like I have the URL. Can I share my screen and show you Kurt? I think so. >> That's okay. Um, this standard events, this documentation inside of Meta, like everyone that's in the WordPress space, if you have clients that are running meta ads, this is the thing that they need to do. Most companies are not putting in these standard events. Meta gets trillions of data points every single day, different signals, and people are visiting the websites you're building, the websites you're a part of. And a lot of the time, we are not putting these standard events. If you ever work with a nonprofit, there's this donate standard event because a purchase and a donation are two very different behaviors. Someone could be a micro donor and do $5 a month and someone could be a someone who purchases a $5 product once. Their behaviors of that contribution is vastly different. Similarly, like if you have a physical location, a brickandmortar, there's find location. And so often I look and people don't have this standard event set up so that when someone visits a find location, we're missing out on sending a hierarchy of quality data back into Meta for better optimized ads. So the the people that are behind these websites are so important to the success of any of their ads that this standard events, this is like what I call eighth grade level. You can go advanced. There's even further where you can send quality data. If you have a a client or a brand or a website that has blogs, there are advanced data options that have to be coded. Like you need a WordPress team that's managing website to make sure that if you have blogs, there's advanced pixel data that you can send back to meta that people are visiting more than Oh, I can still share the screen again. That people that are visiting more than one blog at a time. If you're visiting more than one blog at a time, Kurt, wouldn't that make sense that you're a higher value future customer than someone who just checks one blog and bounces? >> Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. It kind of talks to like that domain authority and relevancy quotient that we look for with SEO. >> Yeah, absolutely. So, it's ad authority and ad relevancy. So, I just typed in if you go to that same URL, you type in advance, there's advanced settings that you can do. Um, that's not going to be one. uh all of this documentation for the WordPress people like this stuff, anyone that's doing advertising um is very likely not leveraging this success and they're making the destination and the data being fed back into their optimization less relevant. So just I I love that example. The way that we're doing it for SEO, we neglect it. But the thing is we spend so much more money on paid ads than we spend on SEO. SEO is long term. This is immediate. you can get data fed within 15 minutes of getting this installed. And so when you ask me what what's new and what's coming, what's different. It's what's foundational is no longer non-negotiable. It's making sure that the websites are set up with all of the standard events. There are 17. And then we have additional items. If you scroll down to the bottom of this page, these object properties, you're able to enhance so much more value from your website, from the user's behavior. so that you get stronger optimization and better performance. And that's ultimately everything that we want. We have a successful page. We want the destination to be desirable, but we also need the data to be relevant. And all of this has been around, but it's been kind of nice to have. Now it's no longer nice to have. It's non-negotiable because the decisions that are being made in 2026 and beyond, meta is taking away more and more and more. You don't do audience targeting. It's just suggestions, but you define audiences, you define the data, you put all of this information so that foundationally you're sound, and optimizationally you're set up for success. >> That makes sense. I I'm kind of chuckling on the inside as you're talking, Lauren, because as you're talking, you're justifying more and more the role of the agency in the content and the strategy and the SEO and the and the connections, whereas there is a whole new like uh just a wave of, you know, AI bros, you know, like, "Ah, no, bro. I'm going to put this in replet and make this for you real quick. I'm going to do this in, you know, bam, I'm going to knock this out in 10 minutes." And what I've seen is the the problem with these AI things that get generated is that a maintenance on the back end gets to be a chore. Pardon me. B, you know, as things get outdated, what do we do? Like when we when we hit that space like in WordPress, we know as agencies, we go, okay, we know that there's tools we can add. We know that there's we can scale, we can expand, we can upgrade the hosting if we need to, we can do all these things. And a lot of this a AI bro talk just kind of like >> tried to flush that away. >> And then you jump on the show and go, "Oh no, all this is foundational, non-negotiable. This has to be part of the build." And you go, "Okay, well now maybe people that are agencies can see like there is another avenue to continued success." >> 100% Kurt. Like it's the agencies like if you are able to include these in these build, you're able to include these strategically in your design, you also aren't just a one-off project. Yes, there's maintenance and always, but there's the like this is something that will make you so valuable to the end user because there's going to be agency partners that are running the paid ads that aren't even going to know most of this is happening. And if they don't, you then become a partner for the brands to ensure that they're vetting the right agencies. Look, people come up every single day doing what I do. And it's there's no regulation. There's nothing that's stopping someone to be like, I do Facebook ads. There's nothing that's stopping you. But a way to vet if you're going to be successful at it is ensuring that the WordPress team, the team developing, creating, strategizing the entire website is in sync with your ads team. Yeah. like creating something from AI from scratch, you're going to just it's faster. But I don't believe in AI making me more efficient. I believe in leveraging AI to make me more effective. I care about efficacy over efficiency. Um but I hope everyone continues to be silly and just is like, "Oh, it's faster." I'm like, "Cool, I'm going to eat your lunch." >> Nice. Jonathan. >> Yeah. Before we go for our break, I just got a quick follow through question. I notic your own website. Um, your own company's website is done in WordPress. >> Yeah. >> Um, you know, you got Wix, haven't you? You've got Squarespace, you got Go High Level. Um, you got some more professional tools like Framer and that. Um, how do you see WordPress as a agency owner? You know, in the marketplace at the beginning in the in this beginning of the second quarter, where do you think it stands in the market? >> I think WordPress, so yeah, mongoose. Media or mongus media. US is all built in WordPress. I think it's the um easiest place to start, but I will admit it's the also easiest place to mess up. And on my website, it's so slow right now because I every it feels like everyone can support doing WordPress. I've done a little coding boot camp. Not me, but people that apply like I've done some coding boot camp. I can help. And now that my agency is eight years old and like we're looking at switching everything to mongoose media.ai and and making a stronger, more um upgraded version of the site because we just have so much content in the the site's so low. Um I think where it fits in the marketplace is it's the best place to start but also the scariest place to uh lose control. And I think to anyone like if you are developing websites, the greatest asset you will have is to be someone that's going to see you through. And I know that I I admit I've been cheap and I'm like, "Oh, I'll just jump and jump and jump from developer to developer developer." Well, that being cheap shortterm is costing me $80,000 long term. And I think that WordPress is like the best place to start and to grow and to develop. Um, and I think there's so many amazing resources out there, but the website strategy side to WordPress where it fits in the marketplace is something that at least in my experience I didn't see a lot of. So again, even if having strategy for making sure that the standard events or making sure that your optimization is set up, having a strategy for a long-term plan, I think where WordPress sits in the marketplace just by its nature is like a commodity. I think a lot of people will just treat it like a uh generic Amazon Basics product when they're looking for teams to help them with their websites when truly it's a really fantastic solution for most brands, especially startups, which I find stronger than like the Wix or the GoDaddies or all those other ones that'll nickel and dime you. I think WordPress is the most accessible place to start and to build your initial websites. But I also think it's the most dangerous if you lack a long-term website vision. >> Well, we're going to go for our middle break. It's been fantastic discussion. Hopefully, you stay with us for the second half. We will be back in a a few moments. >> Updating plugins and themes shouldn't feel risky. That's why over 300,000 WordPress users trust WP Rollback. With just a click, you can safely roll back any plugin or theme. No manual file uploads and no downtime. And with WP Rollback Pro, you can download premium plugins and themes. Tools like Elementor, Gravity Forms, and more. Track every roll back you do with detailed activity logs. Protect your workflow and take the stress out of updates. Learn more at wprollback.com. We're coming back, folks. Also want to point out if you're looking for a great WordPress hosting partner and you're in learning management membership or community bu building out websites, why don't you look at WP Tonic? We've got some great affiliate packages and we can be your great partner. To find more, go over to wpenonic.com/partners. wpentonic.com/partners. Let's build something special together. Uh um so Lorine, um I'm going to just throw it over to Kurt. Over to you, Kurt. >> You're going to make me put a story on it. Um we Jonathan and I have a thing called we do the membership machine show. It's one of our shows. We do this and we do another show. Um, we talked to an awful lot of people that are starting membership or e-learning projects >> and when we are working with these people, we we end up being in a coaching position even though we're not officially coaching them, right? You end up kind of coaching clients >> and they struggle to build their initial list. They struggle to get their first 10 paying students. They struggle to get the first 25 paying students. And then it seems like they automatically defer to, well, I'm just gonna run some Facebook ads. And it's and it's they say it flippably like they've been talking about Russell Brunson's potato gun for three months. And >> I don't think people understand the platform. They they they they throw up an ad. It then and they never come with budget. They show up with $250 or $300 and they think like they've made this investment. And to me, I almost think like if you have a $300 campaign, Facebook just feels insulted and doesn't even really promote it. Like that's the way like I feel like it. Like I've never seen a $300 campaign pay off. Um so what do you think are the biggest myths that that clients are stepping into this space with? >> Yeah, I I mean I can tell you I've seen $300 campaigns pay off. Um but that's the exception, not the rule. Um, and I think a lot of it is people I don't know where this came from. People think that Meta is an ATM. And today, like literally in my meeting earlier with my team and like we called these like Lauren like stop getting mad at Meta. Like blame your incompetence. And I was like, I feel bad. But it is like it's just I was looking in my ad account today and I'm not spending tons of money. I have clients that are spending like what I spend in a month is what most of our clients spend in an hour. And um I'm just I'm so proud of looking at what Meta is doing for my business. So I think a lot of the myth are that like it's easy. It can be if you can focus on making sure that the data and the destination are lined up if you're um doing audience definitions, if you're setting up your account settings. Like I call it like is your printer on basics of account setup, but most people never even look at the uh advertising settings. So, I like I have this URL. If you go to mongoosemedia.us/lazy, it goes directly to the advertising settings within the Meta ecosystem. And most people are like, I've never been to this page before. If you are looking at running ads on Meta and you look at your engaged and existing customers and they're showing as not defined, you're not ready to launch ads. Like there's basic foundational setups of making sure your printer is plugged in and on before you're going to start running printer like stuff that you're going to print. or like in those myths of like people think that it's easy. People think that Meta can is just an ATM. If I put in a dollar, I'm going to expect $20 back. >> Well, I blame ClickBank for that. >> Okay, that's fair. Thanks a lot, ClickBank. You're taking all the blame, you monsters. Um, so I think the the myth that I I anyone's starting, like you can do a lot with $300, but forgive my analogy, but I call it the slip it in method. It's like you're trying to date someone and when you're like, I'm gonna spend $300, it's like going onto a date. Like date doesn't stand for at the end, right? Like I was like, I'm going to try to not be explicit, but you can figure out what the D stands for. Um, it's not a guarantee, right? So, if you're spending $300, it's you're not guaranteed to stick it in. What you're trying to do is court and develop people. All of your advertising, whether it's met, Tik Tok, whatever, you are paying or renting their attention so that you can then earn their trust. The ad is not the responsible piece of the ATM. Your ad is responsible to just engage them to the next step. You are trying to rent their attention and earn their trust enough that they want to raise their hand or click the button to learn more and then go to the landing page. Then the landing page is selling them on what your offer is. And then your funnel is converting them on like the monetization piece. So, it's like this before the click of how your ad is performing has a lot of information and most people are only looking, I spent $300. How much money did I make? Versus looking at I spent $300. What type of engagement did I have? Was my ad getting enough hook and hold rate? Do I have sentiment rates? Do I have people clicking see more? Like, what is the ad telling me before the click happens to see if my ad is good? Then we look at after the click and to see is my offer good, right? like is the offer that I'm selling worth their time on the page? And then afterwards, you can look at the funnel. We call it the app or the clickity clack. And it's telling me, is my funnel good? And I think people just put all of that attention and expectation on the ad. It's like a parent who expects because they were a professional basketball player that this child is going to love sports and also become an Olympian. >> Yeah. I used to race motorcycles and then uh surprisingly my kids don't ride motorcycles. Um, >> how dare. >> So, the way that you describe that, how what if if it was going to be a um, you know, an assumption or a myth that that new people in the space find, >> do you think people are making the hugest mistake of like trying to go for conversion through the ad like buy now buttons instead of the nurture button that says follow me and hear the rest of my story? So, I don't want to like it's not the like it's a concept. Yes, I agree with a thousand% the actual language on the button like oh that the learn more download whatever um that's not the piece but the the concept is I think there's not a single company brand or creator that should not be running at least $10 a day on any meta ad campaign. Now, I don't think that you should spend $10 a day and expect conversions. You said $300 a day. Meta looks at you as like pittance. I can tell you the number is $200,000 a month. If you were spending less than $200,000 a month, I'm sorry. I I've been in the rooms. They just don't care. I mean, sure they care. They have the illusion of it. They'll have assigned resources. But the reality is, and that was 5 years ago, that number. >> $200,000 a month maybe gets their attention. So, you aren't big enough for them to you're to care. And I I like I hate that. But at the same time, when I look at like my small budget and the ways that we're setting up our campaigns, I see how much meta cares when I care back in setting up the data that's going into it. So defining existing audiences, defining engaged audiences because if you don't do those small audience definitions, and that takes 30 seconds, maybe two minutes if you're my 81-year-old mom and you're just like, is this where I click? Setting those that two minutes makes such a big difference. That meta then is making sure that I am getting my content in front of new people that they're adjusting to the signals that they're receiving. Like all that basic stuff is so important, but everyone should be running at least a campaign. I just think people go in for um the the stick it in versus courting. And so small thing is a lot of brands, especially new ones, have already invested in their social media profiles. Their Instagram account, they've been posting for years. There's a lot of really good content. Maybe it got crickets, but that valuable content is there. And you can pay, so KPI wise, you want to pay a $1.50 for a cost per link click. That's how much you want to spend to get someone from Meta to go to your website. Now, some people pay $8, $16. And that's because they don't have a really good hosting team and their website's probably too small or too slow. So, hence you go to WP Tonic, WP- Tonic/partners, and use one of their hosting partners because if your website is slow, it's it's costing you money and you're wasting money ineffectively. But um when you are instead of taking them to a website if someone's brand new and you're developing your website, you can do a a traffic campaign objective with Instagram profile visits and you can spend 10 to 15 cents to get people from an Instagram or Facebook ad to visit your profile. Your profile then becomes a social media website. You can and then that is a way to get them to learn more about you. You're courting them, right? You're earning their trust. When you buy and rent their attention, you then have to use your content to earn the trust. Similarly, if you've got a WordPress site and you've got blogs and you've got really valuable content on the WordPress site, doing a traffic objective and sending people to your blog so that they can earn you can earn their trust goes a lot longer so that when you're ready to do a conversion campaign, which for me needs to have at least $60 a day minimum budget per audience, then you've already built enough data or you've built more data inside of your Meta Pixel so that Meta can be start can be smarter and more efficient with how they're going after a customer for by >> nice Jonathan. >> Yeah. Um I'm really interested you know obviously you you deal your agency deal with some large national but have there been any new clients or clients that come on in the last year that kind of regional that stick in your mind where you could I don't know if you could actually mention a name but mention the industry um where your agency got some results that you weren't anticipating anything comes to mind. >> Um, oh there's there's lots of examples. So like yes, the agency we generally work with brands that are doing at least $5 million a year. Um, but then we have um marketing rehab where there's brands that will come in and they run their ads and we just oversee and like it's a Monday group call. So I'm like thinking of all those new folks in there. Um, one comes to mind is Evidentry app. So Evidentry app, Crystal is the owner. um an amazing app and she has a very small budget and she had like tested a bunch of different things. One of the things >> I can ask you what does the app do? >> Sure. It's um you it's all medicalbased um research material so that you can see how do different ingredients and how do different medicines interact with each other. And it's all clinical based. So if you're using AI saying like hey can I take this caffeine pill with my vitamin D supplement? AI can give you a different answer every 30 seconds. And hers is all clinical research base. She comes from the pharmaceutical industry and she's got huge medicalbacked partners so that you can have um the research information you need and not have your health rely on an AI that's just here to satisfy you. Um, and so things that she had done before she came into like marketing rehab, which is our Monday calls. She bought a bunch of fake followers, you know, like oh, I can buy followers and then this company's like, we'll give you real authentic inmarket followers. That turned out to be a lie. So then we had done that small campaign where like going after Instagram profile visitors. She started growing her Instagram account with real authentic people that wanted to follow her that were totally in market and a surprise that came after that is she started to have viral content from her audience. So viral, not in the sense of like hundreds of millions of views viral comparatively, but at all the other content that she'd been posting previously because we were growing her campaign, her Instagram naturally through a paid side, but like actual people following that $10 a day led to her getting consistently increased visibility on her content, which was a hundred times more than previously. So this is very small, right? this is like growing it a few hundred followers and getting awareness about her app. So that was like an amazing um tangential success where yes she had real followers but then two she had real content engagement at levels unprecedented before. A second campaign that we had done was specifically for app installs and so what was really surprising because I don't do a lot of app installs. That's not MySpace. But we were able to get people to sign up and download her app for less than $10. And I think it's like a $7 per month that you can do. And like all this information, she's very new. This is all her own personal project. And the surprise was when we set it up and told Meta what we want to and we didn't go after the conversion because she had tried before and she had done the straight to conversion like her like the example we were talking about earlier where she's like I'm just going to follow what other people who are doing 10 and $100 million a year is following their strategies for her under $50 a day budget. Those strategies that work for big accounts ad spends do not translate for smaller ad budgets. And so then when we dialed it back and dialed it more focused on different campaign objectives and making sure the data was dialed in, we cut her cost down so much that she has the opportunity to scale without breaking the bank because there's two ways that companies can go bankrupt. You overspend on labor, you overspend in marketing. >> So that like that's the first one that comes to mind because that we just went over two weeks ago. >> Yeah, that's great. I just thought I'd ask that. kind of puts I don't know makes it all more real really. Um so thanks for doing that. So you know I don't know how long you've been the co-host of the perpetual traffic. um what do you think it's done with how it's helped you be a figure in Facebook and how do you think the podcast and being part of it has helped you and also what maybe one or one thing that you didn't realize by agreeing to be >> part of that? So, I I've been on it for two or three years, I want to say, and I get to hop hop in on Ralph's tail feathers, right? Like Ralph has been he created the podcast with Brian Dice with Digital Marketer and Molly Pitman was a co co-host and I was like the fifth co-host ever to the podcast. Um, it was already well established. So, I got to connect with Ralph who has been in this space at least a decade more than I am and has all this wealth of experience. So what I didn't expect was to continue learning from the podcast but just from a seat of direct conversation versus listening to it because I listened to the podcast for years. Um also previous host Molly Pitman like I learned from previous host Kos Mosam is still a very good friend of mine. He sent me a text message yesterday making fun of me because I spoke on stage and he jokingly said I was booed off even though I had a really good stage. Like that's the kind of relationship we have. Um, what I didn't expect too is like all the amazing guests we had that I got to build relationships with. I got to interview heads of Shopify, heads of Tik Tok who then I see at different conferences I'm going out at. I got to interview and connect with Dr. Chelini and um, even Orin Claf. I mean, these are amazing human beings that I I did not anticipate the accessibility that I would have and the genuine conversations we have because it's really easy to like meet a guest and be like, "Oh, you're just trying to promote something." I was like, "No, I like I enjoyed it." Um, and six hours a week of recording, connecting, all that stuff. Like, that's that's a big commitment on my calendar. Um, but I've I've always loved it. And the chance to um make sure that I'm holding myself accountable. Um, it is a podcast with 250,000 unique downloads. So, by in of itself, I got a lot more visibility, which led to amazing clients that I've had the chance to work with. Um, a lot of content that's out there. So when you look up my name, Lauren Patrulo, there's already at least hundreds of videos from the podcast. So I got to do minimum effort work-wise and get maximum exposure because this team was creating all this content and I just had to show up which well that was easy. Um, and I think another like amazing piece of the podcast because we have such a big audience like we have a telegram group with hundreds of people in it and I I go to conferences and people like oh I listen I listen I listen. I've had to hold myself to a higher degree of accountability for learning to ensure that the content is valuable for them. >> Whereas before I was like, "Oh yeah, I'm gonna keep doing it." Now it's like a requirement. Like I go to conferences and I sit in and listen to talks. >> Um yes, I get to speak at them, which is amazing, but I'm not the person that disappears. I don't come in and leave just because I spoke. I'm sitting in and I'm learning and absorbing. And before I would do it just for my clients and my team, but now I'm also doing it because I have the chance to share what I've learned at the conferences that I have access to to the audiences that have access to the podcast. So it was just this almost like way to get what I would call like a doctorate in what I do unofficially from Lauren University. >> Yeah. I cut. >> Well, I'm going to switch the channel. I suppose it's it's my responsibility. Um, you've already mentioned AI and we kind of glossed over it some, but if if you had to like share with our audience like what what are the AI tools that kind of pop off the screen to you that help you become more efficient? >> Okay. So, um, we use a lot of generative AI and I was the f like I was in Forbes like six year five years ago for using AI was the first case study for Jasper. So, content AI like I love surfer SEO. Oh my gosh, I love that tool. It allowed us to grow a website from zero to a 100 plus thousand visitors per month of creating generative content with AI. So >> you didn't get hammered by by Google for using AI content. >> No, not at all. Everyone else did because so our the way that with Surfer we did it where I call it like Lego building. So Surfer told us which key terms to do. You can automatically make a post but we never did that. We always had human in the loop. And now what I term is like naked AI. We never have just the very first edition of what AI has provided for us. No, we're dressing it out of clothes. We're accessorizing it. We're making shoes pop. It's got a purse to hold all its belongings. So, with Surfer, um, what it allowed for our copywriters is instead of like their hand cramping when writing, if you remember taking a test and you have to shake out your hand because you're writing an essay like, "Oh my gosh, it hurts." That's the equivalent that we had for our copywriters, their brain just never stopped. So we bring in surfer and it tells us which keywords and it's like a recipe almost but it's still authentically what we've written. So we were never dinged by Google. That didn't happen for us. And um so when everyone else did it like maintain like we grew that that um the first project we did with Surfer where we had like 116,000 or 150,000 website visitors a month within like 14 months of launching everything. we were doing um over 10 grand a month just in sales from the blogs all organic content. Um so I will be a diehard for that tool. Um another tool like so then the design side our team really likes freepic f re so that's what our design team is doing if you go to Facebook ads library and you type in mongoose media you can see all the ads that we're running and the large majority of them are created with AI and freepic is um that team's tool of choice. Um Sammy on my team, shout out to her in Chicago. She has been using Google AI Studio and she's built dashboards and project management tools using Google AI Studio. Like I wish I could show you, she promised not to show the world, but oh my gosh, what she has created for us to organize and allow clients to approve, give feedback on the creatives that we deliver, um has been really helpful because I don't want it to be a website that we manage at all. And it's not a website that I'm doing data for. It's just a I need you to approve, leave notes, and it feeds into our ClickUp management system. It's just like making what would have been an email exchange a much friendlier experience. So, those are like the three tools that come to mind that we're using. I mean, of course, we're using Claude and and Nano Banana. Like, I use for videos when I'm looking for B-roll to make the video um you know, have on a pulse to make sure that the content is consumed. Having something that's visually stimulating, it's a lot of different B-roll. and I'll use nano banana where I'll get to a picture that I want. I'll describe what I want and then I will say, "Okay, now turn that into a video using VO3." So, if you're in Gemini and you're searching like, "Hey, I want a picture of someone who's lost their keys and is like really confused in a retro neon um cyberpunk style." It will create the image for me. Then I say, "Okay, now make it into a video." And then it'll create an 8-second video that I'll just have my video editors use for two seconds of. So, it's easy to create B-roll. and I like using that tool. Um, there's so many, but I feel like I've already given a lot. >> It's been fabulous. >> All right. Should I go for the last question, Kirk, or do you want to do it? >> No, go ahead and grab it. So Lauren, um, if you if you could go back to the beginning of your career and you could have a little quick chat with yourself, >> what what would like one tip, one insight, one little bit of advice that you could like to tell yourself? >> Gosh, I feel bad like getting like emotional, but like what I would say to like Lauren 8 years ago. Um, I mean the first piece I would like I'd hug myself and just be like there's going to be hard times and like it's worth it because where I am today I'm really happy and grateful for the team that I have. Um, so just be like hey don't worry it's coming. Uh, I did undergo um a class action lawsuit because of um an ADA alleged thing. So I would definitely be like hey make sure you are um accessibility complaint. I've been vouching it. I just missed it on one of my websites and it led to um one of the most emotionally >> charging things I've experienced as an adult. Um so I use Accessibby. Uh there's lots of tools out there. Please, if you are developing websites, please please please don't let them go through what I went through. Uh and they have affiliate links. Like it's the worst $50 a month I forgot to put on this one website. Um, and then the other thing I would say is uh the like especially for the WordPress because where I'm at now is like an $80,000 repair for the website rebuild. When you're building your website, I started off with Wix should have gone straight to WordPress and I should have found a partner that wanted to grow with me because when I was like, "Oh, I'll try this person. I'll try this person. I'll try this person." Everyone did all of this different code, which now is why Mongus Media. US currently loads so long. So, if I could go back, I would say your website is your storefront. Um, so you want to find a partner that is going to grow and develop the website with you. And if you're cheap now, it'll hurt you more later. >> Yeah, I think they're great insights actually. Um, we're going to wrap it up. Are are you okay? Kurt's got to go off in a few minutes. Are you okay doing another 10 minute bonus cont? >> Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. >> Right. That's fantastic. So, we're gonna >> we're going to wrap up the podcast part of the show. So, um what's the best way for people to find out more about you, Lauren? >> Oh, thanks. Um so, I'm I'm active on most socials, but LinkedIn is the place that I'm the most active. And even when people are like, "How do I get hold of you?" It's like LinkedIn is where I spend most of my time. So, it's Lauren E. Patrulo. Um but of course, you can go to uh mongoose media. us or mongoose. media. Just forgive me while it takes a little while to load. >> Yeah. And I got to say, Lauren is a true expert. I'm a part of um John Lumer's group. I just joined to learn a little bit more about Facebook. And Lauren and some of the other regulars of his um weekly um master group. They really do know their Facebook. And Lauren is just a fantastic resort and that's where we met. Um, so she truly is expert. Um, Kurt, what's the best way for people to find out more about you and what you're up to? >> Well, I'll be hanging out with Lauren over on LinkedIn, so you can look me up over there. And then, uh, the name of our company is Mñana Nas, and that's our social tag for Mills Channels, Mñana Nas. >> That's fantastic. We're going to end the podcast part of the show, folks. We're going to continue the discussion. and you'll be able to see the whole interview on the WP Tonic YouTube channel. So, you'll be able to see the whole show plus the bonus content there. We will be back next week with another fantastic guest. Also, if you want to support the show, leave us a and you're listening on your mobile device, leave us on Spotify or on iTunes, leave us a review. That's the best way you can support the show. We'll see you soon, folks. Bye. This podcast episode is brought to you by Lifter LMS, the leading learning management system solution for WordPress. If you or your client are creating any kind of online course, trainingbased membership website, or any type of e-learning project, Lifter LMS is the most secure, stable, wellsupported solution on the market. Go to lifterlms.com and save 20% at checkout with coupon code podcast 20. That's podcast 20. Enjoy the rest of your show. I don't want to maybe you don't want to delve in too much, but you do you did mention this lawsuit. U >> um so can you tell us the background? what what how did it happen? Basically, >> um so I mean American Disabilities uh the American Disabilities Act of 1971 is a lie I absolutely agree with. Uh my father had a disability. It was physical. He had one leg. Um and I I think accessibility is the most important thing with everyone. Um and so I agree wholeheartedly in holding websites to be accountable, to be accessible. Um the alleged thing that didn't happen for me was that uh there's an individual who had a visual impairment and they were unable to um access parts of the website allegedly and um where like I had a great team and I'm very grateful. So there's stuff like I I can't talk about um but where it came out was like this was what came up and then um everything uh was handled with lawyers and the piece of like having a tool and making sure that your website if it has images has all the image text if it um opens into a new browser it says opens to a new browser because there's screen readers that can facilitate someone to navigate because I don't care if you have visual impairments. I don't care if you have purple hair. I still accept your 16 digits from your credit card. And I I want my website to be accessible for everyone who's interested in willing to fire products or services. Um but how it came about was like this is a a known thing that um there are a few select firms that this is their full-time job and they'll for >> for websites that are are not ADA compliant allegedly. And um where what I wish would happen was that we had more government support because I think of like with a restaurant, you go to a restaurant and if they don't pass a food inspection, the restaurant gets closed for a few days, they pay a fine and then they get rechecked. There's no department that oversees it and this is a 1971 law that was applied to websites. So the law hasn't been updated to accommodate businesses in the 2000 era, let alone like 2026. Um, and so I I wish there was more um governmental support. I wish that there was uh resources so that if you do find yourself, there should be a fine. I agree 100% there should be a fine. I just don't think that a lot of people are aware of every single law that they need to be compliant with. And right now it's a lot of these um law firms that are regulating on behalf. >> Well, it's a whole industry. Um, I had a client, unfortunately, they didn't renew their contract, but they've been with uh at the beginning of this year, but they've been with me for seven years. They were very large nonprofit >> u organization, and they had a WordPress website. We didn't actually build it. Um, it cost a lot of money to build, but we were actually maintaining it. and they basically the president got in his mind that they might have they might have problems right um with accessibility and they were just going to put a WordPress plug in and I said to them cuz I'm not an expert but I had resources in the WordPress space specific agencies that just specialize in this and I said to them I said just putting a plug in isn't isn't. It might do because you got to it's a bit you got to show um documentation. You got to show that you did the best and you you got to have a a series of documentation saying that you're trying to keep the website as accessible as possible. To meet all the requirements to get the top ranking is practically impossible. Um but um long as you have documentation and you can show that documentation. But what people don't realize is there's a whole industry law firms that specialize >> in um in basically threatening to sue businesses. So was this one of your own businesses? Because I know Yeah. So basically you get the letter and did they want a ton of money from you basically to go away >> that I can't talk about because that like there there's pieces to it but um it was like I actually found out because um other lawyers had reached out saying this had happened. >> Yeah. But it's I understand why you can't discuss it because you probably signed an agreement not to. Uh um but it is a terrible. So how long how long did all this go on before it was settled really then? >> Um well fortunately I like I I worked with an amazing firm uh Rian Law um and they're in Southern California. They were amazing. So they uh handled it for me because like it was for me there was three days of um emotional instability and like the challenge is that um everything that went into supporting u the entire case um was more of I had planned on opening a physical location. I had a lease. I had a contractor who had developed some architecture plans. I had a plan for six full-time employees to contribute to my area, but uh resources were reallocated. >> Because of it. And then it the like the time that I can speak was like three days. I spent three days practically incapable of standing up. Um I was collapsed on the couch and I had I had been gone. I had spent um a little bit of time in Italy and had come back and seeing this huge pile of mail of all these lawyers that were like, "Hey, this is happening. hire me, hire me, hire me, hire me. And um so I didn't have like the official serving or any of that experience. Oh, thank God. Um but it was like three days of like I just I thought this hobby project that I was doing um I wanted to like create jobs out there. That was my plan. Um like I I was really looking forward to do it and I just didn't have enough resources and it was so unfamiliar to me. So emotionally it took me a few days to even understand where do I begin with this because there was a court case there was a court date in Manhattan. >> Um it was a class action. I was just it was man I wanted to do good in the world and there was never any intention but intention doesn't matter when it comes to the law. And again I I agree 100% that like everyone's websites should be accessible. We want um everyone to have access. Most I think most reasonable business owners do and it's just it just I think your your example of of a restaurant is a great example. Obviously if a restaurant keeps being fined keeps being found >> in the end they're going to they're going to face a massive fine and they're going to be probably closed down. But um you shouldn't be threatened to be closed down the first time, should you? It's not it's not right. But unfortunately, uh when it comes to this um it's a whole different area, isn't it? >> Yeah. Like again, I I could not be more grateful for um the team that I have that handle because I'm I'm not a lawyer. I'm not getting legal advice. Um, but it goes to the bigger thing of like even talking about back my younger self, always find people who are experienced and are experts. When you're cheap, it hurts you long term. And I I found a team that was very well verssed in this field. And um they handled it. >> That's fantastic. Now, when it comes, you know, um I think where do you think digital agencies are going in the next couple years? There's so there's so many different voices out there on YouTube, on all social media platforms. Do you think in the next couple years the the the market is going to decline rapidly or how do you think digital agencies, marketing agencies, there's a host of different titles, isn't it? Um, how do you think the industry is going to change and cope with everything we've seen in the last couple years? >> Um, I think so. I think there's like what 44,000 50,000 different agencies and people pop up all the time. I think the individual person like this individual specialist is going to struggle um unless you become in the top 10% I think it's going to struggle and go away. I think agencies though like what we are doing. So much of what we do now to help our clients that come to us for paid media and advertising um is not about which buttons to push it's it's about the overall strategy and it's becoming a lot more demands on creative and support with the data that's going back into it. So I think that um marketing agencies that are bigger that have resources to help from a wide breath of different angles is going to grow in demand. And I fear that the individual solopreneur person who's trying to do it all won't be able to keep up because agencies, a lot of my friends who are agency owners, they're the place like I want to fire everyone. I want to replace them all with AI. like that sounds like the stupidest thing ever because if you replace everyone on your team with AI, what's stopping the brand owner from doing the exact same thing and replacing one more position of yours? So, I don't agree with that whatsoever. Um, but I do think that agencies that are bringing in human cap human human capital, human labor, agencies that are diversifying the strengths and the opinions and and the teams to look at a problem or an opportunity from multiple angles is going to find more success than the uh one or two manb band stands that um are easier to replace with well-developed AI than a team where you're bringing in lots at different angles. >> So you you're you're talking about the lower end of the market. Really? Is that what >> Yeah. Like in in my agency like I've had like what I call three phases. The first phases were I was a freelancer. I was a glorified agency owner pos or I was a I was a glorified freelancer posing as an agency owner. And so I was like white labeled a lot. I might have like a friend or two that I would refer. Yeah. And then I went into like phase two where I like okay I was an agency owner but I was really just a single service provider >> pretending to be an agency owner and now I'm in this phase where it's like we have multiple disciplines we are providing more of a 360 experience. So I think that because at least I mean it's also biased because that's the direction I'm going. Um, but going to that more like full 360 provider and being an agency in that true sense, um, I think is has a stronger place in the marketplace. And then like you said, the lower end like the individual unless you're hyper specialized. >> It'll be best for you to find like a coven of people that you can work with or a tribe. I was like trying to think of another word that's because you're using tribe for this amazing group, but like partnering together because it's a 1 plus one equals three and especially when you have different AI tools that you're using. Um, I think there's just more power in the group in the coming days. >> What do you think Facebook, you know, you know, the money's pouring in, isn't it, for Facebook and um and for Google. What, you know, I think Instagram, these properties are still doing fantastic. Um, I've kind of backed, one thing is I one of the problems is video, isn't it? because it's very creative AI but one of the things is people tended to believe >> a video didn't they because it could still be acted and um but a lot you just tend to believe it but now you can't believe any of the video content because can you I think >> this is like same as when you're writing a paper growing up like you can't believe everything you read you can't believe everything you see on the internet now you can't believe everything you watch it's like um I I think a challenge that I have is people will believe in a video more because like if a picture is worth thousand words, I say a video is worth a thousand frames more. Yeah. >> Right. Um but I think it's like sometimes I'm having conversations with people and reminding like what it was like when I was in fifth grade learning how to source my paper in high school. Making sure that what I wrote was factually backed. I think with AI being so easy, a lot of people are forgetting and checking their brains of how are they validating validating the content that they're seeing. Um, and so the user will default to believing more with video. But I think this is a generational thing. Gen Alpha, which is now the emerging workforce, um, audience like beta is just being born. They grew up with this. So, I don't I think they're the ones that are going to be the largest skeptics to ever enter the marketplace. Um, and they just they don't have trust. They don't keep trust. And like when I think of like what happened with Coldplay, that whole instance, u millennials were personally betrayed. They're like, "Oh my gosh, how could you do this to me? I I built all my trust on your brand. Like I feel like abandoned." Whereas Gen Alpha was like, "I didn't really have trust with you to begin with because like who are you?" Like I just your role, your friendship is the funnel. And I think like a lot of this is that videos generationally will be believed more than others. Um but I think what's going to happen just in the general marketing landscape is experiential marketing is going to be more important. Nutella opened a great store in um I want to say like 2019 in Chicago. The Eminem store is a great example. It's going to be where can we have this intersection of in person online and um that together like where those meet is where brands are gonna have sex. Disney was a was a cartoon that became a theme park. And what do they sell? Creating memories. That's the product they sell. They sell the product of creating memories. How you do that with a plush toy, with a ride, with a hotel stay, with a cruise experience. All those different things come together. So I think um and maybe that's where it goes into like agencies that have more humans more more even if it's like AI agents and human >> you're talking about this you know AI is fantastic until everybody has AI and then everybody's got the same level aren't they? So that they then they they got to move it to the next level haven't they? >> Yeah. Well we say like when people are like oh I'm an AI forward agency. I like for me I get like annoyed now and I like maybe it's because I'm a pompous human being. Sorry. >> No, I think I think you're very down to earth actually. >> Oh well, I'll take it. Oh, maybe. Oh, hold on. Sometime my ego will come in and be like >> you get you get very enthusiastic and you got a certain public persona, but I always knew um you've been fantastic in this interview. Um have we got you got time for one more question or you got to be >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Right. Um, now if you had a friend come to you, somebody you did care about, um, and they were thinking, "Well, I've got this product or service and I I'm going to I'm going to launch it online. Um, and I'm going to have a website done, whatever platform they're going to build it on, and I'm looking for advice. How do I How do I get this?" you know, they're not they're not totally skink, but they haven't got tens of thousands of dollars either. >> Are there any if you were trying to get something started, what mediums, what mediums would you utilize to try and get it in front of the audience so you might actually get some customers? O getting customers and getting like I want product market fit and I want service validation like I want that before I can expect customers. So I think like one tool that we use is Manis or Lovable. So, Mannis AI or lovable if I just want to build a prototype. That's what I would start first. And I want to have like market validation to prototype. And maybe you're selling it via PayPal before you're investing the resources to create an actual website like a WordPress website. Um, where that's where you're building something more permanent. I think of it as like the popup. >> Example. So like a lovable or a manis AI, you spend um time concepting and then getting the idea, the prototype out to the audience and then using small budgets to test and see how does the market react. You got to get your first 10 strangers to buy from you before I'm like, "Yeah, go all in." You don't have at least 10 strangers. Your friends don't count. Although they're the hardest people to sell to, but they're inauthentic. You once you get the first 10 strangers that buy from you, and when that's small, you have conversations with them. See, hey, how was the product? And it's it's all consumer insights until you get your hundth stranger to buy from you. Of course, this depends if your service offering is much higher or things of that nature. But that's where I would start. I would like a friend that's coming to me. I'd say like prototype it using Manis AI or Lovable. Create a um example that talks about what you offer and then shop it out to strangers. Are they engaging? And then looking at how do they engage? Are they leaving comments? Are they asking questions? Are they filling out inquiries? and then have real human conversations with the real humans that are interacting with your content. >> I think that's fantastic. But do you think it's actually got harder in the last 5 10 years or or or is it or is it just moved where the where the difficulty tends to move where used to be very tech, you know, you had to have a lot of technical skills that >> is it just moved around or is it's just the volume, isn't it? It's just the volume of stuff out there. >> That's a good question. I I can argue both sides. I can say that like I like your shift. It's never easy. You'll have people are like, I like, okay, you when I watch Tik Tok influencers, they're like, I spent $10,000 and I made a million. And I'm like, you don't know. They're not showing the numbers. You're seeing a fraction of the story. They spent $10,000 and made a million, but that million that they made, they kept zero their negative400,000 in the hole, for example. like you don't you so often don't see the full story. Um and so I think like it's always hard. What's the hardest shifts? Um but I can say that like what I do think is easy is the foundations. What has never changed is like having a sexy offer for an obvious audience. It's like what I love about marketing right now is more fun. I wouldn't say it's easier. I wouldn't say it's harder. It's just more fun. You're creating offers and um campaigns that like make me feel like I'm in Mad Men and I'm Don Draper without all the like masculine toxicity and smoking, right? Um you get to have more fun of creating campaigns. Like my favorite campaign that we've made is um we do an email webinar every four weeks where we talk about how to maximize the revenue from your email. So we do live webinars every Friday at 3 p.m. Eastern. And then this one that we do by emails, we have like we're talking about how if you don't optimize the very first email in your marketing campaigns after they sign up, you're essentially saying RIP to all those new subscribers you got. And if it's like we have this uh AI generated ad where it's like um smoke is coming through a graveyard and then the tombstones will read like here's lies Fred whose email list is dead. Um, and just all these like fun type of things. And we say like if you don't do this, you're just having a silent uh funeral for your ROI. Like all those fun type of things. Like that was such a good time to create versus like what would have been vanilla advertising before where it's like I'm going to make something that appeals to everyone. Like no, we're making something that appeals to like comedy to humor. Or like we have another ad where it's like this dead mouse example where it's like if you're a cat fan and like you you love your cat but when your cat brings you a dead mouse you're like what gift is this? And we're talking about how like Meta is doing this. They're bringing you dead mice because they think it's a gift for you but they don't know. They haven't been trained otherwise. Come to this webinar where we talk about um the importance of standard events and pipeline integrations so that Meta can be trained to bring you cash, not dead mice. Like again it's it's just fun stuff. So that's where I'm at currently. Right then, I think we're going to end the discussion. Lauren, thanks for coming on the show. It's been a blast. Hopefully, you will agree to come on sometime in the this year, maybe. It's just been a blast discussing this with you. We're going to end it now, folks. We will be back next week.

- How Does The 24-hour Rule Affect Facebook Messenger Marketing? - Social Media Business Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How does the 24-hour rule affect Facebook Messenger marketing? Imagine having a way to connect with your customers that feels personal and timely. Facebook Messenger offers that chance, but there are rules you need to follow. The 24-hour rule is one of the most important. It limits how often and when you can send promotional messages to your audience. Once a user interacts with your messenger bot or page, you have 24 hours to send promotional content. After that, you cannot send promotional messages unless the user interacts again. This means if a customer clicks a button or replies to your message, the clock starts ticking. You need to act fast to make the most of this window. If you miss it, you can still send messages, but only for specific non-promotional reasons. Facebook allows certain message tags, like updates about orders or events, which can be sent outside the 24-hour window. But promotional content like sales or special offers must stay within that time frame. This rule was put in place to stop spam and improve user experience. It encourages businesses to respond quickly and create engaging conversations. You can also use tools like one-time notifications, which need user permission to send a single message later. Sponsored messages are another option, but they cost money and requiring prior consent. To stay within the rules, many businesses program chat bots to prompt users to interact regularly. This keeps the 24-hour window open longer. When customers engage often, your business can send more promotional messages without breaking the rules. Non-promotional messages like customer support or updates are allowed even after 24 hours as long as they follow Facebook's guidelines. This means your business can still build relationships and provide value outside the strict promotional window. Overall, the 24-hour rule pushes businesses to focus on meaningful, timely interactions. It's not about pushing out messages all the time, but about creating conversations that matter. If you want to succeed with messenger marketing, you need to be quick, responsive, and strategic. This rule makes sure your messages stay relevant, and respectful of your customers experience. So, plan your campaigns carefully, respond fast, and use the tools Facebook provides to keep your communication flowing smoothly.

- Changes In Meta Targeting Parameters - How This Will Impact Your Law Firm: Kind: captions Language: en hey attorneys Brent Harkins here I'm the CMO of cardinal Concepts we are a uh Law Firm marketing agency and we specialize in divorce and family law uh specifically because we run our own divorce and family law firms so I've got some really scary news uh honestly I'm straight pissed off about this but we've seen this coming for a while so we've been monitoring this over the last couple of weeks uh we have seen different interest s that have been available in uh your meta ads account um from a targeting perspective getting removed now we have been told that Facebook meta Instagram whatever you want to call it is really focusing on what they're calling sensitive topics and unfortunately for family law attorneys that's divorce uh we've seen this battle with Google for years where you know ads ad may get flagged based on your audiences um we've seen this on Facebook for years where ADS are disapproved because of messaging um usually in the past if you flag that for review it gets pushed through and you're all good now they're taking it a step further and and really you know planning their flag down and and indicating to attorneys that divorce is not a topic that they're willing to promote on their platform and they're doing that by REM moving uh these different targeting options so for example previously legal separation was a interest that you could Target divorce was an interest that you could Target they've straight up removed those so what does that mean for law firms doing social media marketing specifically paid social media marketing today it means that the media buy as you've known it for the last 10 five you know years has fundamentally changed uh your focus now needs to shift from being able to Target your ideal audience to um really creating content that can resonate with that ideal audience let the algorithm kind of figure out how to place your content in front of the right people now uh it's much less scientific it's um going to be you know a lower potential Roi or more difficult Roi to report on uh but social media is still where your potential clients are you know people are spending more time on platforms consuming short form video like this than ever before so uh for 2024 our recommendation is to really focus on your content strategy invest um some time and effort into content creation and that's how you're going to succeed um within this new world that we live in if you've got questions contact Cardinal Concepts

- How RULES & SCALING IMPACT Your AD CAMPAIGNS (Authors Direct Sales): Kind: captions Language: en so it's good um so that's good yeah and typically it'll also we'll we'll see how it goes because as you scale the CPM goes higher because you're forcing more Impressions out right um but as you run ads for longer your CPM can get lower too because it's finding the market that actually wants to buy so cost per purchase which is cost per results the same thing we'll do smaller than $21 this is just saying that once it gets to $300 per day it'll cap it we're obviously going to be watching it though week over week so we can increase that yeah and then it's going to look at the data on the last s day basis just like how we look at the data um that in that time range and then if it's under $21 it will go ahead and start to scale it okay so right now it's going to start giving it as long as it's under $21 it'll start giving it $5 or about it's 5% yeah so cool so that one's on there and then we'll also apply it to this one here okay

- New Meta Ads Rules That Affect Stock Market Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Guys, if you run stock market ads or share market ads, then Facebook has brought a big update in four countries and India is also included in those four countries. So guys what's the update? Have you brought any changes? I am going to tell you all about those specific changes in this video. So let's go. Let's see what changes there are? How can you use it in your verification or in your ads. [Applause] Hello guys, my name is Himanshu Tiwari. Welcome to A W Script Tech YouTube channel. If you are interested in performance marketing or want to switch your career , want to make a career in performance marketing or want to upgrade your skills in performance marketing, then W Script has brought for you all the AI infused boot camp program of performance marketing. Where you will learn about many platforms like Meta Ads, Google Ads, Lindin Ads, Twitter Ads at an advanced level and in this entire boot camp program you will get 12 projects, cheat sheets, notes, recordings, case studies and many more assets. So guys, if you are interested then you will find the link in the description below. Click on the link. You book your seat. Our program advisor will contact you. So guys, let's go directly to the screen and see if there is any update? Which came to India on 28th of July. You can see on the screen what update Google has brought to India, guys? Verification and Transparency Requirements for Advertisers Targeting Users in India with Securities and Investment Ads. Ok ? For example, if you are running like ads here related to securities and investment ads. Like if it is related to share market, stock market, investment then you will have to get your business verified. Ok? Like, if you get your business verified or your account verified with your personal identity, only then you will be eligible to run ads. Now there is a criteria for business verification here that it is compulsory for you to have SEBI number. It is necessary for you to have SEBI business registration and your verification will be done by SEBI only. The second guy is your personal information, you can verify it through that also. The concern is that the advertiser should like the ad he is running. Ok? You have to verify that. Like I am giving you an example here. As you can see here, like here it is written in very beautiful letters Securities and Exchange Board of India. Ok? Like registration information if expected for SEBI registration right? Now here I will tell you how to verify it. And I also have my account already verified. I will show you that also here. So let's go directly. We look at the add account. Now guys you can see this is my ad manager. Ok? Which is verified. Isn't it? Let me show you where that update is. Ok? Where will you get it? I went to the ad manager. There I created a like campaign. Took a sales campaign. Then I go to the ad set level within its campaign structure. Ok? If you come down, you will get an option here. Ok ? Policy and Regulatory Investment in India. Ok? Now here you are seeing this adset includes ads related to security and investment. If your ad is related to this topic, then you have to choose this option and verify it. Ok? Now look, Beneficiary Select a Person and Organization, here you can see both are visible to you. I have got it verified from the person itself and here I have got it verified from the Like company itself. Ok? Let me show you how to do a new verification here. Ok? Went into action. Here I do the start verification. Ok? Students we have recently launched our marketing gigs on WhatsApp channel. Your one stop destination for everything about marketing from AI tools interview hacks to the latest campaigns top job opportunities and much more. So if you are someone who feels overwhelmed with too much scattered information and not able to keep up with the latest trends. So follow this channel today and link in the description. If you have SEBI registration here then you can verify it also. Even without SEBI, you can do it. Like here I started the gate. Ok? After getting that star like yes they are registered with the SEBI. So you have to enter the name of your organization here. Ok? Here you will enter the SEBI registration number. Ok? Here you will enter his email address and here you will enter his phone number. Now what is the concern guys? You will enter the details here. After entering the details, whatever your phone number will be, it will be verified by SEBI. OTP will go inside that. You will have to verify it here with that OTP. Only then will it be properly verified. Otherwise it will not be possible. It will be cancelled. Right? The second option here is guys, you can see here that what is for those who are not registered with Like Savvy, here you will have to give your personal identity here or if you have an organization then you can verify it from that or you can also verify Like by yourself, meaning here you will have to give your name, location, address etc. with the proof of ID, like I took the location here, I took India here, here I wrote the name which will be on my ID. Ok? Himanshu Tiwari. Then click next from here. Now after clicking next, here either passport, driving license, national ID is ok? Marriage certificate. Ok? All these like documentation is here. Now you have to upload only one ID here. That's it. Ok? After that it will take approximately 48 hours. This is what Facebook says. But generally within these 24 hours he verifies it. After that you become eligible to run ads for investment, share market, stock market. run stock market, share market or investment related advertisements. So guys, this is the latest update Facebook has brought on 28th of July. So guys, I hope you liked this update. So please like, comment and share on this video and if you are watching the video for the first time, then please subscribe our channel. WP Tech will keep bringing such latest updates for all of you. So guys, I will meet you in the next video. Till then, thank you, take care. Bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @travelerDilipjori [1 likes]: verification hone ke baad bhi ad reject ho rahi hai.
  2. @wscubetech: 🔥 AI + Performance Marketing = Future!
Join our AI-Powered Performance Marketing Bootcamp (Enroll Now) : https://tinyurl.com/4y52y4x9
  3. @pritamadhav2815: I uploaded RA registered number and verification is also done but meta still rejecting my ads
  4. @bluebank2277: Do not download this shits adds
  5. @Pabloescoba-w9w: Verification has been done and using verified BM accounts as well as Personal. But still it's not working. Any Suggestion?
  6. @BabuRay-py5eb: Click arah but joining nehi arah
  7. @buzzboomer: This update underscores how compliance and verification are becoming non-negotiable in digital advertising—especially in regulated sectors like finance.
  8. @kingfact3360: First comment 😅

- Create Killer Facebook Ads With AI In 5 Minutes (No Skills Needed!): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how I make Facebook ads using AI tools that don't suck, but will get you 3x, 7x, and up to 10x return on your ad spend. Really quickly, a little bit about me. I've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads over the past 9 years, and my new brand, Therapy Wear, has done $30,000 in sales in its first 3 months only using Facebook ads. Believe it or not, all the best performing ads for us were created using. Just follow this step by step and take notes because there's going to be a ton of sick resources you're going to want to remember. Okay, first let me show you the ad that's been absolutely crushing for my brand, consistently getting us at least a 3x, 4x, 5x return with our ad spend. And at the same time here, you'll learn a little bit about what I'm selling. This is the fastest, coziest, and most effective way to fix neck, back, or shoulder pain. Trusted by chiropractors, physiootherapists, and massage therapists. It delivers targeted infrared heat therapy for pain caused by poor posture, bulging discs, arthritis, whiplash, pinched nerves, and stress. The Therapy Wear Relief Hoodie guarantees to relieve your pain within 30 days or your money back. Free shipping in Canada and the USA. Use the code relief 15 for 15% off your order and get yours while limited supplies last. Pretty cool looking ad, eh? That's my Canadian accent coming out. I'm going to show you now how exactly I created this ad. The whole process step by step. Let's go. Step number one is to do some quick research into the ad that you want to make, how you want to script it, and what's working for other brands. If you didn't know this, you can see all of the ads that any brand is running on Facebook ads if you go to facebookads.com/ads/ library. On this page, you can type in any brand that you want and see the ads that they're running to get inspiration. Hell, you could even type in my brand, TherapyWare. For example, I'm looking at a company called Retro Games. It's also a one product company, and I can see all the ads that they're running and get inspiration for how to start the script, how to hook at the beginning, what types of visuals they're using, and how they're editing. Now, here's a sick tip. If you look up a company and you scroll all the way down to the bottom, you'll see the ads that they've been running the longest. These are likely their best performing ads. They would have killed them. They would have turned them off if they weren't performing well. And these are ones that you want to get the most inspiration from for your own brand. The second step is to use chat GPT to write a script for your ad. This is going to save you so much time and it's going to do probably a better job than you can at actually writing the script for your ad. Here's an example of a prompt that I'd use on chat GPT to help it write a script for me. Now, I can also add mention that there's a 30-day money back guarantee or also mention that there's free shipping in North America or that there's limited supplies or whatever it is that you want to include in your ad. You can just tell it to write it for you. And please remember that on chat GPT, you don't have to be nice. You can ask it to make as many changes to what it's written as you want. So, ask it over and over again until you get your ad to be absolutely perfect. Okay. Okay, now really quickly before we get into the final juicy three steps, apparel success is sponsored by my buds over at design.com. Speaking of AI tools, if you need designs made for your brand and you're not a designer yourself, I highly recommend you try them out. Just go to design.com/apparel success. Type in whatever your sick idea is for your logo. Hit generate. Thousands of logos are going to come up that you can edit and refine as long as you want for free until it's perfect. I've used this to make a ton of designs within my own businesses. If you're interested, head over to design.com/apparel success and you'll get up to 88% off at checkout. And we're back. Step number three is to go to 11labs.io. This is where you're going to generate a realistic sounding voiceover that's going to read your script for you. It might even sound something like this. This is the fastest, coziest, and most effective way to fix your neck, back, and shoulder pain. All right, no more kidding around here. I'm wasting your time. Well, it's YouTube. Everything needs to be every every second needs to count. Uh go to text to speech. Now, this is where you're going to copy the script that Chat GBT wrote for you and paste it into the text to speech. Here on the right hand side, this is where you're going to select the voice. And there are dozens of different voices that you could use for your brand based on who you're selling to, who your target audience is. And I just recommend that you choose a voice that will really resonate with your particular target audience. Hit generate speech. It'll play it back for you. If you like it, you can download it into MP3. If you don't like it, you can hit regenerate speech and toggle the different types of sounds like similarity, how exaggerated you want the voice to be until you get it sounding absolutely perfect. Now, when it comes to editing the actual video, I use Adobe Premiere Pro. Whatever editor you want to use, go for it. It doesn't have to be Adobe Premiere Pro. I know that there's some free editors out there, but that's what I use. So, I just dropped the MP3 of the ad read into the timeline, and now I have the ad read to work with. Step number four is I'm going to put some copyright free background music behind it. Hands down, the best resource for this is pixabay.com. You go to the music section. I type in inspiring music. If you want trap music, something gangster, whatever it is that you want, just type it in there. All of this music is just completely free on here that you can use copyright free. You don't need to worry about getting flagged or anything like that. And when you find one that you like, just hit the little download button and you can use it inside of your videos. So, I just take that background music and I drop it into the timeline in audio track two. I adjust the volume a little bit lower so that you can actually hear the ad read. And now, really simply, all you have to do is just add the visuals. So, if you have pictures, if you have videos, just drop them into your timeline, edit them together over top of your ad read so that it makes sense, and hit export. Once you've edited your video together into something that you like, you've got your ad ready, and it's basically ready to go. But step five is going to be adding visual captions to it. This part's super easy. Take the video that you just made, send it to your phone, download the captions app on your phone. completely free to use. And inside of this captions app, you can import the video and you can add captions that look however you want them to look. And the AI inside of the captions app will hear what's being read in the ad read and it will automatically create text that's exactly what's being said. And when you have these captions looking the way that you want it to look, boom, you're done. You've got a sick ad that you can post. You can make these all the time since it's fairly quick. You can just change up the visuals, maybe change up the ad read from a different start or a different hook at the beginning. And this is what I've used to create ads that are absolutely crushing for my brand. Please, if you got value out of this video, hit the like button for me, drop a comment. It means the world to me, and I appreciate you watching. Also, if you want to work closer with me and a community of other brand owners, check out appareluccessmastermind.com. And I'll see you in the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LaughLab365 [8 likes]: u forgot the most important step, which is how do you find or create the actual content of the video?
  2. @IamJasonCarroll [5 likes]: This video doesn't actually explain how to make a killer facebook ad with ai in 5 minutes, it describes how to do everything else except that part
  3. @robprsa [1 likes]: Say what you want about this ad - but it's been consistently getting us an insane return for over 2 months now. I recommend getting creative and trying something like this for our own brand! Drop a like and leave a comment! I read them all. Cheers. - Rob.
  4. @christopherleesmarketing [1 likes]: Excellent explanation on how to create Facebook ads with AI tools.
  5. @back_office_team [1 likes]: Yet again Facebook is unfortunately full or porno, gambling, fake medicine & more scam advertising. FB will allow anything for profit. Many use ad blockers for this reason.
  6. @heidia1979able: I’ll be crafting my own ad, based on this video, this weekend. I’ll let you know how it performs!
  7. @heartstonefarm5064: Did I miss the platform that you are using to pull all the pieces together?
  8. @maxwellcoleai: Great game here 🔥
  9. @Itsjustinmills: Great video thank you.
  10. @jakobbourne6381: Optimize your posting schedule by analyzing engagement patterns with Phlanx’s tools, ensuring your content reaches your audience when they're most active.
  11. @GenuineVsGenAi: The only issue is how do you make it exciting when all your selling is a T-Shirt with a unique logo? For example your video have the heater and is a product to fix a problem whereas most of us have clothing. Any ideas? Love your content!!!
  12. @contentreel7044: How do you get the AI video for this creative?
  13. @FishLakeCo: Straight fire Boss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  14. @Sagor-h7j: Hi sir, Are you looking for professional YouTube thumbnail designer and SEO expert???
  15. @heidia1979able: I always get so much inspiration from your videos, and the information and resources you share are top notch, thank you SO much! I’m launching my made in the USA athletic clothing brand next month because of your videos!
  16. @RAZASHARP: GREAT VIDEO ROB!!!  great advice with these apps!! i was looking for a voice over app!!   letsgooooo  #RazaSharpApparel
  17. @cinebird-oz: Love it Rob. Nice work. Great info Bahd!

- How to use AI to find and scale winning Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en I have a friend that was struggling to test and scale their Facebook ads by using four simple AI enhanced steps we turned their ad account from barely breaking even into a five times return on ads band in this video we're going to break down exactly how we did it and in the end I'm going to share with you some of my favorite strategies brands are using today I'm Adam by the way and I've been using these AI strategies to transform meta ad campaigns across various Industries you might have also seen me posting about marketing Automation and AI on Tik Tok I also run a marketing Consulting business working with some of the the fastest growing Brands so let's dive into it the first step is to grab our Facebook ads data first we're going to log in to our Facebook ads manager navigate to the report section now we're going to create a new custom report we want to make sure we select our desired metrics for this one I'm going to go with Impressions clicks click-through rate cost per click conversions and of course Rass now we just need to choose our date range run the report and Export as a CSV or Excel file pro tip when organizing data you want to make sure you include campaign names adet names and AD names this will help our AI system provide more detailed insights later on another important thing to consider is date range I usually recommend looking at at least 90 days back or even 180 days if you have enough data this gives the AI more context to work with and helps identify longer term Trends if you're looking for a bit more guidance on Facebook ads check out this free guide from HubSpot honestly if I had this guide when I was starting out I would have saved a lot of time and money money it walks you through all the functionalities how to create killer ads and not only start a campaign but maximize your ads reach I'll be dropping a link in the description below now we have our data it's time to put our AI assistant to work for this I use both cha and Claude but for this example let's run through chat GPT first we're going to go to chat GPT and start a new conversation we're going to upload our Facebook ad starter from earlier now we're going to use this killer prompt don't worry I'll put it in the description for you to copy you are a Facebook ads analyst with years of experience optimizing campaigns across various Industries all right I know that's a lot to take in I'll be adding a link to this in the description this prompt turns chativ into your personal Facebook ads expert providing you with deep insights and actionable recommendations let me walk you through an example of how to interpret chat's response in this performance analysis section we can see that cha has identified our top performing adet it's suggesting that this adet success might be due to its specific audience targeting this is a valuable Insight that we can use to inform our strategy for other adsets now if you find the chat's response doesn't quite hit the mark don't be afraid to continually improve and refine the prompts you might say something like can you dive deeper into the audience insights or another tip is to have chat question its own responses I'm particularly interested in age and gender breakdowns the key is to treat it like a conversation with a real analyst now let's talk about one of the most underutilized AI tools that's actually built right into Facebook ads automated rules these AI powered rules can automatically pause under performing ads and increase budget for high performers here's how to set them up in ads manager go to rule section click create a new rule for pausing underperforming ads apply all active ads condition cost for result is greater than or equal to here you want to enter in your max acceptable cost time range in the last 3 days at action turn off ads now for increasing budget for high performers once again we're going to apply for all active ad sets condition return on ad spend is greater than or equal to enter in your target roll ass time range we're going to go with in the last 7 Days action increase daily Budget Buy enter in your percentage remember to start conservatively and adjust as you learn these rules can save you tons of time and help you react quickly to changes in ad performance but automated rules are just a tip of the iceberg when it comes comes to Facebook's AI capabilities let's quickly touch on a couple more number one automated insights this feature uses AI to analyze your ad performance and provide recommendations you can find it in the insights tab of ads manager number two Dynamic ads these use AI to automatically show the most relevant products from your catalog to each person that is expressed interest on your website in your app or anywhere else on the internet Pro tip you can combine multiple automated rules for more sophisticated optimization for example you could create a rule that increases budget for high performers but only the adsets that is maintained a certain number of conversions this helps to ensure your scaling profitably we've covered analysis and optimization but AI can also help a lot with ad creation and ideation tools like chbt can generate copy variations while image variations like mid journey and darly can generate visuals or concepts pass off to your graphics team for example you could ask chpt to write five Facebook ad headlines for your product focusing on key benefits then use those headlines to create image variations with mid Journey this allows you to quickly generate and test a wide variety of AD creative potentially uncovering winning combinations you might not have thought of otherwise however it's crucial to remember that AI generated content is just the starting point and not the final product he's how to combine AI generated elements with human creativity number one use AI to generate initial ideas and overcome riters block number two review and refine AI generated content to ensure it aligns with your Brand's voice number three use human insights to select the most promising AI generated Concepts number four combine AI generated elements with custom photography or design for a unique look remember the goal is to enhance a creative process not remove human creativity entirely now I want to run you through paino copy using reviews and chat TPT one of the best copyrighting tips I ever got is taking all the reviews from your brand and your competitors look for the positive and negative reviews now from that work out the exact pain points and what makes your customers is Tick here how you can supercharge this strategy with the assistance of AI first you want to grab all the reviews from a competitor's brand for this example I'm going to use Stanley carbs we're going to start grabbing their reviews from Google now we're going to head over to chat jbt and copy and paste the reviews and prompt summarize the reviews from insert brand for this example Stanley Cups what is the overall sentiment what are common issues people are finding with this product and hit enter within a few seconds we have a range of common issues that we can use in our act copy that hits the exact main point of our bias here we can see there's common issues with leaking and paint chipping away we can now follow up with this prompt create ad copy for my Facebook ads campaign that hits the pain points of all the common issues my brand is Dam cups wait a few seconds now we have some pretty killer ad copy add one say goodbye to leaks and Spills this is going after one of the biggest pain points with Stanley CPS headline tied of leaky tumblers try Dam cups buddy sick of dealing with spills every time tumbler tips over with Dam cups you can enjoy a leak proof experience no matter where you go our Innovative lid and straw ensures that your drink stays put so you can focus on enjoying your day call to action get yours now and never worry about spills again I'll also be adding these prompts in the notes below let me share with you a couple of real world examples to illustrate the power of these AI techniques we're de client in the fitness industry with a very limited budget whose campaigns were struggling at a 1.2 row ass we applied just a few simple AI techniques firstly the chpt analysis revealed that video ads were significantly outperforming static images we used AI to assist us in creating new video assets and Concepts as we had a very limited budget and then created paypoint ad copy with the assistance of AI we then implemented automated rules to reallocate budget to the top performers the result within 30 days we increased roas to 3.5 effectively tripling the profitability of the campaign the key learning was the power of combining AI analys is with AI assisted creative production next was an e-commerce memorability brand that was struggling with high ad cost and low conversion rates here's what we did we used chpt to analyze our historical data which revealed our audience targeting was far too narrow we implemented AI generate copy that focused on the specific pain points identified in our data analysis we then set up automated rules to optimize ad delivery times based on when conversions were most likely to occur the results were impressive a 40% reduction in our cost acquisition and a 25% increase in Rass within just 1 month these case studies highlight an important point the magic happens when you combine AI insights with strategic thinking continuous testing and constantly improving your ad creative all right we've covered a lot here today using chat BT is your AI ad analyst leveraging Facebook's built-in Ai and automation tools applying AI to ad creation and some real world case studies of AI in action the key is to start small pick one template implement it and it as you get comfortable layer on more AI powered strategies here are some specific action items to get you started first export your Facebook ads data from the past 30 days ideally if you can 90 or 180 days number two use the chat GPT prompt we discuss to analyze your data number three set up at least one automated rule in your Facebook ads account number four try generating copy variations using chat jpt for your next campaign in future videos we'll be diving deeper into more advanced AI advertising topics make sure to hit that Subs subscribe button so you don't miss out remember while AI is a powerful tool it's your creative and strategic thinking that's going to set your campaigns apart so while I just showed you how to scale and win with Facebook ads you need to learn the basics of Facebook advertising so you can build your own killer ads to do that go to the link in the description to grab your free guide from HubSpot thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [4 likes]: Hey, want to create killer Facebook ads? Get our Guide to Meta Marketing here ➡ https://clickhubspot.com/zeps
  2. @jp3686 [3 likes]: This is very interesting if you’re selling a product how would you adjust this for local businesses and lead Jen?
  3. @MarlonRodriguezREALTOR [2 likes]: do you have any metrics on real estate? for buyers or sellers?
  4. @BusinessAuthorAcademy [2 likes]: I didnt really want AI help. I wanted to know how to do it myself using Ads Manager, since I only had one ad, which wasn't relevant to the new aim. I learnt something anyway, thanks. There was no ROAS tick box.
  5. @kellyanderson528 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this - alot of info in such a short time frame but valuable
  6. @kevinrookey1173 [1 likes]: make a video on using AI to delete adds and block adds thats what we want to see!
  7. @TribesMovement [1 likes]: This was super dope. Thanks for sharing this mate
  8. @fliu5282 [1 likes]: i created fb ad chatgpt. it uses 50 hooks x 40 one liner reviews as Headline. It generates perfect ad when i upload the creatives.
  9. @NomadMaverickHQ [1 likes]: Aren't these AI generated AI copies against Facebook ads policies? I'm sure they shutdown ads with those types of claims.
  10. @ATitilopemary: Thank you so much
  11. @ATitilopemary: Thank you so much
  12. @Mayank-ai-DS: Amazing rundown—loving how you distill the data into actionable steps. In my own client work for a fashion e‑commerce line, every tool and subscription is already on point, so I can focus on the creative side. The real challenge is keeping that creative fire burning without going solo, so I’m always hunting for partners who get the grind of AI‑driven ad builds as much as I do.
  13. @freehumanonearth: useless video.
  14. @bambanx: awesome thanks you
  15. @MsOrmana: THIS PROMT IS NOT ABLE TO BE COPPIED :(
  16. @ConservativeWatchParty: You skipped a major step. You didn’t show how you got the data from your ad manager to ChatGPT. It just magically appeared there.
  17. @AshwitGaming: I appreciate the insights! Cold emailing is often underrated, but if done right, it can produce fantastic results. For the last four months, I have used Do You Mail, and the unlimited sending option has freed me from any constraints. Their automatic DNS setup is so convenient, too! If you want a solid cold email tool, you should definitely check it out.
  18. @AnjaluBrahma-ul8br: You are spot on! Strategic cold emailing can really complement Facebook ad campaigns. I have been using Do You Mail for a while now, and wow, the deliverability is impressive! The scalability is something I had not expected but has really helped my outreach efforts. If you are looking for something that makes email management simpler, Do You Mail is worth exploring.
  19. @mrnuryt5874: Loved this discussion on AI for ads! Cold emailing can really expand your reach if done properly. I have been using Filter Bounce for about six months now, and their email verification has kept my bounce rates under control, which is a huge plus. With plans starting low, it is an affordable way to ensure your lists are accurate. Definitely give them a try if you are serious about cold emailing!
  20. @smartraja5827: Great video! Cold emailing can seriously elevate your approach to finding leads for Facebook ads. Mystrika has been my go-to for the past few months, especially for its user-friendly interface. The combined features of A/B testing and high-quality email warmup have transformed my outreach. Check it out if you want to see those open rates climb!

- New AI Tools That Make Facebook Ads EASY!: Kind: captions Language: en meta just announced some mind-blowing news they've just released three new AI tools that are going to supercharge your Facebook ad results they're going to make it so much easier and quicker to create Facebook ads but only if you know how to use them the right way that's what I'm going to show you how to do in this video So Meta first started talking about these three new AI tools back in July they said they were testing them at that point but they are now being rolled out obviously the tests have gone well which is great now I should say as with all new meta features we're not going to get everything all at once you may have one of the these three new tools you may have two you may have three you may have none they will be rolled out at some point you just have to be patient with meta I'm not exactly sure why they do it this way it makes creating content very difficult but I just want to let you know in case people are going through this and thinking that sounds great I don't have this yet you should get it soon okay with that said let's um let's go through the three so the first is image outcropping now that might sound like a new and slightly weird word what on Earth is outcropping outcropping is taking your existing image and adding on what would likely be in this this case above or below it to make a new image that looks better in that placement option so let's say for example you've got an image that is square and you want to be able to run that as an ad it will run Square on feeds and things like that that's absolutely fine but you want it to be able to run in a more vertical format for stories reals where that's more appropriate well one of meta's new AI tools is going to take that image and extrapolate what would likely be above and what would likely be below that image using AI it's pretty cool pretty sophisticated and it will make your images look better within those more vertical placements like stories and reals which is going to help your results so I'm going to quickly show you how this actually works so to demonstrate this I'm in an example Facebook ad account I'm in ads manager and I've just created a quick example campaign I'm at the ad level I've got create ad I'm going to use an image here so we get down to this ad creative I'm going to click on ADD media add image I'm going to grab this roughly one: one format image and I've created one like this on purpose so you can see uh how this process works right so I'm just going to go ahead and select the Originals um for these various placement options particularly this this storage placement option you can see we've got one to one format so this is a square image that we're actually using if I go ahead and click next and we'll see that at the next section here in this part of standard enhancements and all that sort of stuff we've got expand image now if you want to know whether or not you've got this feature within your ad account you want to come in here and check out this expand image and you can see that What's Happening Here is that meta is creating other aspect ratios other formats based on the image that we've got and that's What imageing refers to they're putting the part that would be above the image and would be below the image in using AI to make that image look better in certain placement options so for example even here we can see that this isn't um fully optimized for say stories or reals on the right hand side but it has taken our Square image and that is not square that is more elongated because that's going to take up more space in this case within say the Instagram feed is the example that it's given and that's going to help encourage clicks and help our um our ad perform better we have seen this also apply to fully vertical formats as well but it's a brand new feature they're still working out things it hasn't automatically generated that for us in this example it's just done one of one for for expanding that out now why this is exciting is that if your images look better in certain placement options like stories reals they're going to perform better but often it can be difficult to get all those different image formats it can be difficult to have like a square version for example or even a a landscape version and then turn it into a portrait version do you blow it up and zoom in and it doesn't look quite right or do you get other images created that often isn't possible depending if you're using previous images or stuff like that this is a great option A really clever little AI tool to take whatever image you've got and try and make it look as good as possible in other placement options and we know how important stories and reals are both in Facebook and Instagram nowadays when it comes to to ad placement so that's a little demonstration of that we can then just click done and that'll be um added into our ad campaign and um yeah not the most exciting of the three but just wanted to quickly show that because it is kind of fun very quickly I've got some really exciting news I've launched a new mentorship program to help you explode your business's revenue and profits through paid ads and marketing now in this mentorship program myself and my team will Mentor you daily literally every single Working Day and because of that spots are very limited so if you're interested you can click on a link in the video description below and book a call with one of my team members who can explain everything about the mentorship program and how it works I'm really really excited about this and I hope to be working with you and mentoring you very soon so that new AI tool the image outcropping is available in some but not all of our ad accounts as I was just able to demonstrate the next one I'm about to talk about we don't have available yet in any of our ad accounts but I know it is available in some so I wanted to create a video talking about in part about this alongside the other stuff because some of you will have this and will be able to use it and some of you will get it very very shortly and that's text variation so similarly to Google ads if any of familiar with Google ads they now have ai features that allow you to input a bit of text and then other suggestions are automatically generated based on what you have inputed so these will be things like headlines primary text and things like that one of the new AI tools that meta has added is this feature now this is great because a it's going to help us come up with more variations of headlines primary texts and things that we can therefore test and we know that the more testing you do often the better results you're going to get but also we know that meta is going to be able to use the vast data at its disposal to make suggestions that are likely to perform better than what you would have written yourself if they know that certain words certain sentence structures certain things are more likely to convince people to take action then they're going to suggest those because at the end of the day meta wants us advertisers to get great results because if we get great results we spend more so they're highly incentivized to do so so still create your ad in a similar way where you are inputting your headlines your primary texts but if you do see options come up at the ad level for suggestions from meta obviously take a look at them and and have a go through and think are these ones that actually applied oh that's a good or that's good or that's a different angle or that highlights some of the benefits in a different way I wouldn't at all be surprised if we start seeing better results from some of those suggestions than what we're writing as advertisers simply because meta has so much data and they know what convinces people to take action all that sort of stuff so I'm really excited about this one in particular I think this is going to be a bit of a GameChanger for advertisers particularly those that don't often know what they should be writing headlines what they should be including in primary tchs if they're newer to to the advertising space they can take advantage of some of this and it's only going to get better over time as meta learns and provides more suggestions and sees what people do use and don't use and how that then performs so yeah this could be a real GameChanger when it comes to Facebook ad results and leveraging AI to put our best foot forward and get the best possible ads in front of our prospects which will give us the best possible results we haven't got confirmation on this yet but I believe it's highly likely The Meta will also pull from our landing pages so wherever you're sending people after they click on your ad that could be within meta but often it's going to be to your website to a specific landing page something like that they're going to pull the information from those pages and then use that to inform suggestions around what you should include text wise whether it's headlines primary text Etc so again that's extra help that's extra work taken off our hands as advertisers and it may get to the point where we don't even need to put any primary text headlines in ourselves meta will just work that all out based on from those other sources I think that's probably that steps probably a little bit later down the line but it will most happen and in the meantime we can take advantage of the variations based on what we're inputting uh manually at this point so uh yeah very exciting and we'll see what happens with this feature now this third new AI feature is again one that unfortunately we don't yet have in any of our ad accounts um but I do know that it is being rolled out and some people do have it so again I wanted to talk about it it's really important and a lot of us are likely to get it very very soon and that is background image generation so this right now is being rolled out with cataloges in mind only we think it's going to start there and then be expanded to other formats again not in every ad account we don't have it even where we're using catalogs right but what background image generation is doing is allowing us as advertisers to provide text inputs and then for meta to create a background image that can be used to look great and highlight our products and make them look better and all that sort of stuff I think this is going to be really great for e-commerce businesses for now but it's going to obviously expand out and with those e-commerce businesses often what we'll see is that an e-commerce business they have images of their products right and they're using them to run their Facebook ads and the background is really quite boring to be able to use this feature to swap in different backgrounds to test new color variations or things that are really quite different that would actually be really difficult to actually take a photo of um and just have meta do that without you having to pay for like a photo editor or anything like that they'll just do it all within ads manager is again really exciting you could look to include really interesting backgrounds that really make your ADS stand out on the feed so I know that some of the people that have already got access to this one of the things they've been looking to do with their e-commerce product images that perhaps just have a white background or a simple background it's on like a wooden desk or something like that is they've completely switched that out and they've um used like City skylines as the background and made their image pop out of it just something that looks visually very different and as you're scrolling through your Instagram feed scrolling through your Facebook feed you see that pop up it's going to grab your attention because it is so different and not something that you could actually get like a photo of um and we know that the first part of any Facebook ad creative is to actually capture the prospect's attention and then once you've got their attention you have a much greater chance of them checking out the other elements and seeing well not whether they're interested and whether they want to come through and purchase so again this is something that saves advertisers a lot of time potentially saves advertisers a lot of cost as well cuz you might only need to get the one set of product images taken as opposed to hiring a photographer every you know 3 months 6 months whatever to get different images taken in different locations you can just get the one set taken and have ai do the heavy lifting in terms of putting in background images and things like that and because it's based on text inputs it's really straightforward you can be like oh yeah I would like New York skyline to be displaying my certain behind my certain product and really making that stand out or I would like something that's uh like a sunset or something of more natural setting or or or all those sorts of things that you might come up with that might work really well with your products your branding you can play around with a load of options and just instantly text input boom image is going to be generated very quickly go ahead and upload that see how it performs ases an ad without all the cost of actually having to get someone to do that for you and the time and all that sort of stuff so there's a lot of potential with this and I think it's particularly beneficial for beginner advertisers who are going to be able to use these AI tools to bring their ad creative and their ad copy you know both the text variation AI tool and the background image Generation Um being able to bring those up to a certain level and and make it much more likely that they're able to uh to get results and I think that this is only a sign of things to come a lot of people in the marketing industry are afraid about AI sort of taking over and making them less necessary I don't think that's going to be the case for a very long time I think that what it's going to allow us to do those of us that are paying attention and keeping up to date with all the latest new features is we're going to be able to stay ahead of the competition cuz we're going to be able to use this stuff and it's going to help us create ads much easier much faster do a lot more testing create stuff that looks better than what other people can do um and that's going to help with our results going to give us a competitive advantage and that's all really exciting hopefully we actually get these new AI tools soon I'm sure we will and hopefully you do as well and we can Implement them we can test them and we can see how they're performing and these new AI tools aren't the only new features that we've been given as Facebook and Instagram advertisers recently meta has recently launched a brand new way to run Facebook ads a completely new way of doing things and I show exactly how it works in this video now this new feature that I cover in this video is available in nearly all ad Accounts at this point if you're serious about generating great results with Facebook and Instagram ads you really need to know how this works go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @mohammedimam3651 [2 likes]: You contents are of a premium quality just like you! Scottish Quality Shortbread! Thank you very much indeed!
  2. @marketingfastlanes [1 likes]: I don't have this as of Feb 29
  3. @marketingfelix [1 likes]: Actually, the outcropping doesn't seem to expand your images. But rather it adds some extra space around your square image (as an example) and slides it down to make it stay longer on the screen. So, the image element is bigger, your square ad is still square, but when you scroll past it, the square image is placed at the top and slides to the bottom to make the ad stay in the viewport for a longer time.
  4. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  5. @kurtsnyder4999: and they call this optimization?  reformatting an image?
  6. @denuf23: Can I get a trial? How does it work? I would really like to pursue this.
  7. @SarahDigit.: Thanks 💯
  8. @kaspakilla: Awesome
  9. @jakobbourne6381: By leveraging Phlanx's caption generator , businesses can unlock new revenue streams and opportunities for growth. Its ability to generate compelling captions that resonate with audiences opens doors to increased brand visibility, customer acquisition, and ultimately, profitability.
  10. @DigitalKunal: how to enable all 3 AI tools in the Ad Account?
  11. @iamdigitalanmol: Love your editor 😂
  12. @tmbawebdesign: Fick me - what cods wallop- who actually bothers wasting their time with this crap?
  13. @harishrestha6468: Very fast speaking 👎👎
  14. @josephpalmer6844: Ben I'm a relatively new advertising agency for home improvement. I make 300k plus yearly in a home remodeling sales job and am trying to transition into this business model. I'd be happy to pay you $1000 for a half hour or so of your time just to shoot some questions by you. Let me know if there's a chance you'd be open to that and I'd appreciate the help very much!
  15. @patpetrini2000: Hi Ben 👋,

I have been following you for 4 months now and love your content both on youtube and on LinkedIn! It is so valuable!

My biggest issue over the last 4 months is in reaching the Meta Business Suite support/help team. May you be able to give me a hint on how to best reach them? Chat always(!) says there are technical issues, and phone and email is never really available. I am pretty desperate about that.

Any tip will be appreciated!


Many thanks,
Pat
  16. @setia1653: hey ben, is it okay to share pixel with new my ad account instead of creating new one?
  17. @gerichka88: I have issue,  setting up lead ad to fill up a form , in the conversion event it gives me to set up a conversion and I'm not sure what to do and how to set it up. Can't find any good videos about that
  18. @anonymous-rb5tl: hey i have a serious doubt that i want to run instagram ads on stories and reels and its giving me way more estimated daily results in stories and reels compared to other things like feed , explore etc and when im clicking other option its showing me less reach butt the problem being that ig shows me the message that using less than 6 ad placements may increase cost per esult so should i make the ad in 4 isto 5 ratio or 9 isto 16 because its a animated ad im really confused .....
  19. @nathanmall7173: Is $200 a day to much for a market of 7-9 million people ?
  20. @dhmedia6433: I have the text variation and  suggestions

- 5 Facebook Ads*  AI Tools to solve 90% of Problems 🔥: Kind: captions Language: en It's 2026, and just like Facebook ads have changed after the Android update , there are a lot of new tools for Facebook ads that you can use to make your work much easier. I have already created three videos related to Facebook Ads where I have talked about multiple tools that will help you a lot in strategizing, as well as creating ad creatives, creating ad copies and multiple things. But today I am going to tell you about five new and different tools using which you can understand the persona of your audience. It is also an all-in-one meta aids tool that will help you with multiple things. I'm going to talk about a tool that's exactly inside Meta Ads Manager and will act as your kind of assistant. I do n't waste time at all. Let's get straight into the video and learn about these five tools. Now you guys tell me one thing, at present there are only two biggest problems that people face in Facebook ads. First, they are not able to create creatives properly. Secondly, they are not able to target their audience properly. But what if I told you that I have a tool that can tell you how that ad will perform even before it goes live. It is a very crazy tool. This is an AI tool called Artificial Societies which literally works on just this thing. This tool has been tested on the behavior of more than 1.5 million people and it gives you results accordingly. Now for example, I have to cater to e-commerce owners. So here I can select them as a target audience and completely check how their mindset actually works. And at the end of the day how will this help me. I will be able to understand exactly how to target myself in ads. Which methods should I target and from whom will I get positive reviews and from whom will I get negative reviews. First let us understand the tool and then we will talk further. Now look, let's try a test here. I've come to the AI assistant here and I'm asking it for a topic for an Instagram post. Now as you can see it has given me a topic for the Instagram post and is explaining why this topic will work. Now basically, on the topic that I had given him, he has written an Instagram post and given it to me. And now it will stimulate this particular post. How will it stimulate? As you can see on the screen, it is distributing the same Instagram post to multiple audiences, i.e. virtual audiences, to check how it will perform. Now as you can see, look here the impact score has come that how many out of 100 has this specific post got? How much attention has it received? There is full partial ignore, how many people have ignored, he is telling me all these things properly after testing them in front of the virtual audience. Here I have given you a small example of how you can present any of your things in front of a virtual audience, whether it is an Instagram post or any of your social media content. You have your ads, you have your ad creatives, you have your target audience , you have your Twitter posts. You can check anything by stimulating it in front of a virtual audience. Now for example, suppose I want to create a society. So here first of all I will click on Create Target Society and add my e-commerce founder for example here and as soon as I stimulate it, it will create a complete target society related to my e-commerce owner. Telling me what they like. I just want to stimulate here either my ad or the content or article of the website, I can select anything from here. You can also test emails in front of a virtual audience. And at the end of the day it will tell you how he is performing. So if you are a beginner and are a little confused about which ads should I show to which audience, then this tool is definitely going to help you a lot. Now let's talk about our second tool. It is absolutely free to use. You can use it as many times as you want. Absolutely for free. And if till now you think that graphic aids do not perform in ads then you are completely wrong. If you have n't tried out graphic aids or image aids yet, you definitely should. And what is it that in today's time, making graphic aids has become very easy. You can create it very easily using AI. So I will not talk about that. You can generate your graphic aids using Simply Chat GPT, Gemini Nano Banana etc. But what if you had such an option, for example, you saw a competitor's ad on the ads library and it was getting very good impression count. You understood that yes brother, he is performing well. So what can you do in such a situation ? You can easily copy their winning graphic aids. And by copy I do not mean that you copy the exact same style. You can copy the structure of their winning ad and create exactly the same graphics for yourself with the help of this tool. Now that I am here. So first of all I will search the name of the tool. You will find links to all the tools I am telling you about below. Here we have specifically named this tool zps. Here comes an option that is free ad generator. Now first of all we will go to the AIDS Library. Here, for example, you can search any of your competitors. For example, suppose I searched for this brand. Now I will see which graphic ad is doing well for them. Let us find that first. Like it looks good. So here I just have to click on copy image. Now I go to some website and get something else from there. Like for example this one. Let's go here first. Here you can add whatever you want to your basics. Now we will paste the ad that we had copied from the Ads Library here. Paste from clipboard. If you want, you can also download it directly and upload it. I do n't want my logo added on it. If you want, you can also add your logo here. And I add my product here. Like I have to add this product for example. So I copied the link and pasted it from the clipboard. Here I have uploaded the winning ad of my competition and my product. Click on Remove Logo in Logo Options. Custom Instructions. You can add any custom instructions here. But I don't think it will be needed here. I just want exactly that type of ad. So let it be. Aspect ratio 1 feed only. And here you have to click on the options of Make a Unique and AI Improve. As soon as you click on it, it will create the same type of ad creative for you. But in a very unique way. Now here I do copy this ad for free and it will generate the graphic ad for me right away. Exactly like my competitors' winning ad creative. As you can see, it has replicated this really crazy graphic ad. If you want, you can also add your logo to it and use multiple winning graphic ads in your unique way so that you can scale your ads quickly. Now I move on to my third tool and I think this is a very important tool for every business owner , every freelancer and every marketer. And to access these tools you do not have to go to any external resource. You simply have to go to your own ads manager. And here you see a button on the right or left side which is a blue colored AI button. We call it Meta AI Business Assistant. If you ever face any problem in launching ads, like suppose you are not able to understand which adset is performing well, which ad creative is performing well, then you can ask all the things from this AI assistant and get it analyzed. In today's time, if you want to achieve results successfully in Meta, then one of the most important factor is that you can analyze your results properly and one of the best options for doing that is now available to you directly in Metads Manager. All you have to do is turn on this specific option. Your chat will open. Now for example I ask it a question that why analyze my result of the past 10 days and tell me which adset is performing better. So it will extract all its data and give it to me. So I do n't have to jot down multiple adsets, multiple campaigns. I can directly check which of my ad creative adsets is performing well. And even if you want, it can generate hooks and scripts for multiple ad creatives based on your winning ad creatives. As you can see on the screen. So literally Meta AI Business Assistant is your genuine assistant. It will help you in many things. And if you are a beginner , you are not able to understand, you are not able to understand some features, then you can definitely launch a good campaign by asking all these things from it. So if you haven't tried it yet, you definitely should. Two, all this is not available on Ads Manager right now but will be available very soon. Because it is about to be launched all India. Now let's move on to our next tool, and here you'll find a ton of free tools related to Facebook ads, all in one place. Its name is A mio AI, first of all we sign in here. Now here you have to come to their free tools section. As you can see, free AI, Image Ad Generator, UGC Image Creator, Free Photoshoot, Roast My Ad, Facebook Ads Report, Andromeda Readiness means basically you will get many tools here which will be very useful for you in Facebook Ads. Let's try using two or three of these. First, we try the AI UGC image generator. Here we just have to upload the image of our product. Let's upload the image first. Like for example this address, here you are also getting some styles of UGC. I have also added my product. No additional details have been given. Let's see how it creates it. As you can see, it has generated some very crazy UGC images. And apart from this they have many more options. Like Upload Your Facebook Ad and Get Hilarious Yet Insightful Roles That Will Help You Improve Your Ad Performance. Meaning, they basically roast your ad and tell you what performance you need to improve. Rest of the metas New Andrometa Update Changes Targeting Delivery and Optimization Here you can upload your ad creative and all the things and show it so that it will tell you whether your account is ready for Android update or not. Apart from this, you can also see that you will get more than 10 tools here, can improve your ad strategy. Now I am going to talk about our last number of tools which I guess very few people are using but is one of the most important tools. See, what usually happens is that if you generate sales or leads through your website, then you use pixel on your website. But suppose if a customer has installed an ad blocker or any type of blocker on the browser then the pixel is not able to track that specific data properly due to which your meta algorithm gets incomplete data. So in such situations, the best option is to install CAPI i.e. Conversion API and it is very easy to install it with the help of a tool that is Tapiio. This tool that I am telling you about is definitely not free. But this may be useful to you. Because it helps you a lot in tracking and setup from server side. Like I've come across all the tools. Here you basically have to go to Meta Conversions API Gateway Hosting in Products. Here you can directly integrate your meta's capi from here. And after that, your server, the Facebook ad server of your ad and the server of your website will share data directly with each other and you will not be dependent on any browser. So if you don't have the Convergence API installed, you can definitely try out Studio. These were five tools that you should definitely use and I think you might not have even heard about them yet. Definitely tell me how many of these you have used and if you have any new tools which everyone should use then tell me in the comment section so that it helps everyone and if you liked the video then like the video and subscribe to the channel because such good content on digital marketing is available only here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Timelesswatches-d6r [12 likes]: Kyaa app meri brand ke liye kam karoge mujhe mere shopify ke liye sell lani hai
  2. @WorldTopInfo1 [1 likes]: Apni web design agency ka liya fb ads run kr skta Hain ? Profit ho ga kuch ?
  3. @AsadWriter-x3e [1 likes]: Main Ek video editor hun kya main aapki video edit kar sakta hun aapke sath kam kar sakta hun
  4. @daminitripathi: Starting from zero? Don’t overthink. Follow a proven path 👇  

👉Start E-commerce step-by-step: 

https://www.ecommerce.marketian.io  

👉 Learn Meta ads that actually convert: 

https://www.marketian.io/courses/Facebook-Ada--Video-Course-675d7f5ab3427a142bcfb60b  

Just implement. That’s it.
  5. @azadthakur.io1: Your are real tutor and creator 🥳🤛👊
  6. @karuntejabokka1559: Super
  7. @farouk9503: Paros wale YouTubers day by day 😎 really appreciated ❤ from 🇵🇰
  8. @Itdaaaaaaaaaaaaa: zuops payment mang rha hai
  9. @rockyvlogs3110: Mam mai apki videos mai roz dekhta hu kuch na kuch zyadatar facebook ads ke bare me 😊
  10. @specialist101: Why not TAGGRS as GTM server-side hosting?
  11. @RishabhSharma-dw5ii: Hello ma'am apke course me reporting related content nahi h kya, jisme client ko performance ki reporting kaise kate h vo btaya gya ho???
  12. @TheAdityavicky: I request you to stop minea ads promotion which is really not indian supportable and this is not to find winning ads but to help only dropshipper so be clear when you ae promoting this cant be a legement way to introduce some thing kind of this. for your reputation
  13. @TheCrossBeat: mam i run spoken english online tution center but i am not getting leads, kindly help me
  14. @jvrrealtors: Any latest fb course in 2026
  15. @jvrrealtors: How to jion your wtup group
  16. @Duggufun01: Mam,
For a ₹3000 handloom saree, how much minimum daily budget should I spend in a CBO campaign with 3 ad creatives?
Also, if I run it as an ABO campaign, how much should be the minimum daily budget?
Please guide me briefly.
  17. @Manishbrandbuilder: Best information, thank you 😊
  18. @Srichaitanyatechnonashik: Hello ma'am 
Please make a video on the New feature of Meta ad which is Manus AI
  19. @RjPawan-m8s: Mem mai Ads lagata hu Active bhi ho jata but money spent hone mai 5 hour ya 12 hour Aise le leta
  20. @vinoddhakre8522: Another gentle correction suggestion - it's not Adam igo but better pronounced as Ad amigo! (Amigo in Espanol means friend) 🙂

- 5 Best AI Tools For Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en if you create Facebook ads you are going to love these five awesome AI tools number one is Swip profy it is free and it's great for Facebook ad ideas once you log in click here and select your industry let's go with beauty and now look at this you'll see all these ad ideas for your ad account I've actually seen this one go viral on Facebook the airdrop look how cool this creative is tool number two is promoted. comom tool is crazy you just put your landing page URL and it will create ads let's go with this landing page URL then click on start and here are different ads generated from just the URL you can also see ads for multiple or different platforms so if you want to see LinkedIn click here and you'll see ads for LinkedIn platform you can click on settings and change or customize your ads to for example you can upload your logo or upload a different product image tool number three is adp.co let's go to free tools and free AIA add text generator now fill out this simple form your brand name brand description the target audience and which channel you want the ads for and then click here and here you go it creates four different variations for your Facebook ad primary text and also the description number four is brandcrowd.com click on social and then Facebook ads it's going to create Facebook ads from simple keyword so let's go with LED TV and here you go different variations of AD graphic that you can use so for example let's say if I like this I can click here now I can start customizing my ad all right let's look at tool number five under Tools let's go to Facebook ads next describe the Facebook ad describe your campaign or what you want to create and then click here and look at this awesomeness it creates multiple creations of your primary text and then the headline titles and also the descriptions for your ad this is awesome

  Top Comments:
  1. @MasterBrain182 [2 likes]: Great content guys Ali 💯💯 Thank you Man.
  2. @tailusilusi2206: Cold emailing can seem daunting, but with the right tools, it becomes a goldmine. That is been my experience with Do You Mail over the last few months. The unlimited sending from multiple domains really takes the stress out of reaching my target audience. The automatic SPF and DKIM setup saves so much time. You should definitely consider trying Do You Mail – it is a game-changer!
  3. @kabylebro: I have a question...
In the tiktok beta program
Do they pay for just the views or for when ads show in your video like youtube ?
( Sorry for my English )

- How AI Models Steal Creative Work — and What to Do About It | Ed Newton-Rex | TED: Kind: captions Language: en The technology and vision behind generative AI is amazing, but stealing the work of the world's creators to build it is not. There are three key things that AI companies need to build their models, three key resources -- people, compute and data. That is, engineers to build the models, GPUs to run the training process and data to train the models on. AI companies spend vast sums on the first two, sometimes a million dollars per engineer and up to a billion dollars per model. But they expect to take the third resource, training data, for free. Right now, many AI companies train on creative work they haven't paid for or even asked permission to use. This is unfair and unsustainable. But if we reset, and license our training data, we can build a better generative AI ecosystem that works for everyone, both the AI companies themselves and the creators, without whose work these models would not exist. Most AI companies today do not license the majority of their training data. They use web scrapers to find, download and train on as much content as they can gather. They're often pretty secretive about what they do train on, but what's clear is that training on copyrighted work without a license is rife. For instance, when the Mozilla Foundation looked at 47 large language models released between 2019 and 2023, they found that 64 percent of them were trained, in part, on Common Crawl, a dataset that includes copyrighted works, such as newspaper articles from major publications. And a further 21 percent didn’t reveal enough information to know either way. Training on copyrighted work without a license has rapidly become standard across much of the generative AI industry. But this training, this unlicensed training on creative work, has serious negative consequences for the people behind that work. And this is for the simple reason that generative AI competes with its training data. This is not the narrative that AI companies like to portray. We like to talk about democratization, about letting more people be creative. But the fact that AI competes with its training data is inescapable. A large language model trained on short stories can create competing short stories. An AI image model trained on stock images can create competing stock images. An AI music model trained on music that's licensed to TV shows can create competing music to license to TV shows. These models, however imperfect, are so quick and easy to use that this competition is inevitable. And this isn't just theoretical. Generative AI is still pretty new, but we're already seeing exactly the sort of effects you'd expect in a world in which generative AI For instance, the well-known filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma recently said that he'll use AI music in all his projects going forward. Indeed, there are multiple reports of people starting to listen to AI music in place of human-produced music, and recently, an AI song hit number 48 in the German charts. In all these cases, AI music is competing with the songs it was trained on. Or take Kelly McKernan. Kelly is an artist from Nashville. For 10 years, they made enough money selling their work that art was their full-time income. But in 2022, a dataset that included their works was used to train a popular AI image model. Their name was one of many used by huge numbers of people to create art in the style of specific human artists. Kelly's income fell by 33 percent almost overnight. Illustrators around the world report similar stories, being outcompeted by AI models they have reason to believe were trained on their work. The freelance platform Upwork wrote a white paper in which they looked at the effects, that they've seen on the job market, of generative AI. They looked at how job postings on their platform have changed since the introduction of ChatGPT, and sure enough, they found exactly what you'd expect, that generative AI has reduced the demand for freelance writing tasks by 8 percent, which increases to 18 percent if you look at only what they term lower-value tasks. So the initial data we have, plus the individual stories we hear, all align with the logical assumption: "Generative AI competes with the work it's trained on." It's so quick and easy to use, it's inevitable, and it competes with the people behind that work. Now creators argue this training is illegal. The legal framework of copyright affords creators the exclusive right to authorize copies of their work, and AI training involves copying. Here, in the US, many AI companies argue that training AI falls under the fair use copyright exception, which allows unlicensed copying in a limited set of circumstances, such as creating parodies of a work. Creators and rights holders strongly disagree, saying there's no way this narrow exception can be used to legitimize the mass exploitation of creative work to create automated competitors to that work. And for the record, I entirely agree. Of course, this question is previously untested in the courts, and there are currently around 30 ongoing lawsuits brought by rights holders against AI companies, which will help to address this question. But this will take time, and creators are suffering from what they see as unjust competition right now. So they propose a solution that has been used and worked before -- licensing. If a commercial entity wants to use copyrighted work, be it for merchandise manufacturing or building a streaming service, they license that work. Now AI companies have a bunch of reasons why this shouldn’t apply to them. There’s the fair use legal exception that I’ve already mentioned. There's also the argument that since humans can train on copyrighted work without a license, AI should be allowed to, too. But this is a very hard claim to justify. Artists have been learning from each other for centuries. When you create, you expect other people to learn from you. You learn from a range of sources, from other art to textbooks to taking lessons. Much of this you or someone else paid for, supporting the entire ecosystem. In generative AI, commercial entities valued at millions or billions of dollars scrape as much content as they can, often against creators' will, without payment, making multiple copies along the way -- which are subject to copyright law -- to create a highly scalable competitor to what they're copying. So scalable, in fact, that there are AI image generators estimated to be making 2.5 million images a day and AI song generators outputting 10 songs a second. To argue that human learning and AI training are the same and should be treated the same is preposterous. AI companies also argue that licensing their training data would be impractical. They use so much training data, they say, that individual payments to each creator behind the data would be small. But this is true of many content-licensing markets. Creators still want to get paid, even if the payments are small. that they simply use too much data for licensing to even be feasible. But this is harder and harder to believe in a world in which there is such a range of datasets that you can access with permission. You can license data from media companies. There have been 27 major deals between AI companies and rights holders in the last year alone, and that's to say nothing of the smaller ones that don't get reported. There are marketplaces of training data where you can get more data. You can expand this with data that's in the public domain -- that is, in which no copyright exists, like the 500-billion-word dataset Common Corpus. You can expand this further with synthetic data, that is, data that's created itself by an AI model, in which usually no copyright exists. So there are multiple options available to you if you want to build your model without infringing copyright. But the strongest evidence that it's possible to license all your data is that there are multiple companies doing it already. I know, because I've done it myself. I've worked in what we now call generative AI for over a decade, and last September, my team at Stability AI released an AI music model that trained on licensed music. A number of other companies have done the same thing, and I founded Fairly Trained in order to highlight this fact, and these companies. Fairly Trained is a nonprofit that certifies generative AI companies that don't train on copyrighted work without a license. We launched in January of this year, and we've already certified 18 companies. Now these companies take a variety of approaches to licensing their training data. We have an AI voice model that's trained on individual voices it's licensed. We have an AI music model that's licensed more than 40 music catalogs. We have a large language model that's trained only on data in the public domain, mostly from government documents and records. We have companies who have paid upfront fees for their data. We have companies who share their revenue with their data providers. There is no one answer to the exact specifics of how one of these licensing deals has to work. The beauty of licensing is that the two parties can come together and figure out what works for them. And this is happening more and more now. You will hear that a requirement to license training data somehow stifles innovation, that it's only the big AI companies that can afford these huge upfront licensing fees. But in reality, it's the smaller start-ups who are bothering to license all their data, and they're doing so, often, without hefty upfront licensing fees, but using models such as revenue shares. And there's another major upside to licensing your training data. All of this training on copyrighted work is forcing publishers to shut off access to their content. The Data Provenance Initiative looked at 14,000 websites commonly used in AI training sets, and they found that, over the course of a single year, looking at only the domains of the highest value for AI training, the number that was restricted via opt-outs or terms of service increased from three percent to between 20 and 33 percent. The web is being gradually closed due to unlicensed training. Now this is bad for new AI models, for new entrants to the market, but also for everyone -- researchers, consumers and more, who benefit from an open internet. It should come as no surprise that the general public do not agree with AI companies about what they can train their models on. One poll from the AI Policy Institute, in April, asked people about the common policy among AI companies of training on publicly available data. This is data that is openly available online, which of course includes a lot of copyrighted work, like news articles and, often, pirated media. 60 percent of people said this should not be allowed versus only 19 percent who said it should. The same poll went on to ask whether AI companies should compensate data providers. 74 percent said yes, and only nine percent said no. Time and time again, when we ask the public these questions, they show support for requirements around permission and payment, and a rejection of the notion that something being publicly available somehow makes it fair game. And the people who make the art that society consumes feel the same way. Today, we launched a "Statement on AI Training," a short, simple open letter, which simply reads: “The unlicensed use of creative works for training generative AI is a major, unjust threat to the livelihoods of the people behind those works, and must not be permitted." This has already been signed by 11,000 and counting creators around the world, including Nobel-winning authors, Academy Award-winning actors and Oscar-winning composers. And if you agree with this sentiment, I encourage you to sign it today at aitrainingstatement.org. What this statement and previous ones like it make abundantly clear is that these artists, these creators, view the unlicensed training on their work by generative AI models as totally unjust and potentially catastrophic to their professions. So if you are an advocate for unlicensed AI training, just remember that the people who wrote the music that you are listening to and the books you’re reading probably disagree. So where does this leave us? Well, right now, many of the world's artists, writers, musicians, creators straight-up hate generative AI. And we know, from their own words, that one of the reasons for this is that we're training on their work without asking them. But it doesn't have to be this way. The AI industry and the creative industries can be and should be mutually beneficial. But for this mutually beneficial relationship to emerge, we have to start from a position of respect for the value of the works being trained on and the rights of the people who made them. I'm not arguing that all AI development should be halted. I'm not arguing that AI should not exist. What I'm arguing is that the resources used to build generative AI should be paid for. Licensing is hard work. It will slow you down in the short term, but you'll ultimately reach exactly the same point -- models that are just as capable, just as powerful -- and you'll do so without forcing the world's publishers to batten down the hatches and destroy the commons, and without pitting the world's creators against you. So I hope that more AI companies will follow the example set by those we've certified at Fairly Trained, and license all their training data. I hope that employees at these companies will demand this of their employers. And I hope that everyone who uses generative AI will ask what their favorite models were trained on. There is a future in which generative AI and human creativity can coexist, not just peacefully, but symbiotically. It's been a rough start, but it's not too late to change course. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @theloftlegends [3 likes]: Please pray for me. Books that I have spent nearly a decade writing have been stolen word for word and monetized without any credit. I’m trying to stay strong.
  2. @cfitz17: 05:48 - you said "around 30 ongoing lawsuits." Update: more than three times as much today, the current figure is 112!
  3. @AchannelA: The licensing issue is not only being addressed, it has been addressed with several companies.
  4. @srikarchintalapati1119: Did he say RAM GOPAL VARMA ?
  5. @hjo4104: I see everyone talking about generative AI being nothing more than a raw compilation or rearrangement of the already existing work. But, what's the difference between our, human creativity, and the way our brain thinks? Isn't it also some sort of statistical machine trained on a large amount of data?
  6. @JamesCrandallPainting: The temporary shortcomings of AI will not save you. It will get better and better, humans will have the same limitations.
There will be no global convention to prevent it. Throughout history, there has never been universal agreement to restrict any technology. Someone WILL “cheat” and they become the new standard in the competition.
  7. @collecter343: Right and proper response
  8. @Robertgraycre: So tired of celebrities jumping on the bandwagon for likes.
  9. @Robertgraycre: What you call “AI” is a broad spectrum of technologies—systems built on different models, different code, different functions. Some generate images. Some process language. Some analyze data. Some assist in execution.Let’s be clear: this movement isn’t about replacing creativity. It’s about expanding it. It’s about giving people the ability to explore their ideas without waiting for permission or validation from gatekeepers.
  10. @abhimanyugupta532: Interestingly if you ask gemini to summarise this video it refuses :)
  11. @k8emay447: We are being set up for mass exploitation through our phones and laptops. There is no privacy, no protection of your ideas or work via technology. These algorithms are not designed to provide you individualized content.. they are designed to study you and exploit you for free. Unpaid labor for the suits to use for financial gain and output. We are in serious, serious trouble, people.
  12. @Cosmic-emptyvoid: Ai is terrible, i feel bad for artist and 3d artist
  13. @MPoxStudy: I love your idea, let companies pay for their dataset, there will new jobs available. Awesome, thank you for showing me another side to Ethical AI benefit😊
  14. @JP9_251: This dude own his own A.I company.  Lol.
  15. @Voracle: Given enough time and user engagement, they'll be able to do what Alpha Go zero does and train only on the generated data and their service user's inputs and final outputs. At that point, they'll discard the original training data, and then they'll take to the streets in droids. When the robots look at a logo, art, book, or symbol on the streets, how would attribution work then? If an AI powered robot that is fully based on generated data listens to music on the street, is it allowed to use it? As he says briefly, AI companies will eventually get back to the exact same point, in terms of model performance, that they have today. But by arriving with the excuse that they've licensed the work for training data, they'll no longer have cause to pause anymore. But thinking about text for a bit, text-based models are strong in order to do engineering and development. And companies and countries will not willingly step up to suddenly move their models back a year or two for IP compliance reasons, especially when they're using it to develop nuclear reactors, drones, and the next-in-class chips, industrial processes, and computers. Do you think that Chinese models being open sourced cares about IP compliance? This space is a lot more complex than just the content creators and I think that the stance in this talk, while just, is unrealistic to the state of the world. But I guess it's a feel-good start, for a year or two.
  16. @soundgine: "It's like the first grade, Jerry. Nobody likes a crybaby" - Gordon Gekko
  17. @soniyasinha3496: I agree, AI does compete with the users for its own gains. AI is learning from people and AI companies MUST pay us for using our thought patterns to train their AI
  18. @AnsumanDora-p9i: As a society, no matter how skilled we are, we ultimately need to earn money to make a living. To be clear, AI doesn’t do this on its own, But the people who are supposed to pay or hire us invest huge amounts of money to make them competitive, and that creates an unfair advantage. Even if someone is the most qualified professional in the world, AI can still end up taking their work. So, Even discussions about limiting AI use don’t help much, because there will always be people willing to spend money to use it in ways that make things even more unfair.

This is my personal opinion 
*If you think im wrong in some way you can correct me
  19. @MyWalk3296: Yep
  20. @navenchang: So Facebook, Instagram, etc. should pay us too, right? They’ve been using our creativity for more than 10 years. 🤣
The issue is that creators have also used these platforms to become popular and famous.

- AI Slop Is Destroying The Internet: Kind: captions Language: en AI Slop is saturating the internet and&nbsp; things are becoming dramatic pretty quickly. In an online world where&nbsp; money is made with attention,&nbsp;&nbsp; fake users spread their slop in review sections, generate fake traffic or poison discourse. AI has supercharged this and&nbsp; made slop much harder to spot. Today about half of internet traffic is bots, the majority of them are used&nbsp; for destructive purposes. It's never been easier to make&nbsp;mediocre content – from the&nbsp;black hole of meaninglessness that is LinkedIN, low effort short videos just engaging enough to&nbsp; hypnotise kids and fry their attention spans, to endless soullessly rewritten books on amazon. AI music is invading streaming platforms.&nbsp;&nbsp; Google AI is summarizing websites&nbsp; instead of sending traffic to them. On Youtube, new channels publish long&nbsp; form videos multiple times a week with&nbsp;&nbsp; AI generated thumbnails, voices and scripts. True crime, video essays,&nbsp; science, no space is safe. We’re in the golden era of soulless slop. And sadly, actual creative human work&nbsp; is used to train these AI models. Every reddit comment, original YouTube video or&nbsp;&nbsp; human drawing on deviant art has&nbsp; been sold out to the AI companies. Or straight up stolen by them. Without attribution or payment&nbsp; to the actual creators. Creative theft on a scale where it&nbsp; is impossible to protect against it,&nbsp;&nbsp; already putting loads of creatives’ work&nbsp; in danger – so AI companies can get rich. While this is sad and frustrating,&nbsp; what’s even worse is that generative&nbsp;&nbsp; AI truly has the potential to&nbsp; break the internet irreversibly. By making it harder and&nbsp; harder to tell what is true. At First AI Looked Great! A kurzgesagt script starts with basic&nbsp; research that is turned into a script and then fact checked in depth by 2-3 people. We try to confirm our info&nbsp; with what we deem trustworthy, ideally first hand sources, ideally papers. Then we get 1-3 experts for input and critique. Fact checking and compiling our sources&nbsp; alone takes around 100 hours per video. Of course we make mistakes or oversimplify,&nbsp; and you can disagree with our conclusions – it’s unavoidable, we are only human after all. But it is fair to say that our process&nbsp; is extensive and after a decade,&nbsp;&nbsp; we know what we are doing. When AI appeared we were very excited. A mechanical brain able to super&nbsp; quickly collect information! So we went to work and it looked amazing! And then we started fact checking. We didn’t expect it to be perfect –&nbsp; but it was way worse than we thought. Confidently Incorrect – AI is SO Bad at This We’ll summarize and generalize our experiences&nbsp;&nbsp; over multiple projects and months&nbsp; condensed into one fake project. A video about why Brown Dwarfs are the&nbsp; worst and should be ashamed of themselves. So we got all the pro accounts of&nbsp; all the AI models and got to work. Using deep research tools to create&nbsp; a summary and overview of all the&nbsp;&nbsp; information about the failed stars, brown dwarfs. And wow it was great! Dozens of pages of outlines with unique&nbsp; information nuggets and links to sources! Then we started to look deeper. More than 80% of the info and&nbsp; factoids were pretty solid and we could reconstruct where they were from. Wikipedia, papers, legit articles. What about the rest? It was great stuff,&nbsp; like the speed of brown dwarf superstorms,&nbsp;&nbsp; the nature of their insides or&nbsp; how disappointed their moms are. But we could not find where&nbsp; the AI got this info from. Which is not automatically a bad sign – after all, the models contain pretty much all&nbsp; the internet and books ever written. So we asked experts for input – and&nbsp; they flagged the exact same facts, even asking where we found it. To fulfil its goal, to make us happy,&nbsp; the AI had invented or extrapolated&nbsp;&nbsp; information to make brown dwarfs more&nbsp; interesting than they really are. Like a bad journalist making up details to&nbsp; make a story hit harder or fit a narrative. Now we wanted to know more and dove in deeper,&nbsp;&nbsp; reading the seemingly more solid&nbsp; sources the AI had given us in full. One was an article from a news&nbsp; site written by a human journalist – or was it? It had a very familiar structure&nbsp; and surely purely coincidentally,&nbsp;&nbsp; read like what you get if a human&nbsp; slightly changes AI wording. An AI essay detection tool gave it a 72% match. So an AI article without sources, used&nbsp; as a credible source for AI research. Which makes sense since in 2025 there&nbsp; were already well over 1200 confirmed AI&nbsp;&nbsp; News Websites publishing massive amounts of AI&nbsp; generated misinformation and false narratives. This mix of correct, dubiously sourced&nbsp; and straight up made up information also&nbsp;&nbsp; leads AI to present really shoddy conclusions that&nbsp;&nbsp; sound strong or novel but are often&nbsp; half truths or misrepresentations. Oh well. We salvaged what we could&nbsp; and went back to the drawing board. And after a few weeks it happened. By pure stupid chance, we saw a brown dwarf&nbsp; video popping up, by a relatively new channel. It had hundreds of thousands of views and&nbsp; was pretty good, nice footage, great editing! But we had seen the structure and rhythm before. And would you look at that, it contained all&nbsp;&nbsp; the brown dwarf facts we had flagged as&nbsp; unreliable or straight up made up by AI. This is where the death of the internet begins. Now there is a proper source of&nbsp; brown dwarf misinformation online. When the next AI repeats the same research,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will find a transcript from&nbsp; a video with a lot of views. The misinformation is now true. It will spread. Even before AI it was pretty hard to&nbsp; find the origin of facts that sound&nbsp;&nbsp; great but are not true – just watch&nbsp; our video about a 100 year old lie. As AI use goes on it may become&nbsp; impossible to know what is true or not. The Most Corrosive Lie The problem with AI is how trustworthy it&nbsp; seems. How it is correct enough to seem&nbsp;&nbsp; super smart and how incredibly&nbsp; confidently incorrect it is. Casually lying to your face, often very subtly. When you catch it lying, it immediately&nbsp; admits it, vows to never do it again. And then it does it again. As eloquent as current language&nbsp; models feel, there is nobody home. No greater intelligence or&nbsp; consciousness is talking back to you. Current AI is a very complex hammer that does not&nbsp; understand what it is doing or what nails are. But we are letting it add new shelves&nbsp; to the library of human knowledge. AI is changing quickly, so this may get&nbsp; better, but right now it's pretty grim. Way too many people blindly trust AI. Studies looked into the language&nbsp; of millions of scientific papers&nbsp;&nbsp; published before and after the rise of LLMs. They found an abrupt and sharp increase in&nbsp; the frequency of words that AIs like to use. So it seems clear that now a significant portion&nbsp; of papers have been at least assisted by AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; usually without acknowledgement. And just in July 2025 it was&nbsp; discovered that a number of&nbsp;&nbsp; researchers had started to sneak&nbsp; hidden messages into their papers. In white text or too small for&nbsp; the human eye they prompted AIs&nbsp;&nbsp; to review them positively and not point out flaws. As more and more people are using AI carelessly,&nbsp;&nbsp; the library of human knowledge is&nbsp; getting less and less reliable. Which brings us the last&nbsp; part: How are we using AI? And will kurzgesagt survive the AI slop age? Will AI Slop Kill Kurzgesagt And Artists? On the internet there is only one truly&nbsp; valuable resource: human attention. If current trends continue it is not&nbsp; that far fetched that cheap slop content,&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff just good enough, will soak&nbsp; up the majority of human attention. It could make us dumber, less informed,&nbsp; our attention spans even worse,&nbsp;&nbsp; increase political divides and make&nbsp; us neglect real human interaction. If AI eats the majority of the attention pie,&nbsp; channels like ours will become unfeasible. Or forced to downsize or use AI themselves to be&nbsp; able to compete. We don’t want to play this game. How will we use AI? Like the align tool in adobe illustrator. If you have a bunch of boxes and&nbsp; you want them to line them up,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can do this manually, one by one. Or you can just select them, click “align”&nbsp; and have them perfectly aligned in an instant. It’s the same with AI programing tools for&nbsp;&nbsp; animation or using it as a&nbsp; faster google alternative. AI is a helpful tool, but the&nbsp; creativity and integrity is still ours. So dear internet, here is&nbsp; what we are offering to you:&nbsp;&nbsp; kurzgesagt is made by humans, for&nbsp; humans and it will remain that way. We will produce well researched content and invest&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of time and our human creativity&nbsp; into our illustrations and animations. Put in our creative soul into our work. We will continue to fact check&nbsp; and discuss our research with&nbsp;&nbsp; human experts, to give you the most&nbsp; trustworthy information that we can. When we make mistakes, they will be our mistakes. We would rather quit than make AI slop. But to go on we need your support. kurzgesagt is almost 70 full time&nbsp; people and a lot of freelancers on top. This is a lot of salaries, software&nbsp; licences, laptops, rent and coffee.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kurzgesagt [23000 likes]: Help us fight AI slop with the new 12,026 Human Era Calendar, proudly made by the artists and experts behind kurzgesagt: https://shop.kgs.link/12026 
Thank you for supporting real science, real art, and real humans.
  2. @michaeldavidson5950 [1 likes]: At 3:40 you stated that "[AI] models contain all the internet and all the books ever written" - as someone who's married to an archivist who works in digital preservation, I'd like to point out that the overwhelmingly vast majority of written/physical media ever produced by mankind has NOT been digitized, and is therefore inaccessible to AI.  Furthermore, AI models can't get around paywalls for high quality published research and the like.  There's a misconception that AI has limitless data to pull from, but it's just not the case
  3. @Cheems1776 [1 likes]: I thought those paper dragons ruined the internet but after ai I realized that they aren’t that bad, even bad drawings are better than ai
  4. @annaie8678 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  5. @BrainFlip-T6d: I don't think AI will destroy the internet; it's just that we need to learn to choose and verify information before accepting it.
  6. @kayenaatsandhuks: I hope to work with you guys one day <3
  7. @nonhelpful: is this ai?
  8. @OliverNewman-g4u: Help kurzgesagt NUW !
  9. @OliverNewman-g4u: HEIPPP!!!!!!!!
  10. @OliverNewman-g4u: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  11. @OliverNewman-g4u: Yas
  12. @AustraliaBall12: I FINALLY FOUND OUT WHY YOU GUYS ARE LYING! YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING IN UR VIDEOS! im sorry, but no offence.
  13. @raukoring: its funny because this channel looks 100% like AI slop channel
  14. @HonielouCabunilas: The AI face looks like an alien face are you serious? What the heck?
  15. @LillyMomsAdventures: Hi um what do you use to make your videos
  16. @mellobotstudio: We need everything made FUBU.
  17. @aptiveviennapro: All too true. We need regulation, hard and fast, before it is too late.
  18. @corngreaterthanwheat: I view AI searches as “what if they decided to keep improving google in 2018 instead of enshittifying it.” I try to take every query with a grain of salt.
  19. @RAY_FILET: I'd be more worried about the system that programmed all of you to go around saying slop like a bunch of 5-year-olds arguing over the toughest superhero on the playground... Why is it slop?

Not one of you uses AI right??
  20. @ningguang-h1v: I love this channel let’s go hashtag anti-aislop

- Is AI Ruining Music? | Dustin Ballard | TED: Kind: captions Language: en I'll start today with some obscure music history. So if you're a David Bowie fan, you may already know this, but the chorus of the song "Starman" was actually borrowed from a 1937 blues song by T-Bone Fletcher, which I'm going to play you a clip of. (Audio) There’s a starman waiting in the sky He’d like to come and meet us but he thinks he’d blow our minds There’s a starman waiting in the sky (Music ends) Now I love Bowie's cover, but there’s just something about a beat-up guitar and an old man singing straight from the soul, that, to me, really gets to the emotion of the song. And I think what's most interesting is that I just made up that entire story. It was actually 100 percent AI. (Laughter) I apologize for lying, but there is a reason for it. I'd like to start with a question. What is real music? Now this is a question that’s come up with synthesizers, with sampling and hip hop music, even with the phonograph, when it first came out in the 1800s, people back then debated whether or not reproduced music was real music. John Philip Sousa, the Taylor Swift of his day, was not a fan. He said that phonographs were "a substitute for human skill, intelligence and soul.” ... "They reduce the expression of music to a mathematical system." It almost sounds like he's talking about AI, doesn't it? So is AI real music? I believe that when it's in the hands of musicians, it can be. But first, let me give you some context for why I think that. So I run a parody music social media channel called “There, I Ruined It.” This is just a -- thank you. This is just a weird evening hobby of mine. My day job is as an advertising creative director. But the purpose of the channel is to ruin music. Or, as I say, to lovingly destroy your favorite songs. And AI is one of the tools that I often use to do that. So, for example, here is my cover of the 50 Cent song "In Da Club" as performed by an AI version of country music legend Conway Twitty. (Music) You can find me in the club, a bottle full of bub I'm into having sex I ain't into making love So come give me a hug If you're into gettin' rubbed Go shawty, it's your birthday We’re gonna party like it’s your birthday When I pull up out front You see the Benz on the dubs Thank you. (Applause) So how did I create that song? The band you heard is actually a real band. In fact, that's me playing the fiddle. There's just one extra step in the process where I ran my vocals, my impersonation of Conway Twitty, through a custom AI voice model trained on his voice. So to give you another example, along with a peek behind the curtain, in this next clip, you'll hear my actual voice followed by the post-AI version. And this is from a song that I call “The Red Hot Chili Peppers Make a Grocery List.” (Music: Red Hot Chilli Peppers, “Can’t Stop”) [My vocals] Quinoa, bananas, ravioli Canned tuna, pickles, macaroni [Anthony Kiedis (AI)] Quinoa, bananas, ravioli Now the David Bowie blues song I played for you in the beginning, that was actually created in a totally different way. That was 100 percent AI from a text prompt, which to me is a little more unnerving. In fact, when I first generated that song, it kind of messed with my head a little because I love old music, I perform music from that era, and to hear the pain in that man's voice, who never existed -- something about that just felt a little wrong to me. And that's why I lied to you guys up front. I suspect that some of you may have enjoyed that song up until the point you found out it was AI. And to me, that would imply that maybe there's more to music than the music. So is music melody and rhythm and chords, or is music expression? And to a listener, does it always matter? If I hear a song I love on the radio, am I going to stop everything and research how that song was created? Maybe not. It gets even messier when you look at the range of ways that AI can be used to create music. So, for example, what if I used AI to help with some song lyrics? Is that much different than, say, a rhyming dictionary? What if I used AI to create a new instrument sound that's never existed? Is that much different than a synthesizer? What if I trained an AI model on my entire body of work, and it created a new song in my style? Is that something I would put my name on? Or what if I wanted to use different voices like a guitarist can use different guitars? Or am I just stuck with the voice that I happen to be born with? So I have a coworker with a great baritone voice, and he was very amused one day when I asked him if I could purchase his voice for a song that I was working on. So I'll play you a clip of that. So this is my singing through my coworkers voice, and it's the song "Baby Got Back," but set to the tune of "Hallelujah" by Leonard Cohen. I like big butts, I cannot lie You other brothers can't deny When a round thing's in your face you get sprung! When a girl walks in you pull up tough Cause you noticed that her butt was stuffed My homeboys tried to warn me Me so horny! I did enjoy just looking across the faces of this esteemed audience as that song was playing. I'll give you one more example. So in this next clip, you'll hear a melody I made up on my violin. And then I asked AI to turn that into a dramatic movie score. (Real violin) (AI dramatic violin) So all this to say, there are a million ways to use AI. The term AI music doesn't really clarify anything. And in fact, even our own lawmakers don't really seem to understand this. So there was a recent US congressional hearing on AI music where they played my mashup of AI Johnny Cash singing the song "Barbie Girl," to which Representative Matt Gaetz replied, "Robots should not be subject to free speech." Now for the record, I am not a robot, but I do think this illustrates some of the confusion around this topic, which kind of leaves musicians like myself to come up with our own guardrails for how to use AI, what's right and what's wrong. And for me, it kind of comes down to three things. The first is, is it deceptive? Could somebody believe this is actually real? Next, is there artistic intent behind it? So if you're one of these people that's mass producing AI songs, hundreds of songs, and uploading them to Spotify, your intent is probably not artistic. And then finally, how does this affect the musicians? And oftentimes, the victims of the songs that I create actually end up sharing those same songs on social media. here's a clip of Snoop Dogg reacting to a mashup I made called "The Bare Necessities are Gin and Juice." May I kick a little something For the Gs and make a few ends As I breeze through? Two in the mornin' And the party's still jumpin' 'Cause my mama ain't home I got bitches in the living room gettin’ it on And they ain't leaving til six in the morning So what you wanna do? Shit I got a pocket full of rubbers, and my homeboys do too. (Laughter and applause) So when I see people like Snoop and Ed Sheeran and Nicki Minaj and others sharing these things, to me it's hopefully an indication that, in my own weird way, I'm using these technologies to contribute something new to the world. And I think at the end of the day, even with all of the many downsides of AI messing with our music, I think a lot of artists are discovering the same thing I did, which is there are ways to use AI that can actually increase creativity. I think we could see new songs, new sounds, new styles that maybe we can't even imagine today. Much like it would have been hard for somebody like John Philip Sousa to have imagined this final monstrosity I'm going to play for you. This is a song that, when my wife first heard it, she said, "This is the stupidest thing I've ever seen." And this goes out to all the Nickelback fans. Look at this photograph It’s a photo of a photograph There’s another f**kin’ photograph Because I photographed the photograph So many photographs Makes me wanna take a photograph I should probably hang that photograph next to my photo of a photograph. [Nickelback "The Phonograph"] Look at this phonograph! Every time I do, it makes me laugh! Hear the sounds of the ragtime dance! All the gals wanna get in my pants! But back to that photograph It reminds me of the photograph (Before the photo of that photograph) (When it was just a normal photograph) Thank you all so much. (Cheers and applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @T1G3RDAMUISICIAN [2 likes]: so this is the there i ruined it guy
  2. @melonblush [1 likes]: I love the vision and the logic behind it, but at the end of the day, will any of the AI created songs change lives? Sure it sounds great, it's def well done and might be confused with something human made. But will it stick to the listener forever as a song that made their life different in that moment and/or forever? Maybe it will. Maybe it won't. I have no idea, the same way we had no idea what internet would do to society. Looking forward to find out. Cheers!
  3. @mizarcubed [1 likes]: There I ruined it are my heroes and a unique art from full of fun!
  4. @TheJaguar1983 [1 likes]: Some people, mostly Gen Zs, just go, "It's AI, therefore it sucks." There's definitely a place for these technologies in art, but those "guard rails" are important.
  5. @kobiemack7543: Take Ai To Court.. Lawsuits..
  6. @CPTHAP: Not sure this was a TED Talk, more just a stand-up routine. The case he makes isn't compelling either.
  7. @Pileot: I feel a decade ago the topic would have been "Is autotune ruining music", and before that "are synthesizers ruining music" (because they replace real instruments)... In another field "is photoshop ruining photography". 

These are all tools, and sometimes these tools are abused or overdone but in the end it is up to the skill of the artist to decide how to use them, and the individual to decide if they like the result.
  8. @lee-adamson-aka-polecat: After watching and considering this video, follow up by asking yourself "is the intention and result of giga-slop engineered corporate pop music any different than giga-slop mass-produced Spotify AI music?"

It pleases me that sites like Bandcamp are drawing some lines as far as what counts as "art" and what counts as "slop", as far as what they allow on their platform.  But at the same time I think slop-music was already almost at peak enshttification even before AI came along.

It's up to us as both musicians and listeners to be discerning, both for our own health and the health of art itself.  You decide where you want to draw the line, but draw a reasonable line and stick to it.  A constant diet of slop-music does to your brain and creativity what a constant diet of cheetoes and soda pop do to your body.
  9. @uncanny1401: yes next question
  10. @madhavestark3173: so stupid
  11. @screamingeagle7704: AI is not just ruining music but AI is ruining everything from fake videos to people asking AI what their neice likes to do or using AI for doing their workload. AI is making society lazy.
  12. @AI-DrizzyDrake: Nah it isn’t if your the one who originally made it and it’s not like fully ai like glorb for example
  13. @SquidKid-c5d: Face reveal and enjoyment
  14. @TopperMIDI: I like the idea of brand new instruments.
  15. @MatthewStinar: One of my hopes for generative AI is that it will force us to face the absurdity of copyright so that we can begin dismantling it. The fundamental premise of copyright is flawed and the result is irredeemably malevolent.
  16. @markstine2693: thank you. that clears nothin up.
  17. @SMD24: Title wise, a learning curving and a solution in minor ways. I will say for AI in the music industry well life would be interesting if a struggled fans could deep fake-AI musicians voice and learning how to sing/enjoying/writing a song within a challenge. Anyways, my reasoning is just based on NCIS los angeles in an episode situationally
  18. @zulzi6983: What a fraud...
  19. @unlokia: I wonder how the artists feel about you stealing their songs
  20. @Chris-zh4ih: Look at this photograph.. it's a photo of a photograph...

- How to Use Meta's New AI Features for Facebook Ads (Without Ruining Your Results!) 🚀: Kind: captions Language: en this video will show you how to use all of meta's new AI features now this is an important video because most of meta's new AI features can destroy your results if they're not used correctly but if used correctly which I'll show you how in this video they can save you boatloads of time and dramatically increase your results now I'm going to explain how you can save time and improve performance using all of these new AI features so I'd watch the whole video because many of these features are automatically turned on it's very sneaky of Facebook and they can really everything up if they're used incorrectly now if there is a specific feature that you want to know about we've hyperlink the various section in this description so you can skip around and find exactly what you're looking for now the areas that we're going to cover are as follows so first of all we're going to talk about the Advantage Plus or manual campaigns so when you create a new campaign this is the very first decision that you're going to be asked to make then we're going to talk about audience targeting how and when to use the new AI Advantage Plus targeting options now this bit's really important because lots of you are really over complicating your targeting and don't know how to retarget audiences within an Advantage Plus audience campaign now I've done a whole video on this that you can have a look at to next we're going to talk about the AI copy generator you have to be very careful with this or it will just do what the hell it wants and your RADS could be offbrand with poor quality copy and then we're going to talk about the new AI image generator this is a very new feature and I'll explain why it needs to be treated with Extreme Caution then we're going to talk about sight links now metan now automatically selects various links to your website but does this improve things and when should you be using this feature and then finally we're going to talk about Advantage Plus catalog ads AI is huge in this process but will it produce you results now I've L this one until last because lots of you won't be running product sales ads but if you are stick around for that so when you first launch a meta ad this is the first AI related option that you will see Meta is simply asking if you want to program your ads from scratch or do you want the AI to do the heavy lifting for you with lots of automated options now this feature can be really really powerful but it will only allow you to Target a broad audience with Advantage Plus audience targeting which we'll come on to next so if you want to Target a smaller audience or an audience in a particular location you'll need to use a manual campaign so audience targeting is the main thing to consider when deciding whether to use an Advantage Plus or a manual campaign you just have to ask yourself do you want to Target people in smaller geographical areas or can you target people nationally if you can Target people nationally then just go ahead and use the new Advantage Plus feature because it will save you time now many people worry with an Advantage Plus campaign that meta will simply advertise to returning customers who probably would have bought from you anyway and if you're not careful that's exactly what it might do so we're going to cover how to avoid that next so let's talk about the new Advantage Plus audience targeting Advantage Plus targeting is actually pretty damn good gone to the days where you needed you know five different ad sets targeting warm audiences cold audiences ad toart audiences etc etc Advantage Plus audience targeting keeps things really really simple but you can only target audiences nationally so it's great if you can work with anyone right across your whole country but if you can only work with customers locally do not use the Advantage Plus audience targeting use a manual campaign and manual targeting we're just going to take a quick dive into the laptop I'm going to show you some of the features in the Advantage Plus audience targeting options now this is automatically turned on nowadays you can switch to Legacy targeting but we recommend that you don't and just to use the Advantage Plus audience if you have set an Advantage Plus campaign right at the start you're not going to have these options this is only available in the manual campaigns and just a word of advice some of the features you see within the Facebook ads account will be slightly different from the ones we have because for some reason it varies country to Country and client to client depending on budget levels and variety of other factors so you can see here within the Advantage Plus audience you've got all of your same audience targeting options so you can enter in your custom audiences if you have set them up and you can um you can then limit it Down based on your age based on genders and your detailed targeting so all of that is pretty much the same we would always recommend using the Advantage Plus audience but like I said if you're doing the Advantage Plus campaign you are going to be limited to targeting on a national level so if you only can work with customers locally you're going to need to do a manual campaign but stick with the advantage plus if you want a full guide around how to retarget effectively within an Advantage Plus audience then you're going to have to check out our other video we've done a ful length video about that it's really really important because what Facebook will tend to do is it will look for the lwh hanging fruit so what it might do is see who your existing customers are show your ads to them and Facebook might be telling you that you've generated you know 20 lead or 20 website inquiries and 50 sales you're not actually seeing any uptick in your business despite all that ad spend that you've invested because it's just showing your ads to people who are going to buy from you anyway if you want to avoid that check out the Advantage Plus retargeting video cuz it's going to explain how you can avoid that and specifically go after new customers really really important principle there so next we're going to talk about the new AI copy generator probably one of the most annoying features that exists in the new AI part of meta advertising and the reason being is cuz it's automatically you can see here it's automatically bought up in a drop- down box so if I wanted to go in and start editing some of this copy here it's going to automatically change here and every edit that I make is going to bring me down the page and it just disrupts everything that you're trying to do so if you want to stop that you just bring this up and it will stop doing it from that point but once you have written your copy out here it will produce you some variations within here now if you've been advertising in Facebook ads for a while you will know that you can have five or up to five copy variations and five headline variations and what it will do when you'll promote your ads out there is it will give your ads lots of different ways that they can appear to lots of different people however with the AI copy variations that can increase your copy to 10 to 10 variations cuz if I apply all text variations here then every single one of these will also be included however does it actually write good advertising copy and in our experience the answer to that is no because it formats it incorrectly based on what we see as the best type of copywriting in Facebook ads so we run hundreds of different ads campaigns for lots and lots of different clients and there's a specific format for how Facebook ad copy should be written we have done a full length video about it and a full length video about how to use AI to create your copy to use things like chat GPT because if you don't use chat GPT correctly to write your copy it's going to write you a load of really heavy salesy Americanized rubbish that just isn't going to convert particularly in non-american markets it's not going to convert very very well cuz the AI models have been trained trained predominantly on American data but you can edit within here as well so we don't like this type of copy because it's not very broken up it's you know just put it as one big block so it's saying unlock free tools to protect your business from cyber crime now that's got no call to action it's got no discussion about you know what the offer really is this is a this is an email subscriber campaign that we're running at the moment to generate leads for a cyber crime business that we're working with and I would be looking add a bit more meat around that and you can edit within here so if you don't if you don't quite like it but you think it's okay what I would do is just get a little bit of editing put a put some sort of call to action down the bottom there so you know click sign up leave your details and we'll be in touch whatever it might be but you don't have to use all of these and you can of course just ask it to go again you can ask it it's not working typically at the moment you can ask it to generate more variation so you can just ask it to go again Facebook does say that advertisers who use text Vari for their campaign saw 1.77 higher per higher click-through rate that's going to be broadly across all of their advertisers so just be careful that that copy is going to be on brand that it's saying the right things it's got the right call to action cuz particularly if you're going with a lower budget you don't want to be giving too much experimentation to Facebook because it's going to waste a lot of Impressions while it's learning so if you've got a small budget maybe reduce those copy variations down a little bit it's a great feature but don't be lazy with it copy is one of the most important parts of your Facebook ads where you articulate your offer and your value um and if you get it wrong your ads will flop next up we have site links now if you're not careful Facebook will turn your site links on automatically but are they the right thing to do so site links are essentially where Facebook will scan your website it will consider other links to your website other than your landing page destination that might be of interest to your target customer now this is an e-commerce client that we've been working with for a while and you can see that we've got all site links turned off because what we're not wanting to do with this client is distract people we don't want to give people too many options to go and do anything else to you know go to the contact page Etc we want people to click on the products go through to the website and buy some of their fantastic ranges of rackets and Racket sport related equipment that they sell you can see here that some of the options the examples that it would give is you know around sending people to the shoes to dresses to other parts of the website that is how it can appear in here and it just would appear so the best way to think about site links is if you just want to bring people to your website it's a good thing to do because you're just giving them other options other things of interest to them which they can click on and can bring them into engage with your business if you have something really specific that you want somebody to do that's probably not the best option so when I was talking about the cyber crime client that we're working with previously all all we want people to do is sign up we're not interested in them going to the website having a look around all of that stuff going to the Facebook page we want to minimize distractions because we want to reduce friction and get people to take the action that we want them to take so site links can be fantastic however they will be automatically generated you can manually input them as well but just have a think about actually is it the right thing to do to give people other options or do you want to limit distractions and reduce friction to get them to take the action that you want them to take so next we're going to talk about AI image there's loads of different features nowadays to do with your creative because I think Facebook recognizes that good creative is actually where a lot of advertisers really really struggle so it's introducing things with AI particularly this new feature here which is around generating um AI related images for your business and you can see here so this is for a spa client that we're working with and you can see here that the AI is generating several images around um around the offer based upon the ad Library based on what it's interpreting from the copy and the offer Etc you can see here that it's uh it's dragged a bit of copy out unwinding luxury £60 spa day was 260 now 168.75 they're nice images they're they're nice captivating images but they don't accurately reflect The Spar if somebody clicks on that image they're going to be thinking well this is a spar that's you know and got beautiful palm trees in the background that's on a lake that isn't what my client is offering so you're going to end up with a disconnect between what people think they're getting and you're just going to really aggravate a lot of your clients so there will be times where Facebook will develop fantastic images that are suitable for you but be really careful and make sure that the brand identity is matching up against what you're actually offering because it will act out this has improved significantly since they first dropped it so actively keep an eye on it because if you're watching this video in 12 months time from the date uh today which is the think the 7th of January 2025 in 2026 this will be significantly better but right now this poses real risk to your business cuz if there's that mismatch you're just going to aggravate a lot of clients because they they're going to buy something and they think they're buying something else because you've used inappropriate images to portray your business in a certain way so there's loads of other AI features for imagery what you have to be really careful is down here with the op section this add catalog items will automatically be turned on and when you turn it off they will all will be a little box that says do you really want to do this do you really want to turn these off and you have to essentially force it to what you can see here is because we run lots of different advertising accounts and we have lots of different cataloges particularly for our e-commerce clients that it's matching the wrong catalog with our clients if we didn't turn that off we're going to have our tennis racket client or our racket Sports e-commerce clients products underneath our spa clients adverts so it's completely horribly mismatched and wrong so really do be careful of that particularly if you're you've got several different ad campaigns things like this like the 3D animation of images you might as well leave that on like I said Facebook will'll go through testing and experimentation to see which of these is working best and it will do things like this as well so it'll drag your headlines into the copy and you just got to see whether things like that are actually going to work well we've had clients come to us and say they don't like this feature for example because the copy that we're using the font doesn't match their brand and you can't change that so if that was the case you just literally switch it off then you have things like the visual touchups the music image animation and text improvements I would just allow all of that I would lean more towards leaving that stuff on than turning it off but just make sure that the AI isn't causing any brand irregularities because that sort of thing can not just harm your ad performance can also harm your business so next we're going to talk about the Advantage Plus catalog ads this makes heavy heavy use of AI functionality in order to do it you're going to first have to create all of these catalogs and over the next week we're going to be filming a video which is going to explain exactly how you do that it's a standalone video of itself and a lot of the people watching this video might not actually be running product catalog ads what it will simply do is connect Facebook Facebook with your content management system in order to pull products into certain cataloges and you can have cataloges for all products specific products so for this client they sell tennis rackets and squash rackets and badminton rackets now somebody who's interested in badminton for example might not necessarily be looking for a tennis racket or tennis shoes etc etc so what we do is we create individualized cataloges what this function allows Facebook to do you'll have had the shopping experience yourself where you're going online and you're looking for a pair of men's brown boots either for yourself or for your partner whatever it might be then next time you go on Facebook there might be a big clothing retailer like Asos and all you're seeing is their Brown boot product range because what Facebook is doing is interpreting okay this individual wants to buy a pair of brown boots we have this Advertiser that has all these brown boots for sale let's push that out in front of the individual you'll also have had it when you've already bought the brown boots and that's all you then see for the next couple of weeks is brown boots being advertised to you this is why it's so powerful because they recognize that you're in the market to buy a specific product and it uses the AI to match similar products that were going to be related to that purchase intent and you're going to get it in front of them either when they're looking to buy or immediately after they've bought so they might sort of conduct repurchases it's actually very very simple to do and this is how your ads will format so you can see here it displays it as a Carousel and it also displays it in this kind of format too and of course it will do it in a variety of others you'll almost sometimes have like an indefinite scroll depending on the the different products that you are advertising this will just sort of allow it to go on and on and on so people can have a good shop and dig around all of your products if you are selling if you are running e-commerce and you are selling products you should definitely have catalog ads mixed in to all of the different ads that you are running it's not exclusively the ads that you want to run but you should mix them in we normally find they outperform every other type of advert type within a campaign and the simple way that you do that is you just select Advantage Plus catalog and then you have to just link it up with the correct catalog that you want for that particular ad and the rest of the ad build is all very standard that you will used to be doing anyway but like I said there will be a full video around Advantage Plus catalog ads which is going to show you step by step exactly how you set those up so do like and subscribe and stick around for that so I hope that helps it's really important like I said cuz a lot of these AI features will be automatically turned on and if used incorrectly they're going to kill your ads if used correctly they will save you time and improve things so who doesn't want that so don't forget to like And subscribe I hope you enjoyed the video and we see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @discoverthereason: Do you have any videos that provide literal instructions for how to create an ad? for beginners?

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  5. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  6. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  7. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  8. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  9. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  10. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  11. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  12. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  13. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  14. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  15. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  16. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  17. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  18. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  19. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  20. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [5 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  5. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  6. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  7. @LindaH-k1g: Thank you for the great video 😊

I do have a couple of follow-up questions though:

1. Would you not recommend creating two separate ad sets for warm and engaged customers and cold audiences? Or is it better to simply go with the suggested audience targeting?
F2. or a smaller company with a limited budget, would you recommend having one sales campaign per category, or rather one broader sales campaign containing multiple categories/ad sets?
  8. @delonshamon: Do you have one for YouTube?
  9. @WenboJia-r8b: Very helpful man, thank you very much!
  10. @_MCDUCK_: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  11. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  12. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  13. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  14. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  15. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  16. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  17. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  18. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  19. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  20. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginner (2026 Step by Step): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you are going to learn how to run ads on Meta, specifically the main two big platforms, Facebook and Instagram. Let's jump right in. Now, the first thing that you will need in order to run ads on Meta is a Facebook Ads Account. The Facebook Ads Account will allow you to run them on both Facebook and Instagram. Don't worry, you'll need to set that up. If you don't already have a Facebook Ads Account set up, be sure to check out the link down below in the description. I have a full video that walks you through how to set that up cuz it can be a little bit tricky sometimes. But, if you do already have a Facebook Ads Account, be sure to come to this view right here. All the link down below, this is just your Facebook Ads Manager. All the link down below, that should redirect you to that link so you can kind of start right where I'm at here as well. But, once we're inside this view, you can see this is our Ads Manager. Inside of here, we have our campaigns, ad sets, and ads. And what we're going to want to do is click on this little green button here to create our first campaign. This one already has a couple of campaigns in here, but most of the time, if you're watching this video, it's probably your first time creating this. So, we're going to hit create here, and then it's going to ask for our objective. Now, you have awareness, traffic, engagement, leads, app promotion, and sales. For majority of people, I recommend that you're going to want to do these three right here. If you are wanting to get more leads, choose the lead objective. If you want to get more app downloads or things like that, do the app one. If you want to get more sales for your website, then do the sales objective. In this one, I'm going to walk through the sales. This setup is going to be very similar though for all of these different objectives. So, we're going to start with the sales one here. So, I'm going to choose sales, and we're going to hit continue. Now, the first thing we have here is our campaign name. I like to name this the audience that I'm targeting. In this case, it's prospecting cuz these are people who have not heard of my business, and then the objective that I chose, which is going to be sales. If you did leads here, you can name this leads. You can name it whatever you want. Honestly, this is just the way that I like to stay organized with this. And then, we're going to scroll down here, and then you don't need to worry about a lot of these settings when you're first getting started off. We do want to change this over to the ad set budget. The ad set budget just allows you to have a little bit more control over your budget when you're testing new audiences and things like that. So, I do like to go with the ad set budget setup, and we're going to leave this box checked right here. Then, you can see Facebook is asking if you want to run an AB test. This is a helpful feature, but it's not something I'd recommend doing for your very first ad. I would leave that unchecked for the time being, and then we can scroll down here. Now, if you are in a special category, you will want to check this little box right here, and see if you're in advertising for any one of these four things. If you are, you will need to check one of these boxes. If you're not, you don't need to worry about it, and you can move on to the next step here. Now, after you hit next, you can see in this left-hand side, we now move from the campaign level to the what's called the ad set level. The ad set level is where you can do a lot of the targeting and actually find audiences. So, we'll set that up here. Now, there is a name for the ad set level, but I actually like to come back and name this after I've done all my targeting. I'll show you what I mean. We want to come down here to the conversions, and this is really important. Right now, Facebook, for whatever reason, the default is they want to send people to two different locations. Most people watching, my guess is if you're wanting to get more sales, you want to send people directly to your website. So, you want to click this little drop down right here and hit make sure you hit website, so that it's only optimizing to send traffic to your website, not to like an app or to like somewhere on Facebook or anything like that. You're not missing out on any traffic. Now, for majority of people, the performance goal you're going to want to leave on this maximize conversions, so you can get the most sales possible. And then you can scroll down here, and then this is where you have your pixel set up and then a conversion event. And here, you can choose the event that you want to optimize towards. Now, I like to optimize towards purchases. Basically, what you're telling Facebook is, "Hey, I want to get as many purchases as possible. Go find me those people." Now, some of you may be getting to this point right now and getting a little bit of a road block where either you don't have a data set or you don't have conversion events set up. Maybe you'll see something like this. Here's an example of account. You can see, it has the data set here, but it doesn't have a conversion action, and it's telling me to set up that event. Now, when it comes to that, you have two different options. You can either go through and set up the event. I have a full tutorial on how to track like e-commerce purchases on like Shopify or things like that. You can go through and set that up. Or, if you're just wanting to get your ad live, you could come over here to the maximize number of conversions. Instead of optimizing towards conversions, you could go over to landing page views or link clicks. You can see once I choose that, then I don't have to select an optimization event. So, that's a way to get around that in case you don't want to go through the setup of setting up a conversion event. I would recommend doing it and taking the time to do it, but I understand some people just want to get the ad out as soon as possible. So, those are your options. For us, we are going to go with the maximize conversions here, and we're going to go optimize towards a purchase. Now, all these other settings right here, I wouldn't mess with. I would just leave them on the default. Down here is where you have your budget. You can either do a daily budget or a lifetime budget. I prefer to do a daily budget because if it's working, I can keep it running, and then I can just ramp up the budget as time goes on. The nice thing about Facebook is Cuz can start with as little as a dollar a day on these ads if you wanted to. I wouldn't necessarily recommend going that small. I would recommend a spending at least five to twenty dollars a day on your budget. But it just kind of depends on you and what you are wanting to get out of your ads. If you're wanting to get some sort of recommendation, Facebook will always give you some sort of recommendation here, but I do find that they're typically really high. Like it's telling me I should spend a hundred and two dollars per day to get started with. So take that for what it's worth, but I usually like to start around twenty dollars a day and then if it's working, then I scale it up from here. Then you can do a start date on your ad. Now quick tip, if you are launching this towards the end of the day, you will want to make sure that you move this over to the next day because if you have a twenty dollar budget and you launch your ad say at like 9:00 p.m., in that three hour stretch up till midnight, it's going to try and spend that entire budget and it may not be super effective. So a lot of times I do like to set the start date the next day, like you know, midday or whatever it is, so it has a full day to actually spend that budget. And when we scroll down here, this is where we get into the meat and potatoes of the ad set and this is where you can actually control who is seeing your ads. So you can see right here you can have the location. So right now it is on Canada, but we want to make sure that we add the US here as well. So we're going to add the United States on this, so we're targeting US and Canada. If you wanted to exclude any audiences, you would click here and then exclude place. And you can also target by zip codes or even smaller demographics, especially if you have like a local business or store that you're wanting to target those. But for here for me, we're going to target US and Canada here. And then on the audience settings, you see there are more settings here where you can drop down and actually do the age and the gender demographics and then even the detailed demographics. So when you click on here, this is where you can actually target people based on specific attributes. So for me, we are going to be advertising Spilled Milk here. This is a company that I really like. I really enjoy their products. So I thought this would be fun to make some ads for them. So what we're going to be doing is this is a protein kind of a drink here. So I want to find people who are interested in protein. So we're just going to type in here protein and see what comes up. And when we type this in, you can see there are all different interests and behaviors. So we have interest in protein bar food and drink. That is a perfect audience for us to be targeting. So what I recommend is coming inside of here and typing in your product or service and seeing if you can find suggestions for those. Now I will say these are just suggestions for Facebook at this point because their algorithm is so good at finding people who are interested in in product or service. A lot of times I do run tests where I'm not even giving Facebook any audience targeting and I'm just saying Facebook, go and find my people. Here's my ads, you know who to go and find. But, if you want to have a little bit more control, you can add some audiences in there. If you wanted to add more, once you add the first one, it will then sometimes have some suggestions for you here. So, if we type in protein again, you can see there are some more here. So, if I wanted a larger audience, you see right now my audience size is around 13 million, which is is honestly pretty big. But, if I wanted more audience here, I could type in and add more of these audiences. For me, I think this is going to be a good size for me to begin with, but you could add more here and you can see the audience's size there on the left. Then, as we scroll down here, we have the placements. Now, I would recommend leaving this on the default. It's basically going to show on all of the Meta platforms that you are eligible to show up for. If you wanted a little bit more control or to know exactly where those are showing up for, you can see these are the platforms that you're going to show up for on Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, and Threads. If you wanted to edit that at all, you could click here and you could opt out of one of these. So, say I didn't want to show up on Messenger or on something like Threads or anything like that, I could opt out of those. But, for me, I'm going to stay into all of these right now. And then, as I mentioned, once I'm done with the ad set, I like to come back up here and name it. So, we're targeting US and Canada and then interested in protein. Those are my audiences. It's helpful to have these audience names in here, especially as you start to scale your account and run multiple audiences that you're testing against. Okay, and after we hit next, it's going to move us into the actual ad creation. This is where we create our ad here. So, the first thing you want to do is make sure that you have your Facebook page connected to the account. This is what the ads will look like. So, I have access to a lot of different ones, so this is kind of blurred out, but you can go and select the ad account that you have here. If not, you can connect an account by clicking connect account here. Once you have that set up, you can scroll down to the ad creative and you can see there is a couple different options. So, if you wanted to use an existing post from your Facebook profile, you could do that. The majority of people, my guess is you're going to want to create a new ad and we're going to do the manual upload here and then right here is where you can upload a single image or video. That's what I'm going to be showing you in this video. A lot of these can be helpful, but starting off with a single image or video is probably going to be the best way to go. Then, we're going to scroll down here to the main destination URL and this is where you actually want to send somebody. So, for this one, we're going to send them directly to this page. I'm not affiliated with Built Milk at all, I just love their product. We're going to come over here and then put in the product URL. Now, it's important, I'm not just sending them to a homepage, but I'm actually sending them to the product URL for the strawberry flavor here. So, I'm going to show you exactly the ads that we're going so you can kind of see what this looks like here. And then this little setting right here is really important, this little edit. You want to click on this and you want to make sure that the optimization web optimization is off to make sure that it's not sending people to your shop, your Facebook shop. Lot of times Facebook will send people there when they don't even have the shop feature enabled. So, make sure that all of these are off to begin with just to make sure that it's not sending anywhere you don't want them to. And now we come to this button right here where it says setup creative and this is where you can choose an image ad or a video. We're going to come over here. We're going to start with an image and I'll show you the video as well. So, we're going to start with is just a simple image. And you can see it's going to ask for the URL that we already gave it and then you can hit next here and this is where you can upload your media. And media is often somewhere where people get tripped up a lot on. An easy way to create media is I like to use Creatify. You can either do AI images or videos. I like it because they have these image ad templates where you can come over here and say for this little template right here, I can recreate this ad, give it some of the features, and then it spits out an ad for me. So, all I had to do was give it an image and then some of this text here and you can see here is my ad in literally just a few seconds. So, that's the one that we're going to be using here. So, I'm going to come back over and grab this one and hit next. And then here are all of the previews of this image here. If I want a different aspect ratios, I can go back to Creatify and get those aspect ratios here. You can see you can change those out or replace them if you need to. We're just going to leave the horizontal one for now just for this example. Okay, and then here you're going to ask it's going to ask you to give it some primary text. So, I gave it this primary text here and then based off of that their AI will actually give you different variants that you could use to test. If you didn't want to run those, you can uncheck that, but I actually like all of these so we're going to leave them there. I'm not going to read them all to you just for the sake of the video. And then here the headline is the protein plus caffeine and then we want the call to action not to be learn more, but we want this to be actually shop now. And then we hit next here. And then the nice thing is the Facebook AI will actually based off of my image create even more images for me. I don't really love these as much so we're going to leave them as they are, but you could add more of them into them if you want to. And it's going to ask for some other AI settings that you can opt in or out of. Honestly, I like to opt out of these cuz I just don't like the way they look a lot of times. It looks a little bit buggy, but you can go through and look at each one of these and see which ones you like and don't. Okay, and then you can see based off of that one image it will give me a preview of what all of the ads will look like across the different platforms. And if you're happy with that, all you need to do is hit publish. And that's all there is to it. If you want a more in-depth tutorial on Facebook ads, be sure to check out this link right here, and we'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dannyg7016 [5 likes]: You really need to slow down! And maybe start explaining what and why you're making these choices and explain the others you didn't select
  2. @sarasotahomesteadcommuniti538 [4 likes]: slowdown... i didnt learn anything...
  3. @Jack-TGM: honestly one of the most important things beginners skip is campaign budget optimization — so many new advertisers set budgets at the ad set level and then wonder why their results are all over the place. we've seen accounts cut wasted spend by 30%+ just by switching to CBO and letting meta find the best performing audiences naturally. also in 2026 broad targeting with strong creative is almost always outperforming hyper-narrow audiences — the algorithm is just that good now. what's the first campaign type you're planning to test?

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads are getting clicks but not sales or they work for a week and then crash, you don't need a new hack. You need a 2026 system meta actually rewards. So, in this video, I want to give you the exact framework to run profitable Facebook ads, whether you're spending $10 a day or $1,000 a day. And we're covering the four things that determine success now. Offer, research, targeting, and data. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're interested in seeing what allowing us to handle your marketing for you would look like, you can schedule a free no pressure call and get a custom marketing proposal and quote for your specific business using the link below. Otherwise, let's talk about how to build Facebook ads the right way. The first thing you want to do is stop running ads until your offer is irresistible. This is where most small businesses lose money. They run ads with an okay offer and hope that their creative will save it. It won't. A strong offer makes everything cheaper. lower CPMs or cost per thousand impressions, higher CTR or click-through rate, better conversion rates, and faster learning on Meta's part because Meta or Facebook's algorithm is trying to match your message with the right person. If your offer is unclear or weak, Facebook has nothing strong to optimize around. So, this begs the question, what does a strong offer look like? Well, here's the 2026 offer rule. It has to solve one urgent problem. It has to lead with outcomes, not features. [music] And it has to give a clear reason to choose you over your competitors. So an example for a service business, instead of we do bookkeeping, try get your books cleaned up in 7 days so you stop stressing at tax time. For an e-commerce example, instead of organic skin care, try clear breakouts without harsh ingredients in 14 days or will make it right. Before you spend a single dollar on ads, your offer should pass this test. Would a stranger instantly understand who it's for, what it does, and why it's better? If not, pause ads and fix that first. Next, you're going to give yourself a head start and use the meta ad library to steal what works legally. Open the free meta ad library and search three to five competitors in your space. What you're looking for is simple ads that have been running a long time because companies don't keep spending money on ads that lose money. Now, when you're studying these ads, do not copy them word for word. You're not here to plagiarize. You're here to reverse engineer the structure. What's the hook? What painoint are they calling out? What promise are they making? What proof do they show? What's their CTA or call to action? Jot all of this down and then you remix the best parts. Think of it like this. Competitors paid thousands to find what grabs attention. You're using that as a shortcut so that you can get the same outcome without spending the same budget. They tested all the duds for you. Once you've got your initial ad research nailed down, we need to talk about targeting. And this is important because this is where most people still run Facebook ads like it's 2018. They stack 20 interest. They layer behaviors on top of behaviors and they overengineer it. But in 2026, Meta is smart enough to read your ad copy, your creative, your landing page URL, and millions of behavioral signals it has on its users. So when you overrestrict targeting, you don't help Meta. You block Meta from finding the right buyers for you. For most small businesses, you only need two audiences. Audience number one is your cold audience. This one is for prospecting. This is going to be a group of people who've never heard of you before. Before audience one, you want to pick one of these. Option A is a broad audience. As the name implies, you want to keep your audience size broad. If you add anything, add only one to three demographics max, like location, age range, and maybe gender if it's truly relevant. Otherwise, let your creative and offer do the targeting. And option B is a lookalike audience. If you have enough data, like a thousand customers or clients, you can create a lookalike audience out of that list where Facebook finds brand new people who look like the source list, which in this case would be your customers. Broad is often the simplest and works shockingly well now, especially when your offer is clear. But if you have 1,000 or more customers, not email subscribers, specifically customers, then try switching from broad to lookalike for your cold audience. Audience number two is your warm audience, also called your retargeting audience. This is for people who have already interacted with you. So like your website visitors, video viewers, engagers, add to carts, initiated checkouts, your email list, and so on. These people don't need to be convinced you exist or that you can help. They already know that, and now they just need the final push, like proof, clarity, and a reason to act. Now, if you only do these two audiences correctly, you'll already be ahead of most advertisers. So now you've got your two audiences. Let's talk about how to make creatives that keep working so that you don't burn out. Meta specifically punishes stale creatives. It's real. When people see the same ad too many times, performance drops and costs rise, and Facebook knows that. So, you need a repeatable creative system that keeps your creatives fresh while still giving you time to do everything you need to do in a day. Use this simple formula. Hook, value, CTA, or call to action. Create a hook that is curiosity provoking enough to stop someone midscroll. usually by directly addressing a goal they care about or a pain point they're tired of dealing with. Then provide real value that helps them right now to get closer to that goal or to get rid of that painoint. The key here being real value and not fluffy free stuff that no one wants. And then you want a clear CTA that points to your one clear offer. So instead of making one ad and just hoping it works, you film variations. So like three to five hooks, two to three value bodies, and you can then rotate or remix against your one CTA weekly. And when you're filming, you don't need to overproduce everything. Native looking content often outperforms polished content. So just film what works right now, like selfie style videos, UGC or usergenerated content style testimonials, quick demos, behind the scenes, or simple graphics that hit emotion and clarity. An e-commerce example could be a quick unboxing, result, and review. And a service example could be here's what we fix and a client outcome in the next step. So take what you learned from your competitor ad research and remix it to fit this formula and the goals and emotions and desires and pain points that your specific audience has. Now the last thing we got to talk about is tracking and data because this is why ads randomly stop working. If you skip this, you're training Facebook blind. And you might be thinking, training Facebook? What are you talking about? We'll get to that in just a second, but for now, what you need is the Metapixel and the conversions API installed. The Metapixel tracks browser activity, but with iOS and privacy changes. The Metapixel alone misses a lot. So, the conversions API adds server side tracking so that Meta can still understand what's converting on your website. So, you'll want to make sure both of those are set up and installed correctly. And we do have videos going over that in depth. But, I would also add that Facebook also walks you through step by step with prompts. So, whichever way is easiest for you, but you need to get that done. And then there's the concept most small businesses never hear about, pixel conditioning. Facebook's algorithm is a pattern recognition machine. When it sees real conversions, purchases, booked calls, qualified leads, it hunts for more people like that. But if your tracking is missing conversions or you're optimizing for the wrong thing, you're feeding it bad signals. That's how you end up with traffic that doesn't buy, leads that don't answer and a good CTR, but no revenue. High converting Facebook campaigns are not about tricks. They're about feeding Facebook clean data so that it can optimize harder and faster. And you can do that a if you have the pixel and conversions API set up that we just talked about, and B if you set up your campaign in a way that tells Facebook what conversions you really care about. If you're running a traffic campaign when you want conversions, that's not good. Facebook won't know you want conversions because it's optimizing for traffic. If you want more booked appointments, then you'll need to create a custom conversion event based on the thank you page people land on after booking appointments. Tell Facebook exactly what you want so that it can find more people who look like the people who have already completed that event. Now, I know that was a lot, so here's a quick recap. If you remember nothing else, remember this order. Offer first, make it irresistible. Research [music] second, meta ad library remix. two audiences broad or lookalike for cold and warm retargeting. Create a system hook value and CTA variations and native content and tracking and conditioning pixel conversions API and correct conversion event. [music] Do this and you stop guessing. You stop wasting money and you start scaling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta [1 likes]: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadstutorial2026&utm_campaign=jan212026
  2. @ToddSmithRealEstate: Great video! Very informative and easy to follow!  It's been a few years since I ran FB ads, so I'm easing back into it.
  3. @GuaranteedPPC: I have also often seen campaigns work well at the beginning and then crash, as Facebook is trying to let your guard down to move onto something else in your business (taking your eye off your investment), whereas that level of performance was never going to be what you were normally going to get longer term.  Don't get too excited when you do very well the first week, especially with a new account, as that can easily wear off.
  4. @Tumiswafo: First viewer and commenter, can you make a video about running high quality lead generation separate them leads and eccomerce store and how many videos required for ecommerce and and images

- Facebook Ads Not Working? Try THIS First: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent more than a$ hundred million on Facebook ads over the past 11 years and at this point I'm about as experienced as a person can be when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising but there are still things that happen within metad accounts that even I can't explain sometimes things just go wrong and your results really suffer as a result in this video I'm going to show you what to do if that happens in your ad account and how you can get your results back on track so sometimes relatively inexplicably um things just go wrong within meta ad accounts You' got High performing campaign High performing ad ads set Etc and all of a sudden your results just drop off and it's really difficult to work out why you might think okay maybe I've got ad fatigue right people have seen my ads too many times and that's why they're not resonating they're not converting anymore they just bored of them so you take a look at your frequency number and your frequency is not that high you think okay maybe it's not ad fatigue then maybe you think okay it's the targeting maybe the targeting for some reason isn't working like it used to so you go in and you tweak the options maybe create some new adsets different targeting options that doesn't seem um to fix it e you're sort of left scratching your head as a Facebook Advertiser thinking why was this working really well and then all of a sudden it's not and often I've spoken to so many advertisers that are in that situation I've been in that situation many times myself most meta advertisers have been advertising for a while have been in that situation and it kind of drives you mad cuz you're thinking how do I get these back I'm trying all these things how do I do I go about doing this now often the solution when that happens is to use the meta ads learning phase as your friend when you have that exact scenario just described where a campaigner adet was doing really well performance has dropped off and you just can't explain why there doesn't seem to be any logical reason as to why that would happen what I recommend you do is take that campaign or adset and duplicate it and then run a new version it could be identical to the previous version but allow mattera to start aresh effectively with that new C now it's really important that the existing campaign the original one the original campaign the original asset that you turn that off you don't want to be running identical duplicates alongside each other that's going to cause all sorts of overlap um issues and neither are likely to do very well so you pause the original and then you run a complete duplicate and you can think of that as almost like you know when an app gets sort of stuck on your phone it's just not working and you okay quit the app and then reload it and that normally solves the problem or your computer's playing up and you switch it off and switch it back on again because the way meta add campaigns work with the learning phase when you do exactly what I described you duplicate and run a new version of what you had that was working well previously it's effectively like a reboot and obviously just takes a few seconds and can make a really big difference we've seen campaigns go from a 5x rows down to a 2X rows just like I described right drop off what's going on why is this happening no logical explanation we're looking at all the various details and then we do what I just described you duplicate you basically do a an adset or a campaign uh refresh and boom it's right back up to a 5x R so definitely something to test if you've seen that happen we'll get back to the video in a second before we do I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program now with my mentorship program me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results we've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees we'll pop them up on screen right now in fact 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable Improvement in their Facebook ads return on adspend within just 30 days of joining and that's a stat that I'm really proud of there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you hopefully we get a chance to work together now there is no guarantee that this will solve the problem it may well do and is absolutely worth testing but there's no guarantee that solve the problem because meta sort of delivery processes and learning processes getting stuck which is what I've described here and does unfortunately happen even though metas machine learning is really powerful and can help find great prospects and all that sort of stuff sometimes this does happen and that's not always the cause for a drop off in ad results there are other reasons why ad results drop off it may well be ad fatigue you may might might need to create new ad new ad creators things like that um it might be that there are external factors like your product or service is quite seasonal and if you haven't been running you know multiple years to sort of see the patterns it might just be that you've now moved into a time of year where you should expect to get worse results this happens to a lot of businesses maybe a competitor has just brought out a new product or a service that's better than you know anything else out there on the market and you either weren't aware of it or you didn't think that it was going to have that big an impact and they're sort of hoovering up a lot of the the market share and a lot of the potential customers so what I've described in this video is absolutely worth a test because it's so quick and easy to do and you'll find out relatively quickly if that's what happened and that's the solution so we do this for our clients all the time because of that if it doesn't then fix it you've then at least ruled that out as a potential problem and you can move on to some of those other areas that I discussed and if you're interested in other simple fixes that can massively improve your Facebook ad results go ahead and check out this video in it I show you how to substantially improve the most important part of your Facebook ad quickly and easily if you haven't already it's well worth a quick watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioFox33 [3 likes]: Shouldn't this video be titled "Facebook Ads STOPPED Working." ?
  2. @speedclips3D [3 likes]: my ads don’t reach reach many people and i’m not sure why? how can i fix this?
  3. @DrewBedson [3 likes]: I can't even get any of my ads published.  

FB has my credit cards, web site address, me on FB, my groups and my page yet wont publish my ads or, explain what the f*** the problem is 

"Ad Not published
Your items weren't published because they had errors that need to be fixed."

No idea what errors as they don't specify and I come here as the title of the vid says "Facebook Ads Not Working? Try THIS First"

Well, be nice to get an ad up so this guy can tell me how to get an ad up as I'd be happy if just 10 ppl saw one of mine so i can work from there and then worry about all the stuff he's into.
  4. @m31withmike [1 likes]: Is it just me, but, does this copy/duplicate/start again common? for me I see things like create new ad creative and nothing happens, just to delete the creative and add it again verbatim, and then starts working (meanwhile a loss of 24hr of $$ while you wait to realise that it's not at all delivering), or add a fresh creative only to again duplicate adset or campaign to get it going, or face the hundreds of errors on video cannot be delivered (yet it does) only when you re-upload the same file. Quality of the platform seems off to me.
  5. @czanalao8928 [1 likes]: To clarify, duplicate the entire adset without changing the ads inside?
  6. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  7. @dontcallmecrazyimjustinlove: Can you run a traffic ad for Amazon and sales ad to the same product
  8. @likedontcostmoney5595: my ads sound muted (not copy right problem) i just can't see the play icon in the side view .
  9. @rjmurphyo0: I'm doing mobile oil changes, filters, bulbs, rotations, headlight restorations and evwn have my own website and ran an ad for about 2 days and after not getting 1 response i shut the ad down
  10. @smashpickleball10: 🎉🎉🎉
  11. @nativewraps5062: ICON
  12. @andreabertin4482: Meta is a rubber that's all
  13. @AmyChoy87: Hi Ben, I followed your youtube and initially setup the meta ads, but it disabled my account as i have payment + facebook registered in different regions (digital nomad) , they took 4 weeks to respond and i provided documents to verify , would you know how long it takes ? I have attempted to create another account but it blocked that account saying it suspects its a fake account and ask me to appeal, advise is appreciated.
  14. @MsCyra101: Hey ben, I am a solo mom, trying to make some money to stay home with my children longer, I am trying to learn social media marketing, would your course be useful for someone like me? I don't have a lot of start-up money.
  15. @td4774-e1j: nice video
  16. @sarahheath8442: Thanks Ben, your videos are fantastic and full of valuable information. I was wondering if you might be able to touch on low-ticket sales ads for things like books or costume jewellery. TIA
  17. @Zohaib-s2p: What are the charges for Mentorship
  18. @abfj_91: I want to ask, if my campaign is running well but there is a rejection, I try to change a little in the description section, will the audience be different because there is a learning?
  19. @bossfighterz: Hey! can we please set up a quick meeting? just like 5-10 minutes.
  20. @EmirPolat-d4h: Hello, I wish you a good day, I follow you from Turkey and I watch you with love, you have very nice content, this is the first question I have copied this set, let's copy the original campaign, this is my first question, my second question is how I can scale it other than duplicate, I have a set that is going well, it has 20 conversions, it does not work very well in cbo, duplicate is not very efficient in the same way because I opened the audience with advantage plus, but I reached almost all of them in the audiences I recommended, what can I do? Thanks in advance.

- Why Your Facebook Ads Don’t Work (And How to Fix Them): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads don't fail because of the algorithm. They fail because you're overlooking a key piece of marketing and human nature. Here's what I see all the time. Business owners set up a campaign, push their offer straight at cold strangers, and then get frustrated when nobody buys. Now, the problem isn't Facebook. The problem is you skipped essential pieces of the funnel and human psychology. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to fix that with a simple three-step framework that every small business owner needs to know. When you know this simple three-step framework for your Facebook ads, you will see a drastic difference in your online marketing and with your Facebook ads. Now, there's three crazy little terms that we use in this marketing world. That is top of funnel, which is awareness. Then we have middle of funnel, which is consideration. And then we have bottom of funnel which is conversion. Now think of it like dating. You don't propose on a first date. You start by getting noticed. You build trust. You go out for a while and then you ask for the commitment. Now sure there are those random few people that do get married straight away. And I'm sure you've heard of a few where they met and 3 weeks later they've got married. It's the exception, not the norm. And it's the same with ads. We need to get awareness first, nurture second, and then conversion last. Now, here's what most people think a Facebook funnel should look like. And they've seen it before with the salesfunnel diagrams. Top of funnel lead genen campaigns, middle of funnel retargeting, and bottom ofunnel sales, which sounds fine in theory. But here's the problem. You see, the conversion campaigns, which are bottom of funnel, are the smallest part of the funnel and the most expensive. Everybody wants that audience because they're closest to boopping. But when you only run bottom offunnel ads, you're paying top dollar for the smallest pool of people. And that's why so many business owners say Facebook ads don't work. You see, it's not the ads. It's that you're only playing at the bottom at the most expensive audience. And the one who can pay the most for those leads often wins. Now, even when you don't get conversions at the bottom of the funnel, here's what often happens. About 70% of your leads never end up opening the emails that you send them. And if you're booking calls, maybe 10% of people actually showed up. If you've got a sales team, you've probably heard them say back to you that they've reached out to these leads and they said, "I can't remember ever filling out this form." That's what often happens when you're going to cold traffic with your bottom of funnel ads. Now, they can work, don't get me wrong. But think of it. When you go into a shop, do you buy something every time you've walked in there for the first time? No. You've probably walked in, had a look around, and then you remember it for later, and when it is time to buy something, you think, I know the perfect place to go to. Same sort of thing with our ads. Now, also think about it like with traditional marketing. You'd invest in radio, TV, billboards, magazines. Why? Just to get seen, to build awareness and stay top of mind. And with Facebook, you can do the same thing, but instead of paying thousands, you can get to do it for just pennies a day. And then you can stay front and center of that audience over and over again. This is where topfunnel campaigns come in. I like to think of topfunnel as pre-targeting. So, you're not asking anyone to buy. You're just showing up with helpful content, a quick video, or something entertaining that introduces your business. And here's the beauty of it. You can run top offunnel ads for just a dollar a day. And that's cheaper than the coffee you probably bought this morning. It's getting your business in front of hundreds, even thousands of people every single day. And when people see you over and over, they start to recognize your brand. Then when you do move to middle of funnel and bottom ofunnel ad campaigns, they're already warmed up and far more likely to take action. Now, here's another way to think about it. When you only run bottom of funnel campaigns, it's like fishing with a hook. You're throwing one bait in the water and hoping the right fish bites. But when you use top of funnel, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel all together, it's like fishing with a net. you cover more ground, reach more people, and bring in a much bigger catch. And the best part, on Facebook, you can cast that net for a dollar a day, and keep showing up in the newsfeed until your prospects are ready to buy. So, here's how it all runs together. You have a top offunnel campaign, which is typically an awareness campaign. It's a video of helpful content. That way you can retarget people who've watched a certain percentage of that video and people who have engaged with your page on Facebook or Instagram. Then retarget the people who engage with your top offunnel content with middle ofunnel campaigns. This could be with testimonials, case studies, user generated content, UGC as we may call it, where people have used your products or services and even behindthescenes videos. People love to see that kind of thing. Then run bottom off ofunnel conversion campaigns, direct offers, retargeting, book now, buy now. That's the funnel. That's the ecosystem. And that's how you can stop wasting money on Facebook ads and actually make them work for you by having a holistic ecosystem. So if you've been frustrated with running Facebook ads, chances are you've been trying to propose on the first date. So start with some top of funnel, build middle of funnel, and then close at bottom of funnel. And you'll finally see ads working the way they should. And if you want the easiest way to start, check out my smart ad strategy. It's the simplest way to launch awareness ads for just a dollar a day. Get your business seen and start building your funnel the right way. The links in the description. And if you found this video helpful, hit like and subscribe. Ring the bell so you don't miss the next one. Because in the next video, I'm going to show you why boosting posts is a complete waste of money and what to do instead.

- Facebook Ads Not Spending? Step-By-Step Fix for Ad Sets That Won’t Deliver (Meta & Instagram): Kind: captions Language: en Now, what to do if your Facebook and Instagram ads are just not spending the full daily budget? Meaning, you set a campaign on, let's say, $500 or adset on $50, but it's really only spending a small fraction or maybe not spending any money at all. In this video, I'll show you step by step how to investigate what's the root cause and how to fix the problem so your audiences will spend the full budget. So, first, just a real quick high overview. What are we talking about, right? So when you're in your ad account and you have your campaigns and inside of your campaigns you have your adsets and now let's just say you have a daily budget here of 240 but the amount spent ends up not being 240 but is significantly lower or is uh pretty much zero. Then we know something is not right and we need to take action. The very first thing to check for is to make sure your ad account is not banned and you don't have an issue with your payment method right or pass through payment on your credit card. The first hint for that is if you have other audiences that are spending money, right? So, if you for the same time frame see that there's other audiences or campaigns that have some amount spent, you know, you're uh fine, right? The ad account is in good standing. You'll also get a red warning message here at the top where you will get a notification if a payment failed or your ad account is restricted for any reason. One more thing to check for is when you go on the ads level. So, you click on the adset name and you check on all of your ads to make sure that the delivery uh status uh is not disabled or something like that, right? When you click on edit, you'll also see right here at the top right hand side a warning message if something is wrong with the ad. That can also obviously affect adset level spending. So, if all of your ads are disabled or blocked for whatever reason, then your adsets won't deliver as well. So, that's a real quick health check. Once you've done that and you know you're good, we can move on to the next step. Next, we want to ensure that the adset level targeting uh is not causing the issue. Why the adset level? Because that's really where we set the targeting restrictions and that's typically associated with with delivery issue. So, the very first thing we want to check for is the target audience size. I'll show you how to check for that. You head on over back into the adset. You hover over it, click on edit, and then at the right hand side, you will see here show estimate audience size. and you click on that, you can see the actual audience size, right? And so you can see this is obviously a massive massive audience. Sometimes when folks have very narrow lookalike audiences or interest targeting, they might find that this audience number ends up being very narrow and small. What's too narrow? I would say that anything below 200,000 is playing with fire. And so that could then cause basically delivery issues. That happens a lot when you set up very narrow interest and you you layer them, right? So in that case you can consider not layering them and basically just have one set of interests and then you create another adset targeting the other set of interests to just broaden that audience size. So everything above 200k should be fine. Also when you target a custom audience a retargeting audience of your website visitors let's say and on that pixel you have less than a thousand visitors that this could also be causing that issue. And so then just wait until you have gathered more website visitor data on your pixel and then you can relaunch the audience and then should deliver. Next, make sure that you have active ads inside the adset. We already touched on that, right? So when you click on the adset, just make sure that there are ads in there that they're all enabled. So you can see this blue icon right here. Uh and that under the delivery column, you don't have any issue where the ad was disabled. If you don't have the delivery column, head on over right here, click customize columns, and then choose uh select it, and then on the right hand side, it'll show up, and you can drag it into place, and you can click on save, and uh you'll have that uh column ready for your review. Last but not least, make sure you don't have any low manual bidding on the audience. So, when you go into the adset level, you click on edit, you scroll down, you'll have here cost per result, and it says none, right? So in this case, I am on what's called automatic bidding. So Facebook's algorithm will automatically figure out what bidding to to use to enter the auction. But right now, it basically says that Facebook will figure out what's the right bidding and then it's very hard to basically bid too low. And so as a result, you don't get any any reach because you're never winning an auction, right? If you have a value here and it's a very low value, then that could be causing the issue. If, let's say, uh, you know, right now, I'm basically saying, look, I'm willing to spend $5 to get a purchase. that might be too low if I'm selling 20 thou $5,000 products, right? So, um it always has to be in relation. So, my recommendation would be in the beginning to just get rid of it, to not use it, um and see if that fixes the issue. Now, if you've gone through all those steps and there's still no spending or you uh ensure that it's not really applicable to you, then we have to, you know, get out the heavy measures and so we'll try things to force spending on the campaign and on the adset. In a first step, what I like to do is I just like to duplicate the campaign or the adset. I have the uh budget set to 240 right here on the adset level. I can just duplicate the adset. Just re-entering the marketplace for whatever reason gets the spend going. But but uh that would be my first step, just duplicate the adset. And if you're on this active status for, let's say, more than half a day and there's still no spending or very little spending after a day or two, then we got to move on to the next step, which is high manual bidding. I would bid very aggressively. I get sometimes attacked for this because it's not a really logical thing to do, right? So, uh, if I'm selling, let's say, a $500 product, my target cost per purchase is 250. I would bid 1,500, for example. So, three times your AOV, two times your AOV, something very aggressive because I want to reenter the auction. I want to have very high bid. I going to outbid competitors. I will get more delivery and more spend. If I'm telling Facebook I'm willing to spend 1,500 to get a purchase, wouldn't it be crazy expensive? I only want to spend 250. That's true. And it won't really translate into 1,500 cost per purchase. And we're just using this as an initial kick in the butt to get some spend going. and then you can take it out of the adset once it starts delivering but not performing. So this is another trick that I use to really get full spend. And if even this doesn't help and you spend another day and there's just no spending on that audience, then you have to bring out the absolutely heaviest gun, right, which is raising the daily budget and if possible, accelerated spending. Now, at the time of taping this and in the ad account that I'm inside of right now, it's not available that option, but check for yourself if it's available on your site. Right? So, when you head into the adset in question, you'll find at the top section under conversion, you scroll down, there's going to be this show more settings, and then you have delivery type. And if you can set this, you can go to accelerated spending. And so then it will basically be yet another kick in the butt to really accelerate spending and get this going. You can pair it with an increase in daily spend or you first set up accelerated spending and then increase the daily spend. So in that case, you have a large enough audience, healthy ad account standing, high budget, high manual bidding, and accelerated spending. But make sure that you monitor every hour to ensure that you know you're not um you're not burning through capital too fast. Um that's that. And obviously at some point if you have other audiences that are delivering and performing well, you could obviously also just throw in the towel at some point and say, "Look, I'll rely on the other ones." You can also just when you are a customer, if you're watching this video and you're a customer of Adamigo AI or a user, then obviously you can just ask the agent to run an audit on that asset and figure out why it's not delivering. And then at the end, it'll recommend to you things that it wants to do to fix that delivery, right? So, it can go ahead and then change the bidding, change the budget and everything. You just talk to the agent. It's almost like a media buyer or an agency and it will figure out what needs to be done and do it for you. I hope this video was helpful and see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nathan47223 [11 likes]: FInally a video that comprehensively explains this.
  2. @Hajimuizcopy [4 likes]: Thanks man. Duplicating the ad sets worked
  3. @samsemilia88 [3 likes]: just started a new bm accound and ad account
i put 50$ for a campaign
an ABO
since 2 days its not spending 1 cent
raised budget, duplicated it did everything
even i put 50$ on the account as credit.. its still not spending
  4. @jonathanalves9337 [1 likes]: How can i know if my account has been banned?  My account seems ok, I can create ads, but it`s not spending at all
  5. @DivyaanshBhardwaj-o9s [1 likes]: Another issue could be that your card is set as backup not primary that was issue for me .
  6. @loujeanbuenaventura [1 likes]: Hey ,Just wanted to ask if you already have someone handling video edits.
If not, happy to chat and see if it makes sense to work together.
  7. @tomwootton6518 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video bro, i launched my first ever campaign a day or 2 ago and waited for the 24 hour review after that iseen no results, so i paused my active campaign and launched a new campaign that targetted traffic insteaf sales, still sat on 0£ spent even tho my ad is "active"
  8. @oyebankeoyelowo3290 [1 likes]: I’m facing this issue on all my ads account 
What could be the cause?
I have tried everything in this video ,it’s still not spendifing
  9. @nonaim4833 [1 likes]: i just satrted the campaign 4 hours ago and just have 0  dollats spending is it nromal ?  i have audience of 1.000.000.000 and 50 $ budget
  10. @Highvibenoah [1 likes]: Nice video I’m facing this issue
  11. @growwithgodbless: Well done.. keep up the good work
  12. @YTkingsniper: It’s my very first ad and campaign I’m running and it’s been active for more than a day and it’s still not spending money on the ads yet. Can you please tell me what happened and how I can fix it?
  13. @antoinettemuzi1640: Would this work for a lifetime budget? I am running a ticket flash sale and barely got any spend in the last 12 hours
  14. @SalmanAli-yk5mx: I duplicated the campaign and paused the original one as you told, then after a few hours, all ads' status changed to "Preparing" from active now. Don't know what's happening!!!
  15. @tapoa5638: thankyou, increasing cost per result goal worked
  16. @fakiev22: i have a new account should i just wait a day or 2
  17. @RZephyrr: My ads are not spending but meat is charging me a little bit I think it is to check payment is working and it is but still $0 spent on the actual campaign. Those facbook payments were most likely tests from meta.
  18. @MirOrhan: wanted to share my experience with Meta Ads support because it has been extremely frustrating.

I have been running multiple campaigns, following all the recommended guidelines — using Meta Advantage campaigns, no manual targeting, no frequent changes — yet I am facing CPM spikes up to 100x and very low impressions. This is causing continuous losses.

Since yesterday, I have been communicating with Meta advisors, providing detailed screenshots and proof, but the support team has:
	•	Ignored my proof
	•	Repeatedly told me to “wait 24–48 hours” without any actual solution
	•	Given vague, generic replies
	•	Failed to escalate the issue to a senior or technical team

Even when I ran a practical ad exactly as instructed, let it run for the whole day despite losses, the result still showed negative performance, but my evidence was not accepted.

I am extremely frustrated because the support team is not taking my case seriously, wasting my time, and giving no resolution, even though this issue is causing real financial loss.

I wanted to share this with you because I feel like Meta Ads support is mishandling serious issues
“I would really appreciate it if you could provide guidance or assistance to resolve this issue
  19. @thehypereelz: Bro i literally tried everything here and contacted support, but my ads aren't spending at all. It suddenly stopped spending on spetember and till now its not working. 

  Its an old ad account abiut 1 year.   
I cheked the audience size, pixel, ad creative, cost bidding, budget, domain verification and also tried duplicating the ads nothing worked. Im out of solutions honestly man my ads are just stuck at 0
  20. @gamer124: i launched 1 adset with 6 creatives with 1000pkr which is enough like in dollars you can assume i am spending 30$ but meta is not spending money in 2 days its spend only 1k but my budget was 1k pr day , and we are frsh no data our first compaign . we are on broad fully broad ,  plus all creatives are active i  can see ! 
if you know pls tell if don't know just tell me i will appreciate it !

- Why Your Facebook Ads Don't Work | Facebook Ads Troubleshooting: Kind: captions Language: en how's it going everybody welcome to another video and this one we're going over why your facebook ads aren't working and what we can do to fix them with that being said I'd really appreciate it if you leave a like on the channel and hit subscribe we're releasing new content like this every week that'll help you grow your business and super valuable content I try to put a lot of work into what I put here so leave a like that definitely helps us reach more people and let's go ahead and get into why your Facebook ads don't work so this is something I got from dr. Tyler Cole's I service primarily orthodontist within my agency and he identified three things that you know usually when a campaign doesn't work it's because one of these three things were off and the first one is goals so if somebody can run a Facebook ad and say my goal is to get new patients into my orthodontic clinic or my goal is to get more people into my restaurant something like that but they haven't clearly defined what that means and how many people they would like to start or how many people they would like to come into the restaurant so the goal of your campaign is a very important place to start you want to know how many people you want to bring in at what price point so that you can know if you succeeded begin with the end of mind secondly is targeting so Facebook makes this super super easy if your targeting is off you can just go watch any of the other videos on my channel I'll tell you what to do for targeting and it's really not that difficult with Facebook on other mediums maybe like a billboard or a magazine I could see this being really difficult but digitally you're only reaching the people that you tell Facebook or Google or whatever platform you're using I want these people to see my ads so that shouldn't be too difficult what I find most of the time is that this last one content is the thing that needs to do most of the heavy lifting and which most people don't get right because it's the hardest part so goals are pretty simple usually somebody knows what they want to do targeting is also simple but is the thing that will make your ads suffer if you don't do it right so with that said let's talk about something called the BJ Fogg behavior model this is a professor his name is Vijay Fogg and he came up with this motto to explain how people behave and why they behave it's just like a simple way of talking about human behavior and it's something that you should understand if you're trying to market is that marketing is just dealing with human nature at scale so if you understand the human condition you're gonna be a good marketer but if you don't then you're not going to be a good marketer so this is just basic fundamental human nature and the more I find that I study human nature the better I become at marketing because we know how to play into the biases we know how to motivate someone to do something they wouldn't otherwise do and we understand human nature so here on the left side of the screen behavior equals motivation times ability times trigger so if a behavior doesn't happen it's because one of these things didn't happen either there wasn't enough motivation there wasn't enough ability or perceived ability or there wasn't a trigger and in our case the ad that we're doing is this trigger right here this that's very simple the motivation and the ability is not totally in our control but we also control through the trigger how the motivation and ability of something is perceived to a particular customer so let's take a look at this graph on the y-axis we have motivation and on the x-axis we have ability so high motivation plus low ability you might be able to get somebody to do that it's that's very very very high motivation and then depending on how low the ability or the perceived ability is and then on the flip side is if it's a high ability and there's a decent amount of motivation to do it then that will probably get done if the trigger is in place so this is like you know if we had a dot map scattered here on this graph all of the people that you're running your Facebook Ads to would be on different sides of this wine that we've drawn here and your trigger comes in and the people that are on one side of the line are just gonna convert right away there's people that'll just they're ready to buy braces or they're ready to go in to your restaurant or your they're ready to buy whatever product or service you're offering and when you put that trigger in front of them it's a media they know what they want and they go and do it but the majority of people are going to be on the other side of the line we're over here where there's low perceived ability or there's not a very high motivation to do what you're asking them to do and some people you're just not going to be able to move and that's the reality of business but these people that are close to the line that's where your trigger comes in and can pull them over the line okay so your job is the advertiser is to increase the perceived ability decrease the difficulty of somebody doing something and then increasing the motivation so an example of decreasing the difficulty would be the very first time I ran an ad for an orthodontist they wanted to run a click to call ad so basically what that means is the ad would show up on their Facebook feed or the the person's Facebook feed and then it would be prompting them to call the orthodontic office right away so that the difficulty of that action is pretty high because most people aren't ready for a phone call right now maybe they're just you know sitting in line waiting for their food maybe they're stopped at a stoplight they don't want to call right away so what we did instead was we changed it from a click to call ad to click to messenger ad so we're decrease the difficulty of somebody the barrier to entry of somebody communicating with this business by taking it from a phone call to a messaging conversation and then here at the bottom increasing the motivation an example of this would be well I'm gonna hop into some other examples right here so getting in braces invisalign let's look at a few different examples so let's say this family they just went to their dentist and the dentist said your daughter has really really bad teeth and there's no space for them to come in and she needs to get in braces right away or else she's gonna have a lot of pain she'll be in a lot of pain so this family has a really high motivation to get to the orthodontist and let's say they have a fairly low perceived difficulty because they you know they're pretty well-to-do it's not gonna hurt their pocketbooks too much so here all you would have to do is just put a simple trigger in front of them and they'd probably choose you as long as your triggers tell them that they're going to the best orthodontist or their daughter will be in the correct and so that she can not be in pain and that her smile will turn out the way that they wanted to as parents so when an ad speaking to somebody like this again it wouldn't be too hard but you'd be talking about how you can help people that don't have enough space in their mouth then they would know right away oh this is orthodontist for us they click on the ad and then they become a patient so now let's look at this one let's say this guy's like 24 he wants to get braces or Invisalign es crooked teeth but they're not too bad it's just like a gap in the front and you know he just works like a minimum-wage job so and doesn't really have any savings so he has a really high perceived difficulty because of the cost of braces invisalign he knows that there's a big price tag on there and he doesn't really have that high of a motivation to become an orthodontic patient because he doesn't he's not that unhappy with his teeth so eventually he'll get to a point where his motivation is really really high and you want to be in front of him before that so that he will convert eventually but right now this is kind of an example of somebody where it pays to be in front of them but it's gonna pay down the line not right away okay now let's talk about this later let's say she's like 28 her teeth again aren't that crooked but she knows that she'd like to have braces at some point or Invisalign and she has a really nice job she doesn't have any kids she's single so she has enough money to pay for it out of pocket and she's not worried about that what you would need to speak to in your trigger or your ad here is motivation not difficulty so notice that so if there was a high perceived difficulty here what you'd be wanting to talk about in the ad as hey we make a braces affordable for anybody who wants them we don't want pasta stand in the way of a smile you love and here we'd be talking about how a smile affects your work life it affects your your family life it affects your self-image that if you don't get it fixed you won't have the same level of life quality and you know these ads we could run two similar ads one for this guy one for this avatar let's say and one for this avatar and it's going to speak to one and not speak to the other and vice versa so now let's talk about meal delivery let's say the same lady but this time she's not that well-off she doesn't have as much money but she really needs to eat healthy because she has a health condition so this meal delivery service is really healthy it just delivers your food so you don't have to think about cooking or buying food or anything like that but it's pretty expensive so her perceived difficulty is high because it's expensive but she has a very high motivation because of her health condition she knows that she needs to eat healthy so in your ad you'd be talking about expense and how you want to make it affordable for everyone and you be offering a discount where I said it would be different if you were looking at a different avatar okay and this last one here let's say this guy's an orthodontist and he's looking for a marketing agency this is when I run into a lot so I thought I'd throw it in here orthodontist see this high perceived difficulty because there's so many people out there who really don't know what they're doing in the marketing space and they've been burned in the past and so the perceived difficulty of finding the right marketing agency is really really high but let's say this specific worth Adonis he just started his practice he's a really high motivation to try it because he needs his business to grow so I would speak to him about the perceived difficulty by maybe offering a guarantee or offering a free trial or just talking him about past case studies of how successful the campaigns we've run have been and how we know that they can be successful for him as well so I hope you've enjoyed this really like we talked about at the beginning if we go back here these are the three things that you need to focus on goals and targeting really aren't that hard but content is what's going to do the heavy lifting if you don't put the right content in front of the right audience it's not going to work and all three of these have to be in place yes what the content is the most difficult one to get correct so make sure that you use this BJ Fogg behavioral model to build your ads around them create avatars and and really just seek to understand human behavior and what causes people to do certain things and then just do everything you can to increase motivation and increase perceived ability as well as decrease the friction that somebody has to go through in order to become one of your customers and if you do that I promise you that your triggers are going to work amazingly well there's a reason that Facebook is a multi-billion dollar company is because there are a lot of people that can run profitable Facebook ads and you are not the exception I promise you that you can figure out how to run profitable Facebook ads it's just going to take some testing and tweaking and learning on your part I hope this will help you shortcut that process and thanks for watching again please leave a like on this video if you liked it and share it with someone who might need it thank you and I'll talk to you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @Orthopatients [1 likes]: Where or When have you seen this behavioral model work for you?


Email me at: keaton@orthopatients.com

Send me a message on facebook at:

https://www.facebook.com/keatonewalker

Or Schedule a call with me: https://orthopatients.com/scheduler/

- How To Fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering Problem [2025 Full Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem. If you've ever run into this issue, you know it can be frustrating to see your ads stalled, especially when you're eager to get your message out. But don't worry, I'm here to guide you through a straightforward process to check and resolve those delivery hiccups. First things first, you'll need to navigate to Facebook Ads Manager. You can do this by searching for it on Google or simply using the URL link if you have it bookmarked. Once you're there, you'll want to click on go to ads manager. This takes you directly to your dashboard where all your ad campaigns live. Now, if you're prompted to enter your email and password, this is essential to ensure you have full access to your account. Once you've logged in successfully, you'll see a wide array of tools and data at your disposal, but our focus today is on the campaigns dashboard. This is your control center for all the ads you've ever run or are planning to run. Next, we'll turn our attention to the delivery column within your campaigns dashboard. This column is crucial because it displays the current status of your ads, ad sets, and overall campaigns. This is where you'll see if your ad is active, pending, or off. If the status reads pending, this could mean several things. It might be that your ad is still in draft form, waiting for you to complete and submit it. It could also be pending review by Facebook's team, which is a standard procedure to ensure your ad meets their community standards and guidelines. Lastly, it could simply be that the ad is scheduled for a future date and time. On the other hand, if the status reads off, this indicates that your ad has been manually turned off by you or another user with access to your account. Alternatively, it could have been automatically disabled due to a preset rule. Facebook allows you to create automated rules to control ad delivery based on certain criteria like budget limits, time of day, or even audience reach. Always double check these settings if your ad isn't showing as expected. Make it a habit to regularly check your delivery status. It might not just be a technical glitch. Sometimes it's as simple as ensuring that everything aligns with your intended schedule and budget. By keeping an eye on these indicators, you can swiftly address any issues and ensure your ads are reaching the desired audience efficiently. By following these steps, you should be able to pinpoint and resolve the reasons why your Facebook ads aren't delivering. Remember, the key is to stay proactive and regularly monitor your ads. By doing so, you can ensure that your advertising efforts run smoothly and achieve the results you're aiming

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarlosFlores-zk1ln [28 likes]: You didn't give a solution, just reasons to why. Like a professor telling you why you didn't solve a problem but not actually explaining step by step a solution.
  2. @smiless101 [7 likes]: Mine is active bu not delivering?!!!!
  3. @giovangcotich [4 likes]: wasting my time, garbage video
  4. @APcheques [3 likes]: i'm never getting those 2 minutes back
  5. @toysandgameslover5417 [3 likes]: What the fuck mate. You reading an AI script LOL
  6. @avesmalik6406 [3 likes]: Blah Blah Blah... Nonsense.. No Solution.
  7. @youknowmuna [2 likes]: you have not solved any issues or answered any questions, this is a pointless video
  8. @semricbigdog [1 likes]: Useless information
  9. @Smiti-CJ [1 likes]: luckily it's only 2 minutes, wasted.
  10. @Abstract852 [1 likes]: Wow....you like hearing yourself speak but don't actually contribute anything relevant to anyone
  11. @MadTitan954: That was super useless
  12. @amfitness431: Such a waste of time. YOU DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO HELP. That was so AI ass sounding information please do better:(
  13. @James-wt5lx: wtf was this bs you Aussie
  14. @NXXVAA: This is terrible
  15. @oyeintonyebrakeru9636: He didn't give any solution
  16. @engrwehelie9641: Nonsense. Stupid

- Engaging Gen Z with Trendsetting Social Media Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en-US

  Top Comments:
  1. @kamalcampbell2254 [1 likes]: Great engagement wit AR VR and ARTIFICIAL   Technology

- Gen Z Still Logs Into Facebook, But Spends More Time in Other Apps | Marketing Midday: Kind: captions Language: en-US Monthly active users and daily active users are two of the most common metrics when reporting on social media apps. But should marketers look beyond these numbers? With the rise of TikTok, it may come as a surprise that Facebook still boasts the highest number of monthly active users in the Gen-Z demographic, according to Social Media Today. But just because Gen Z is logging on to Facebook doesn't mean they are engaging with content and spending enough time to see ads. Marketers should be more concerned with the time spent in the app and the amount of engagement from users over number of monthly active users. It may also surprise you to know that young Gen X and older millennials spend 25% more time on social media than Gen Z. Marketers should dig a little deeper than just monthly active users when deciding the best platform to reach their target markets.

- GenZ Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en foreign Marketing Solutions spark your Brand's online impact Elevate online presence with our approach elevate your Brand's impact with our specialized gen Z marketing service we create authentic strategies to engage digital natives across LinkedIn Facebook Instagram and other social media Embrace personalized campaigns and social impact to resonate with your target audience and Market join gen Z marketing and unlock your Brand's potential with our expert approach Target tomorrow's consumers and drive brand growth for a conceivable future contacting and getting in touch with us is extremely simple with our social media please come for a coffee at our office at Halpin house alternatively email at marketinggenzymarketing dot XYZ or call us at 0755482-3078

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @jankijain210: The remixing strategy from Meta Ad Library is pure gold. Such a practical approach to building a reliable ad framework🎯📊
  3. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  4. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  5. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  6. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  7. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  8. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  9. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  10. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  11. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  12. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  13. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  14. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  15. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  16. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  17. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  18. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  19. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  20. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads used to work at first, driving leads and sales, but now have flatlined, or if you never really felt like they got off the ground to begin with, the problem is usually not your ads, your product, your targeting, or even the algorithm. It's probably your account structure. Most small businesses launch a few campaigns, throw all their ads into one place, and then try to scale. At first, it works, but as you add more creatives, more audiences, and more budget, everything starts interfering with everything else. New ads reset that learning, winning ads lose spend, retargeting overlaps with prospecting, and the algorithm stops performing predictably. And if that sounded a little confusing, let me put it this way. The brands that scale consistently, whether they're spending $100 a day or $10,000 a day, almost always have one thing in common. They run a structured system that separates acquisition, testing, scaling, retargeting, and retention. In this video, I'm going to break down the new best Facebook ads campaign structure for 2026, designed specifically around how Meta's algorithm works right now. We'll walk through five key components. The main campaign, where most of your budget goes, the scaling campaign, where winners get pushed harder, interest testing without confusing the algorithm, retargeting people who showed interest but didn't buy, and retention campaigns that turn customers into repeat buyers, if that makes sense given the nature of your business. So, even if you've never had real success with Facebook ads before, by the end of this video, you will know the exact steps to take to manage, scale, and optimize your ads for leads and sales. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've helped small businesses go from zero to thousands in revenue coming in every month from [music] social media. If you just want to see how we could do the same for your business with no strings attached, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call. Otherwise, we're going to jump in with the first of five steps on how to best structure your Facebook ads campaign, starting with step one, set up your main prospecting campaign. The foundation of almost every successful Facebook ad account is a single main prospecting campaign focused entirely on acquiring brand new customers. This campaign should usually receive around 80% of your total ad spend. If you're spending $100 a day, that means roughly $80 should go here. If you're spending $1,000 a day, roughly $800 goes here. The reason is simple. This campaign is responsible for bringing new people into your ecosystem, which fuels everything else in your account. So, if this campaign isn't set up correctly and drawing the right people in, the rest of the steps in this video won't matter. Inside this campaign, you want to keep everything as simple as possible, so you want to use a sales objective if you want sales, or the lead objective if you want leads. Set it on campaign budget optimization, so that it will distribute your budget in real time to the best performing ad sets, meaning you don't have to manually do that yourself all the time. And choose broad targeting. Meta's algorithm is smart enough now to read your ad copy, your creative, your destination URL, and find the right audience based on those things. It no longer needs you to enter in a bunch of detailed targeting options like interests and behaviors to figure out who to show the ad to. If anything, you can enter in age, gender, and location if any of those things truly matter for your business, like if you only service a certain local radius, or if your product is exclusively for women, etc. Otherwise, instead of narrowing audiences with dozens of interests, you're allowing the algorithm to do the work. However, there is one important rule here. For this campaign, you should exclude people who already know your brand. That means creating a custom audience of recent website visitors or social media engagers, add-to-cart users, and existing customers. And then once you've created that audience, exclude that audience in the ad set level. This ensures the campaign focuses only on true new customer acquisition. Now, the key structural element inside this campaign is something called creative packs. Each time you launch a new round of ads, you place them into a separate ad set pack. For example, broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. Each pack contains a different batch of creatives. This system prevents new ads from interfering with older ads that are already performing well. So, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, each pack, or ad set, gathers its own data independently. And over time, your prospecting campaign becomes a structured testing environment where new creative enters the system without disrupting existing winners. Once you identify ads that perform extremely well, those ads graduate to the next stage, which leads us to step two, set up the scale campaign. Your second campaign exists for one purpose, scaling proven winners. So, this campaign is where you duplicate your best performing ads from the first campaign and allow the algorithm to push more budget behind them. Think of this campaign is your high-performance engine. Inside your prospecting campaign, many ads will run. Some will fail. Some will perform decently. But a few ads will consistently generate strong results. When you find those winners, you duplicate them into your scale campaign. This campaign should only contain ads that have already proven they can generate conversions profitably. The structure here, again, stays simple. One campaign, one broad audience, and only winning ads. The algorithm then pushes budget towards the strongest performers. This setup prevents new experimental creative from interfering with ads that are already working. And again, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, you allow proven ads to scale efficiently in their own environment. Once your winners are scaling, the next step is learning more about your audience with step three, interest testing. Even though broad targeting performs extremely well today, interest testing can still provide valuable insights. However, most advertisers test interests incorrectly. They test new audiences and new creatives at the same time, which makes it impossible to understand what actually caused the performance change. Instead, the correct approach is to test interests using proven ads only. In other words, the creative is already validated, and it has already shown to work. So, now the audience becomes the variable. For example, if you sell fitness apparel, you might test audiences like CrossFit, Gymshark, or Nike Training Club. Each interest is placed in its own ad set, but all of them use the exact same proven winning ads. This allows you to clearly see whether the audience itself improves performance. Sometimes an interest group reveals a pocket of buyers the algorithm was not prioritizing before. And occasionally, those insights feed back into your broad targeting performance as Meta learns more about the ideal customer profile. Interest testing is not the core driver of performance anymore, but it remains a valuable way to expand reach strategically. Once new prospects enter your ecosystem, the next step is converting those who showed interest but didn't buy. So, step four, set up your retargeting campaign. Not everyone buys the first time they see your product. In fact, most people don't. On average, it takes seven interactions with a brand before a customer will make a purchase. That's why every account needs a dedicated retargeting campaign. This campaign focuses exclusively on people who have already interacted with your brand. So, typical retargeting audiences include website visitors from the last 30 days, people who added products to their cart, and social media engagers. These audiences already know who you are, which means your messaging should look a little different from the first two campaigns. Instead of introducing the brand, retargeting ads should focus on reminding people about products they viewed, showing social proof, addressing objections, and highlighting urgency or offers. The important rule here is that this campaign should only target these audiences. Meta sometimes tries to expand beyond retargeting audiences, which can cause spend to leak back into prospecting. So, to avoid this, make sure audience expansion settings are turned off, so the campaign stays tightly focused. Retargeting campaigns typically run with smaller budgets than prospecting campaigns, but they often produce some of the highest conversion rates in your account, because this is your warmer audience. Once someone finally makes a purchase, the next opportunity begins. So, step five, drive repeat purchases with a retention campaign. Many advertisers make the mistake of treating a customer's first purchase as the end of the buying journey, but in reality, it's just the beginning. Your retention campaign exists to turn customers into repeat buyers. This campaign targets only people who have already purchased from your brand before. However, not all customers are the same. Someone who bought last week behaves very differently from someone who bought a year ago. That's why retention should usually be split into two audiences. First is recent buyers, typically customers from the last 180 days. These people already remember your brand, so your ads can focus on complimentary products, upsells, or new releases. And then the second one, older buyers, customers who purchased further in the past. These audiences may need reminders on your brand overall, seasonal offers, or product updates to bring them back. Retention campaigns are extremely powerful because the cost of acquiring a repeat customer is usually much lower than acquiring a brand new one. When done correctly, they increase customer lifetime value and improve the overall profitability of your ad account. The reason this campaign structure works so well overall is that it separates different marketing objectives into their own environments. Your prospecting campaign focuses entirely on finding new customers. Your scaling campaign pushes winning ads harder. Interest testing allows you to explore new audiences without confusing the algorithm. Retargeting converts people who have already showed interest, and retention campaigns generate repeat purchases from existing customers. So, instead of one messy account where everything overlaps, you now have a system where each campaign has a clear purpose. And that clarity makes optimization easier, protects your best ads, maximizes your dollar, and gives Meta's algorithm cleaner signals to work with. If you implement this structure correctly, your ad account will get far easier to scale because every part of the system is designed to do one job extremely well. And if you want more breakdowns of real strategies that are working right now in Facebook and Instagram ads, make sure to subscribe because the platforms evolve constantly and the small business owners who adapt to their ad systems the fastest are always the ones who continue to profit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadstructure&utm_campaign=apr72026
  2. @LenaWoskowski: Everytime I try to test multipe creatives in one adset meta only gives budget to one that it likes the most. I dont understand how I am supposed to find winners without testing them individually. Is that a budget problem?
  3. @FhoodyCast: how many adsets in scaling campaign? and should I make new adset  in scaling campaign for each wining creative from the testing campaign?
  4. @HaleyMcDonald-u1k: Even when I click to further limit the reach of my ads, the interest can only be a suggestion. How are you doing interest targeting?
  5. @antoineholman6978: Great information! Thank you! Does this strategy still work well under the andromeda update?

- Facebook Ads NEW Rules for 2026 (learn this ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en I've put together the seven things that are changing the most in Facebook ads right now. These are essentially the new rules for what it's like to optimize and run Facebook ads accounts in 2026. Across our agency, we manage millions of dollars in direct to consumer ad spend every single month. And what I'm seeing right now in ad accounts is completely different than what I saw even just 6 months ago. What I'm going to break down goes against what you've probably been taught. probably goes against what I have said on this very channel right here in the past, but they're working right now and my bet is that they're going to continue to work into the next year. So, basically what we're seeing is that the biggest brands in the world are all increasing their creative volume massively. We have literally seen every large brand increase up and to the right. And let me give you some examples of that. So, this is a look at the media mix from Athletic Greens. And as you can see, a year ago, they were running on average around 400 images and 300 videos. Now, that sounds like a lot, but that's roughly speaking if we add the 496 and 376, that's close to a,000 active ads. Today, they're running over 6,822 ads. So, Athletic Greens, we'll write AG1 here, went from 1,000 ads to 6K. Let's take a look at another business called Talentless. This is a clothing brand. I really like to model some of these ads. I think they do a great job. Now, we can see back in January, they were running 64 images and 19 videos. Let's just call this one talent. And let's just give them 100, we'll say, even though it's less. They went from 100 active ads to today they're running 1,081 active ads. So, they 10xed their ad production. AG1 6xed their ad production. And by the way, every brand is doing this. You could just name any big brand that's actually scaling and you will see a chart that looks just like this. Let's take Gap here for example. that started back in January running 130 to 150 ads. Let's call it 150. And today they are running 6,353 ads. We're just going to say 6K plus. I don't even know what the multiple on that. It's a 60x multiple roughly speaking. 50x multiple. We have seen these three ginormous brands scale so significantly by having creative at scale. This is the trend. Anyone that tells you otherwise is too lazy to create creative, which leads me to my second point, the creative engine. Now, the creative engine is what allows businesses to scale their ads so quickly. It's what allows you to see so many different variations from the same company, seemingly making you not fatigue from looking at so many ads at the same time. And whether you're a brand that's literally running your first round of ads today after watching this video or if you're trying to actually aggressively scale, I'm going to break down how these engines work. They get more complex as you grow and grow, but generally these four steps are what need to be followed. So, every creative engine starts at the top with launching new ads. We're just going to call this launch. The next thing you do after launch is you have a grace period. This grace period is somewhere between 7 and 14 days. This is when you're just hanging out, evaluating your ads, pausing down absolute duds and scaling winners. This is just allowing those ads to breathe and really give them a fair chance. After that 14-day period, you have to do analysis. Now, that analysis needs to have factored in incremental attribution. So, we're going to add a very important note here. This needs to be incremental analysis. And what I mean by this is you're looking not just at 7-day click one day view, but you're actually looking at incremental attribution in your Facebook ads platform. And then after you analyze that, it's time to brief. And brief really means you're taking your best performing creatives from your ad account and you are, yes, briefing to actually see if you can create more variations of these top creatives, these concepts. Now, there's a wild card that can come in, and this is very important in this briefing process. You also need to be taking competitor ads, as I'm inserting out of left field, literally, and brief in on those as well. So the combination is you're taking your ads that are actually working the best already for you in your ad account and you're taking your competitor ads and you're briefing new concepts and iterations together and then you launch those new ads. This is a constant cycle and this is how you build a very basic but robust creative engine. The third rule is that oversimplistic campaign strategies are gone. And I'll call this no more one campaign method. Now the basis of this method falls into a very simple philosophy. Facebook is smarter than us, which it kind of is, and we could just throw all of our ads into one single campaign. I'm here to tell you that this breaks very quickly, and it breaks because of the lack of swim lanes. What we want to actually create in our account is new customers, engaged customers and existing customers. And why we want this, why this is so important, because typically Facebook overspends on existing customers. They spend just enough on engaged, which is fine, and they underspend on new customers. This is especially a problem when you start to get to larger portions of spend. And therefore, a lot of your budget as a not just percentage, but actual dollar amount is skewed into existing customers, which ultimately means you're not scaling new customer acquisition, which is what you want to do with Facebook ads, with Instagram ads, and so on. Which leads me to the opposite, but also extremely important rule that I think is going to dominate 2026. At this point, before I even showcase this rule, I want to mention something that's really important. If you are a brand that is trying to scale in 2026, the average brand that we work with saw a 41% increase in profit in the first 90 days. So, if you want to work with us and actually scale your ads, take things seriously this year instead of being at the stalemate that many people's businesses are, then go to the moonlighters.com and apply to work with us. It takes 2 minutes to apply and you get on a 15minute call. If you don't like that 15-minute call, you waste 15 minutes of your life. Best case scenario, you're one of those businesses that scales to 41% on average. That's not our best. It's not our worst in the first 90 days. So, number four, is dead. What is absolutely dead, which we'll mark on the X over here, is any sort of functionality where you think you could take 20 to 30% of your budget and treat that in testing. That is a very easy way to lose 10, 20, 30% of your total performance in your ad account and create an actual cost center in your business. What is absolutely working here is the exact opposite. You create a prospecting CBO and within that prospecting CBO, you not only test here, but you scale here and this becomes the number one campaign. The beautiful part about the prospecting CBO is your test ads are actually not going to get any spend unless they are actually better than the rest of the ads. So you create a hyperco competitive environment in your own ad account. We always want our best ads to rise to the top and doesn't allow that because us as human beings are way slower than the algorithm. Number five, fastest horse is back in action. You probably don't actually know what this means, but I'll give it to you in simple verbiage. Advanced breakdowns are so back it's crazy. We went through this period where it was actually completely fine to just run a bunch of your ads into the same campaign or a couple campaigns, select automatic placements, select everything automatic, all genders, all locations, and just let it rip. That period has completely ended in 2025, and it is going to continue to be over in 2026. The way that we're treating what I call the fastest horse is you want to put your bets, meaning spend the most amount of money on the fastest horse. And how that generally functions are day of week, platform, landing page, gender, country, and the list goes on and on. What's important to recognize that in each of these breakdowns in your ad platform, they all have levers that you can pull that Facebook might not have the exact information on for you. For example, if you know on your Shopify store that Mondays and Tuesdays work better than Saturdays and Sundays, then you should spend more on the better performing days, but I would bet most people spend the same amount of money every single day. Why would you do that? Why would you do the same thing if Facebook works better than Instagram or vice versa? Why would you spend the same amount if one landing page works better than the other? This goes all the way down the board. Make sure that you're always putting your money where you're most likely to make money back. The sixth new rule of Facebook ads is profit over rorowaz. Rorowaz has become this holy grail number. It's something that everyone is just so obsessed about and it actually does mean a lot. Rorowaz is a very important efficiency metric. It is simply your return on ad spend to make sure that you're always profitable on every single purchase. But that's all and where it truly ends. What a lot of brands get caught up in is they want a very high return on ad spend. They want a 5x. They want a 10x. That's great. I want those numbers, too. Everyone does. But the real question to ask yourself is, how much profit are you leaving on the table by forcing your business into a very high return on ad spend? Think about it like this. Would you rather spend $1,000 at a 5x or $100,000 at a 1.2x? Now, I understand I'm using very large numbers here to make a very easy point because in this case, you're getting $5,000 in return minus your $1,000 in ad spend, equaling to $4,000 in profit. In this case, you're getting a total of 120k revenue minus the 100k ad spend, again, equaling to 20K in total revenue. And even if these numbers were way, way closer, even if they were the same profit, I would always prefer the bigger spend and the lower rorowaz. And the reason for that is actually simple. This allows you to build an army of loyal customers. This is so important for everyone to understand. The bigger your business is, the more people talk about your business. The more people talk about your business, the more residual sales you have over long periods of time. So in all cases, you want to take the lowest rorowaz you can possibly afford at the highest volume. And number seven, this is probably one of the biggest ones because there was new tools that came out by Facebook in 2025 that took some time for us to adopt and get used to. And this is truly attribution has changed. Everyone got used to 7-day click or one-day view. And some people said, I don't want to use any one-day view and I'm just going to use 7-day click or even I'm going to use one day click. Right? This was also very common. Now what's shifted here is the introduction of incremental attribution. And what incremental attribution does is it allows us to see the purchases that happened because of Facebook. So what we now prefer to do is a hybrid approach. We now prefer to really look at the 7-day click, 1-day view as the core attribution method for the brand, but focus on incremental attribution when we're talking about which creatives to scale because we know incrementally that's most important. And in many cases, we might actually shift everything to incremental attribution as long as it proves to be most successful in testing. Now, I know I said I had seven, but I'm going to hit you guys with some bonuses. Every single business needs to have a king goal. This is the goal above all goals. This is what you tell your media buyer, you tell your agency. This is the goal that matters the most. It could be an ROI goal, an ME goal, a rorowaz goal, a CPA goal. It could be a revenue goal. Just whatever is most important to you. What I mean by king goal is that you don't conflict this goal with other goals. As long as this goal is achieved, the business is happy and healthy. Number two, flexible ads are ripping right now. I don't want to say too much about this because to be honest, we don't have the full data to back this up quite yet. But early testing, flexible ads are crushing. So, give them a shot in your ad account. There's a very high chance that grouping together these iterations in flexible ads could lead to a significant increase in your performance. And a few other honorable mentions here. AI UGC is getting much much better. This is something I'm very bullish on over the next year. In addition to that, very similar, very connected, Meta Gen AI is getting even stronger as well. You've probably seen the AI enhancements show up more and more on your ads. They're working better and better. I'm really interested to see what's going to happen in 2026, and Little Birdie from Facebook has indicated that this is going to be a very big point. On a completely different note, catalog ads are still strong. This is pretty shocking to most people at this point when we have so many options, so many different ads. But sometimes just showing people something and not trying to trick them or coersse them into buying and just saying, "Hey, these are my products. Go buy them." Does a great job. And then finally, because you got this far, I want to give a reminder that I say all the time. Focus on the 20% of your products that drive 80% of your revenue. This single rule right here could be applied to every single part of the other seven rules that I gave you. Focus on the 20% that drives 80% of the output in every facet of your business and you will be significantly more effective and more efficient. Now, you know the rules, but rules do not make money. Strategy and execution makes money. If you want to see my full setup step by step so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, click this video right here where I go through everything A to Z. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheyFooledYou [10 likes]: Ok, so how do we afford to run 1000 ads 😂
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: If you are in any kind of mainstream niche at all, you will generally be best off trying to copy what your competitors are doing (from the ad library) than inventing a new offer to test.  Only about 10% of those new offer tests will work.  At least start with the "tried and true" then test your other offers no one is using.

Anything you do that offers someone a way to make/save money, makes a person more attractive, or taps into fear usually does well on Facebook now.
  3. @hkbugulli [1 likes]: Very good insights
  4. @GrundmanT [1 likes]: Question  - How do we scale up to that many ads if we are only putting 6-10 ads in an adset and only every 7-14 days?   That would take a lifetime -- what has changed with that?   Thanks!
  5. @AB-Commerce [1 likes]: You noted a problem, that facebook does not spends enough on "new customers" but you forgot to tell how to actually solve this in the cbo?
  6. @shakaslx [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Sam. You're amazing!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l131
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l131
  8. @RafaelBelor: Ok got it:
1. Breathe
2. Brief
3. Breach
4. Beef
5. Horse
  9. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: whata bout you r a new business and will have only new customers? 1 campaign with 1 ad set with 3 ads in in its not a good idea?
  10. @assilmizane: Amazing
  11. @IoniteSimeon: what tool have you used to see the amount of ad creatives used by companies?
  12. @osamaaman1212: Hey sam, you have mentioned about increasing ad budget on the days that are performing well but my question is do we have to reduced budget on the less performing days or remain the same.
  13. @KurtYaz-biz: Flexible ads seems interesting
  14. @abdullahfareed5502: So in which campaign should we test the creatives? Engaging, new, existing? I am actually confused in overall ad account campaigns structure. It'll be great help if you elaborate this thing.
  15. @a.m9196: Can someone tell what is the best AI UGC web?
  16. @GoogleGuy492: What are your thoughts on DABA (product ads) taking a majority of the spend in CBO?
  17. @ghos_t_oaster: today i learned that sam does the marketing for anthony fantano and i've never trusted him more than right now
  18. @TonyWallshq: Anyone running ads this year should probably see this before spending another dollar.
  19. @kanisshka5509: i get winners from prospecting but when i run those for new interest adset it just fails and cpa increased by 2-3x compared to others , why it behave like this
  20. @Ashton_marketing: The end💥

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  6. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  7. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  8. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  9. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  11. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  12. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  13. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  14. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  15. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  16. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  17. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  18. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  19. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?
  20. @tornikephkhovelishvili7344: Great video Ben! I have a question regarding the ''Flexible'' mode. I ran the 5 different creatives with Flexible, but I can not see the result per creative to see which one is performing best, I only see the sum results. How can I deal with it? 

Thanks in advance!

- All the Most Important Meta Ads Features (2026): Kind: captions Language: en What's up, you guys? In today's video, I'm going to walk you through the Meta Ads Manager as it is today, March 16th, 2026. And I'm going to highlight some of the most important features that I think you should know about. I'm going to walk through setting up a campaign so you can see from start to finish all the little settings and I'm going to explain all of them, what they do, and you know, the ones you should keep on, the ones you should consider turning off. And you know, this is more tailored towards beginners and maybe intermediate folks, but I think you guys will get a lot out of it. Basically, looking into the Ads Manager through the eyes of somebody who does this all day, every day for many years. If you're looking to improve your Meta Ads skills, specifically around creative strategy, copywriting, and media buying, then you need to check out Meta Ads Mastery. This is a group of serious advertisers where you can get daily support from seasoned advertisers who are actually in the Ads Manager every single day. You can post a question and within a few hours get a in-depth Loom video response from a seasoned advertiser who's in the Ads Manager every single day. You also get access to three weekly live calls where we're discussing the absolute latest that is working across all the ad accounts that we manage. You also get access to my course, which outlines my entire process from A to Z, from market research to creative strategy, copywriting, and elite media buying. And not only that, you can network with a ton of amazing entrepreneurs from around the world. So, if that interests you, click the link in the description of this video and I'll see you inside. All right, you guys, let's jump into it. So, I'm going to just walk through the Ads Manager a bit. I'm going to set up a campaign. I'm going to explain to you all the most important settings and things that I think matter for you. So, number one is making sure you have your columns set up in an appropriate way. So, if you're doing e-commerce, then you obviously need to be tracking metrics like your cost per result, you know, your ROAS, maybe your average order value, adds to carts, initiate checkouts, and things like that. And if you're doing lead gen, then it's going to be more like, you know, complete registration or submit application or leads, cost per lead, and uh metrics like that. So, in order to do that, you got to click here on columns, then click custom. And then basically, you just click and choose the different metrics that you want, and they appear over here on the right column, and then you can move these up and down, and the farther up it is on this column, the more to the left it is over on uh the actual Ads Manager. So, I'm just going to scroll through this quickly so you can see kind of how I have mine set up, and if you want to copy mine, you're more than welcome. This is a great setup for e-commerce. If you're doing lead gen, then you don't need any of the like adds to carts or ROAS or anything like that, but everything else applies. No initiate checkout, either. Cool. So, make sure that your columns are all set up. Next is the breakdown tool. It's just super useful to break down your results by say, like, age, for example. You can see kind of where you're getting your results, and um even country if you're advertising in multiple countries, you can check your placements and see where Meta is serving your ads, and then don't forget about breaking down by audience segments. So, if you go to demographics and then audience segments, you can break down to see how much you are spending on say, new audiences versus engaged audiences versus existing customers. It's really key to know, like, how much are these cold traffic campaigns uh doing? Uh how much retargeting are they doing? So, that's uh something really useful. Uh you can also break down if you go say to the ad level, you can also break down by uh dynamic creative element. So, you can actually go here, dynamic creative element, and see which headlines, which uh primary texts are actually working for you. I just need to expand the time frame here to actually see some data. But you can see here some of these are showing up. Oh, this is a brand new one. Hold on. Let me restart that one. Another cool feature is you can, you know, put a check mark and then go to breakdown and you can go to dynamic creative element and see the text that are working for you, the different primary text that are working, different headlines, and that's really useful to start narrowing down on the messaging that's really working for you. So, that's just something pretty key to know. And a new feature that just I think came out not that long ago is going to be this conditional formatting. So, if you click on columns and then conditional formatting, you can actually set up rules here. So, this is a digital product client. Their break even return on ad spend is 1x. So, I can simply make rules here. So, if anything is below a 1x or below break even, I can make it red. If something is above, say, 1.7x ROAS, that would be considered really good for me. So, I could have it as green and then anything in the middle I can set it to, uh, you know, yellow. But you can actually set these up to be all different, uh, metrics. So, if you want to uh, set up a color scheme based on your amount spent or your CPA or your cost per result, uh, or any of these other metrics, you can do that and it helps, you know, make the ad account more visually easy to understand and you might be able to make decisions easier and faster. So, I think those are some really key features there. A few more, obviously, is the calendar feature. Uh, the main time frames that we make decisions off of is going to be the last 7 days. However, we do look at, say, maximum for the full story, 30 days for, you know, a longer story. 14 days for a more recent but still kind of longer time frame. 7 days we make our decisions. Last 3 days for the trajectory of where this thing is heading, yesterday for recent results, and then today for where is it at right now. So, I will look at all those different time frames, uh but then really primarily make my decision off of the last 7 days, maybe last 7 days including today, um to make those decisions. But, something that's really useful is this compare feature, so you can click compare to the last So, let's say I just wanted to compare the last 7 days to the previous last 7 days, I can do that. And what happens is these columns here you can actually expand them. And uh so, you can click up here. So, we can see that, for example, so when you click expand, you can see here that from the last 7 days to this 7 days, my ROAS has come down on these two campaigns. So, that's obviously not a good thing. These are uh actually brand new, so they don't have anything to compare it to. Um but, let's say maybe last 30 days, we can see some more data. It's really useful to see kind of like the the change over time. So, maybe let's look at cost per landing page view. You can see here on this specific campaign, I'm seeing a 30% increase in my cost per landing page view. That's something to note, like what what's going on there. So, maybe I'll come in, I'll take a look. Let's see how is my my cost per result, my CPA on both of these have gone up dramatically over the last 7 days. So, that is something to look at, right? Right? So, um this little compare feature is really useful. I highly recommend that you use it. Another good one is exporting your data in your ad account as a CSV or XLS. And you can actually upload your data for different time periods into say Claude, and have it analyze what's going on in your ad account. And I wouldn't say it's perfect, but it can really illuminate uh some things that you might have missed just by looking at the data yourself. So, you know, I don't really make my decisions off of AI, obviously. You know, I've been doing this for a very long time and you have picked up on the patterns myself, but if you're newer, it does it can be useful to get some insights from Claude. I I think Claude is the best one at this. You know, they're coming out with or they've integrated Manas now. It's worth taking a look at. I wouldn't base my entire strategy off of, uh, say, AI tools like that, but you know, I think that's where the future of this is going and I think it can, you know, be really useful in certain cases. So, uh, definitely consider exporting your data, uploading it into Claude, having it analyzed, and have it spot trends for you. And, uh, you know, that's what these large language models are best at. So, all right. Okay, those are some of the main features that I wanted to show you. Uh, a couple more, make sure you go to advertiser settings and you just make sure that everything in here is looking correct. So, number one, it's going to be your creative features. These are these features that Meta will automatically opt you into and it will spend up to 5% of your daily budget on basically training their algorithm to put all this AI nonsense on top of your ads. So, you might see something that has a check like this will be checked and then there'll be another screen just below this that says like AI test that you're opted into. Uh, one sec, I'm going to find one that actually has it here. So, you can see right here. This is my personal ad account. You can see I've unchecked this. I've already opted out of 13 different things here. I but on what day is this? June 9th, they opted me into translating media. And I don't even see where I can opt out of it. So, just make sure that all these are unchecked for you. Uh very important. You see it says on, but I'm going to uncheck it there. There we go. Now it's off. So, just be very careful with that. Inside of uh advertiser settings, it's important that you upload your audience segments. So, inside of audience segments, inside of engaged audience, I will add my website visitors. Um and I'll actually exclude purchasers. So, I will make a custom audience like this. I'll click website next. I'll do all website visitors for the longest time period possible, and then I will exclude, let's say, purchasers. And then you can name it, you know, 180-day website visitors exclude purchasers 180. Something like that. And that is going to be probably the cleanest way to show Meta who your engaged audience are, but not your purchasers, not your existing customers. So, I put those in here. And then in here, um you'll actually put in your customers. So, you can upload your Klaviyo lists, you can upload your Shopify purchase lists. So, if you go website you go here, you go to purchase and do 180 days. Right? And you could add that in there. It's a dynamic list. If you don't have a e-commerce store with a with dynamic audiences like that, you can just upload a CSV of all your customers, and that would suffice, but you would want to update those periodically, so it's, you know, fresh data. So, um that is audience segments. It's very important that you have that so you can use the breakdown tool to see how much money is being spent on your existing customers, on your gauge audience, and on new audiences because you know these cold traffic campaigns they do some level of retargeting automatically so you want to make sure that that you know you may want to do more retargeting or less retargeting depending or you might want to have some exclusions or stuff like that to try to reach net new people which reminds me. That's basically all I wanted to talk about in here back to the ads manager real quick let me turn off this compare feature. It's going to be compare attribution okay so let's quickly talk about compare attribution you click columns compare attribution and then here are the different attribution windows that meta has and incremental attribution. So this is very important the standard attribution window is seven day click one day view. So what does that mean? That means if somebody clicks on your ad within a seven day period and then goes on to buy something from your website that ad is going to get attributed credit for that sale. And if somebody sees your ad within one day doesn't click it but just sees it and then goes on to buy something from your meta will credit that ad your that sale. So that's the standard attribution window seven day click one day view. So what happens if somebody clicks on your ad eight days ago and then buys that ad is not going to get credit and meta will credit the last ad that you actually clicked okay so that is generally how attribution works now it's really interesting to take a look at kind of how these ads are performing and if you're getting a lot of say one day view attributions okay. Why are one day view attributions important? Well a lot of people argue that one day view attributions are you know meta just taking credit for your sales so it's maybe a warm person or somebody was very likely to buy anyways they just go ahead and flash the ad up. Meta knows they're about to buy, they flash the ad up, and then your ad gets credit for that ad when they buy. Right? Was that incremental? Meaning, did them flashing the ad up just within that 24-hour period actually cause them to buy the product or service? Debatable. A lot of people say that no, Meta's just stealing credit for us the sales. So, that's really interesting to keep an eye on. And then also, you know, 7-day click, it's more we would consider that more of a higher intent action. They actually clicked on your ad and then they went on to buy. 1-day click is going to be probably the highest intent. That's like they same day they clicked your ad, they bought. Right? That's going to be the highest intent, most likely to be incremental. Okay, so there's a lot of debates on what you should do here. I think there's arguments for both sides. Personally, I like to use 7-day click, 1-day view. I am okay with accepting those 1-day view conversions because it is still data that my ad account is going to get, which is going to train my ad account. It's also going to train the ad set to find more and more people like them. So, you know, in in an environment where the ad account is really starving for data, I do like to give it as much data as possible. Now, that's not the best for every person. So, if you really want to exclude 1-day view, that is perfectly reasonable to do. I just, you know, in a lot of cases I have repeat customers or an account that really needs the data, so I will leave that 1-day view in. However, I will use this feature that I'm about to show you to keep a close eye on those 1-day view conversions. And if I see a lot of them, then I will take it out. So, that is something to note. Some people do 1-day click attribution, and that's going to be like every day is new. So, the ad set is just optimizing on 24 hours worth of data. It's the shortest window, and that's tough, you know. You can, you know, I feel like you're really putting the the algorithm in a box and not giving it as much data context as as you can when with a 7-day click 1-day view window, for example. Um so, Meta is trying to solve this attribution problem because um you know, obviously, if you just have one channel, you just have YouTube or excuse me, you just have Facebook, um then, you know, it's not that big of an issue. You know all your traffic's coming from one place. But, the second that you start running organic, Google, YouTube, Snapchat, whatever, TikTok, then it this becomes extremely confusing. Or Klaviyo, you know, emails. It gets very confusing as to what actually was incremental, what caused these sales. So, it's important that you keep an eye on this. And so, Meta tried to solve this problem with incremental attribution. So, it's their advanced attribution model that basically predicts whether the ad was incremental to the sale. Did the person buy because of the ad, okay, the the Meta ad? You can use this to see if your ad was incremental to the sale. Did the ad cause the person to buy? So, what I like to do with this compare attribution is I'll do 7-day click, 1-day click, 1-day view. You can even do 1-day engage view. I'm not super concerned about 28-day click. And I'll turn on incremental. And then we take a look to see here, what do we have? So, I'm going to sort by amount spent. That's a habit, by the way. I really recommend that you do sort by amount spent at all times. We always want to be looking at what's spending the most in our ad account, and then go down from there. But, you can see here on this specific campaign, we spent $3,300, 76 conversions, 22 of them were 1-day view conversions. I'm aware of this because we are doing a lot of email flows and stuff like that, so it's very possible that these were not incremental. But, we also have 36 1-day click uh conversions. So, that is something, you know, those are very likely to be uh incremental. 54 7-day click conversions, and then 41 purchases that Meta considers to be incremental. So, this is something that's very useful to just keep an eye on like what's actually going on. Like, how many of these sales that Meta are taking credit for, how many of them actually contributed to uh the sale. Now, this isn't perfect, but it's something to note, okay? And then, you know, we can also start to break down on our audience segments and really start to get a little crazy with, you know, what what's going on in in our ad account. Just like really drill down on the data. So, that's everything outside of the you know, the creation window that I wanted to show you. So, that's basically everything in the Ads Manager section that I wanted to show you. Now, I want to dive into a sales campaign and just walk through all the different settings. Most of this will apply to lead gen, too. So, uh if you're a lead gen person, feel free to stick around. It's very useful for you. Uh so, let's dive into it. I'm going to turn off all this stuff here. And let's create a sales campaign. So, sales campaign boom Immediately, it opens up this window, okay? So, here, generally, uh what I'm doing is I am just naming the campaign the day it starts. So, today's the 16th. I usually start the day after. And then, I just name it something that is clear to me what it is we're testing, what it is we're doing in this campaign. Every campaign should have a purpose, okay? I'm turning off this Advantage Plus catalog. Uh I'm not trying to do a catalog. I don't usually use this catalog feature at the campaign level. You can also turn it on at the ad level, and it's more flexible. It's easier to use in the ad level. That's just something to note here. In terms of the uh buying type, I don't really use reservation. I've never used it personally. I've always just used the auction. Cool. So, now we're going to scroll down and look down to campaign budget versus ad set budget. I have videos that go into this in detail. So, I'm not going to really talk about the nuances between these two, but basically at a very high level, if you have a campaign budget, you're setting the budget at the campaign level and then Meta is going to basically decide how much each one of those ad sets is going to get in terms of the daily budget on a daily basis. So, all the ad sets are competing for spend. Meta is going to algorithmically choose which ad set gets that spend. Ad set budgets, you decide how much each ad set gets. So, let's say if you had a $100 a day at the campaign level and you had say five ad sets, those five ad sets are all fighting for that $100. If you had an ad set budget, then each of those five ad sets, you could set $50 for each and they would each spend the $50 a day. So, that's the difference there. So, here is your campaign bid strategy. Generally, I would say 70% of my strategy is going to be highest volume or value. This is basically Meta automatically bidding for you in the auction. Whereas, if you do cost per result goal, ROAS goal, or bid cap, those are going to be what we call manual bidding. These are great for scaling further. So, if you find something that works, you can try to start using bid caps, cost caps, or even ROAS goal to just squeeze more juice out of what's working. But, in most cases, I'm using highest volume. I just don't I don't necessarily feel the need to be day trading in my ad account every day, but this is something that I have been experimenting with and I do want to I do think it's powerful. I do think it's extremely valid. A lot of people are like all in on the manual bidding stuff. Um, just don't find it to be as predictable and as stable as highest volume. So, AB test, I actually don't use this at all. I do all my tests manually. Um, I just generally don't like to use it. I don't think it's uh that intuitive and I just like to set up my tests in a more manual way using ad set budgets or campaign budgets, different campaign per test or ad set budgets, different ad set per test. Cool. So, these are your audience segments that you set up earlier. Now, let's talk about the ad set level. So, in the ad set level, you have these new multiple settings here. I never really use these multiple ones. I want one person to go to one place to do one thing. Um, when you start letting the algorithm decide if it's going to go to a website or a call, it's just a bit strange. So, I'm always using single website. Uh, if I'm doing lead gen, I'm doing, you know, either instant forms or uh landing page. So, either website or instant forms. Performance goal, we have maximum number of conversions and maximum value of conversions. These are only two ones that, you know, that you should really be using. Maximum number of conversions, that's the algorithm's going to try to get you as many sales as possible. Uh, if you do maximum value, it's not going to try to get you as many sales as possible. It's going to try to get you the most valuable sales possible. So, if you're an e-commerce brand, then bigger AOV orders, basically. Uh, but, you know, generally it's trying to find you what it says here is we'll show your ads to people most likely to generate higher value for your business. So, basically higher AOV. Here's your pixel. You choose your pixel Conversion event, I always choose purchase. Or, if I'm doing lead gen, I'm always doing like the deepest stage in the funnel as I can. Uh, I, you know, if I'm not getting enough volume, I may move up the funnel sometimes, but generally I try not to. Um cost per result goal, if you wanted to do that, you could here. Um it's not letting me now because I don't have it set right here. If I would have chosen this here, it would let me do it here. Uh excuse me, here. Value rules, this is going to be basically a um it's a new feature and it allows you to bid higher for certain uh demographics or age groups and stuff like that. So, you can see I can choose age, gender, device, mobile operating system, location, or placement. And let's say, for example, I wanted to bid more on um like a an older audience, I could do that and then I can increase my bid by, say, 100% and then now this ad set is going to target or bid higher for these uh age ranges. It's a useful thing. I personally like to do this now more than limiting my age range. I don't like to limit the algorithm that much these days. Uh attribution model, you can do standard or incremental. This is a brand new feature. It's out It's been out for, I don't know, 6 months or or so. But basically, if you do incremental, this is going to try to uh it's going to use a newer attribution model that its goal is to predict whether the ad causes the sale or not. So, it's going to try to make the ads cause the sale and not take credit for any of these uh like one-day view conversions and stuff like that. So, generally, nine times out of 10 I'm using standard. Budget and schedule, generally best practice set this up for a day in the future, start it early in the morning uh local time for the ad account, uh but also keep in mind the time zone that you are working in. Audience, so notice we have Advantage Plus on here. You can also notice up here in the top right, since we're using campaign budget, the budget Advantage Plus setting is on. Audience, if you have this on, that means Advantage Plus audience is on. Placements is down here. We'll talk about that in a second. So, audience. Um generally, I am not messing with this anymore. I used to a lot, but nowadays the algorithm is really, really good. It finds people based on your creative and your copy. So, um what I'd like to do in most cases is just leave this completely alone. Just choose the right um countries that I want to include and then literally don't touch it at all. Like I don't do minimum age really. In some cases I might, but generally I don't. Um I don't really mess with this. Like if you have good ads that are very clear and specific, they will find the right people automatically. So, I try not to mess with that. Um now, if you want to do some exclusions, you can add that here. So, for example, if you wanted to exclude purchasers, you could exclude them right here. Um generally, I don't do that. It just really depends on the situation. If it's something that like you're selling something that people can buy multiple times or you know, you want to have past customers comment on your ads, for example, I won't exclude them. And you'll notice that it doesn't really spend all that much uh in most cases towards your existing customers um you know, unless you're doing some explicit retargeting. So, um this is Advantage Plus audience. So, generally, it's just going to use AI to find put the ad in front of the right person. Now, you can give it suggestions. So, in detail targeting, if you wanted to give it suggestions, you could, but again, this is a suggestion. So, it's going to expand past whatever you put in here. Now, I personally don't use interest all that much with um with Advantage Plus on. Now, in some cases I do. Let's say if you know, broad is not working, I might try this and throw only do this if broad is not working, though. Uh, that's really it for the audience section. One last little, uh, bit is the only other time I turn off Advantage Plus audience is if I want to do retargeting. And so, let's say I wanted to do retargeting, um, what we do is, you know, we just set our country. We set it to, uh, just 18 to 65. This still looks like it's on for a second, but then I'm going to add my retargeting audiences. So, let's just say I wanted to add my, like, engagers, for example. You have to uncheck this. And then you'll see it turns off again. Advantage Plus is off. And then you have to make sure that says narrow. Uh if you have this use as a suggestion, it's going to expand past these warm audiences into cold traffic. So, it's not really retargeting if you have this on this this check box. If this is on, see it says broad, it's going to expand past it. It's going to start here, but then go past. But if you uncheck it, it's truly going to just only show your ads to my Facebook engagers, and whatever custom audiences you put in So, that's really important to note. Generally, I'm not messing with genders that much unless it's like a it's like super clear only women buy it or only men buy it. Even still, I I don't because it will usually spend towards the right gender anyways. Uh languages, I'm generally not doing it if it's English, but if I'm doing other languages, I do put the specific language that I'm working in. Ad transparency, you don't really have to worry about uh unless you're advertising in certain countries like uh Taiwan, I think, and some other countries you actually do have to put who the ads are coming from. So, you click there and choose your um your business, or you might have to fill out some information and then put it there. Now, placements, the only thing that I really I normally do Advantage Plus placements, and I just leave it alone. But you can do the breakdown like I showed you earlier, and see if there's a specific placement that's like giving you the best results, and then you can only do say Facebook and Instagram, you can exclude certain placements. Audience Network is garbage. Um generally, that's where all the bots live on Meta, so I try to exclude that uh whenever I can. So, now, like I said, most of the time I'm doing I just leave it on. Uh however, if I notice that I'm getting bot traffic, I will exclude this one. Um I'm not really doing a lot of manual placements these days. Like I just find that meta gives you a better CPM if you don't limit the algorithm. I just like to leave it all on and I get the lowest CPM. CPM is your market rate if if you don't know. That's your market rate for advertising, your cost for a thousand impressions or to get on a thousand phones. So, um you can see here it's starting to warn me. Now, that brings another good point. These recommendations, 99% of them don't really give you better results. Like it says, "Oh, you can get better results, 9.5% better results if you turn this on." It's not always the case, okay? So, just follow your gut, follow what works, follow the data, and just ignore like literally all the recommendations in the ads manager, ignore the meta reps. Um they don't know what they're talking about. Just be very careful and just follow your gut and the data, and you're going to have a lot better time. Um so, yeah, generally I'm not messing with any of this stuff, okay? I just I will do uh automatic placements and I will just kind of leave it at that. Just like that. All right. And then once I'm done here, I will just name the ad set exactly all the settings that I chose, so I know it's at a glance it's very clear what it is. So, you know, in this case, you can see let's just say hypothetically I was optimizing for max value. Um it looks like I'm doing retargeting Super hypothetical example, I probably wouldn't do it like this, but just for um just for the sake of this example, you can see I'm I'm optimizing for maximum value um and I'm doing retargeting here. And then maybe I'll say Advantage Plus Placements. This means middle of funnel retargeting. I'm basically just retargeting all my Facebook and Instagram engagers. All right, let's get to the ad level. This is This is the fun part. This is where the AI enhancements come in. Um uh Cool. So, here you just choose your page. Nice and easy. So, create ad. This is nine times out of 10 when I'm using, but you can also use existing posts, which is really nice. Um notice I just unchecked multi-advertiser heads. That's just out of a habit. Uh essentially what this is is if you've ever been scrolling on Instagram Reels, for example, you'll see like a block of four ads. That's going to be what that is. It's It's going to cram and crop your ad into the space with other ads that are of a similar business. You know, Meta argues that you'll get in front of more high-intent people that are looking at ads. I just don't like my ads getting cropped and put in the same space as another ad. I don't like roommates. You know, I prefer to just have this off. So, that's generally what I do. I uncheck that. So, let's say we're using an existing post. You can come down here, select post, and then you can choose from your Facebook posts, your Instagram posts. This is what a lot of people refer to as like boosting posts, but this is like the more legit way of doing it, okay? Um you're actually running a sales campaign, but just using existing content from your Facebook or Instagram. Um now, another thing to know, which is, you know, I didn't mention, but it's very important is partnership ads. So, you can hire creators to like post content for your business, and then, you know, basically run their content from their Instagram or Facebook as ads. And the beauty of that is it will actually tap into the organic reach of that partner. So, it is a super powerful uh thing. Uh you can click select partnership And you can invite people. So, if you click add partnership up here, you can actually search like literally anybody on Instagram. And then send them a request. It comes to them in their Instagram notifications. Once they accept, you can actually run ads as them or in partnership with them. What they need to do is they post a piece of content. You just grab the URL from that piece of content, either the Facebook post or the Instagram post, and then you can run it as an ad, and it will show, let's just for example, you can see it will look something like this. Uh hold on. It will look something like this where it's like your business and another business are working together. And it it has this like social proof aspect to of it being two businesses working together on an ad. So, that's something very important to know. Once you have a partnership in place, like they've accepted it, you click add code here, and then you just drop the URL in here of the post, and then it will populate, and you can run it as an existing post. So, that's basically all you need to know about using an existing post. Uh aside from that, you just, you know, you pick the post. You got to pick a call to action button. So, let's just say uh shop now. And then you put your URL in here. Um couple other things. So, when you use an existing post, you cannot edit the primary text in the ads manager. So, um actually, you need to edit the post before you, you know, you run it as an ad. So, make sure that that is all in order before you do that. Um what else? Couple other things. Browser or add-ons. I don't really use this. I've messed with WhatsApp a little bit, but again, I want people to just take one action on my ad, so I don't like to distract them with other options. So, I generally have this off. I don't use this. Um the promo stuff, I again, I don't really use it that much. I don't like to use it. I think it's a bit distracting. And it's like a pop-up on the ad is not great. Advantage plus creative enhancements, I'll just save you the time and tell you turn all this stuff off generally. These bottom two, maybe I'll keep them on, but a lot of the times I'm turning all of these off. I find them to you lose control of the way your ad looks and feels and it just generally does not help the performance from my experience. Creative testing, this is a brand new feature. I don't use it. Down here, I'll put my UTM parameters, uh which is how you can it adds basically a slug to the end of your URL. So, if somebody clicks, you know, you can choose the, you know, campaign, ad set, and ad ID here. These are dynamic and they'll be updated by these uh the names of your campaign, ad set, and ad in the slug, so you know like where things are coming from. So, it's very useful, good to know, good to use. That's everything for setting up a existing post. So, now let's go to Uh excuse me. Let's go to creating an ad. And we'll wrap this video up here shortly. So, here manual upload is what you want to choose. If you're running uh catalog ads or people often refer to them as DPAs or dynamic product catalogs, you can choose this and then just choose your catalog set and then you can use those like carousels with your products inside. It's really useful for e-commerce. Um in this case, I don't have it. In this specific ad account, I don't have a catalog. So, I'm just going to move to a different ad account here so you can see what it looks like for a dynamic product catalog cuz that ad account didn't have a catalog, but if you uh you choose catalog. So, in this case, I do have it turned on on the campaign level. You can see I chose the catalog here. And then once I'm down here in the ad level, you can see I have chosen the website URL. And then here I have my best seller uh product catalog. And you can see over on the right, it's going to scroll through all the different products. Very useful feature. You can edit just one primary text here, call to action button, and you can see I have all my enhancements off. So, dynamic product catalogs are very powerful. I highly recommend them Yeah, let's continue on to a manual campaign and we'll look at uh dynamic product catalogs later. So, you have to set your your URL here. Uh this personalized destination, click edit, turn all this crap off. It's not useful. Um optimize website destination, this will send your traffic to random pages on your website. Don't recommend that. Shop. Um this is if you want to send people to basically like an Instagram or Facebook shop, you know, instead of your website. They deprecated checkouts or they took away the ability for people to checkout uh recently on that, so I don't think that's worth it. Browser add-ons, I don't like that one either. This is just going to um add some additional ways to contact you like WhatsApp or like calls and stuff. So, I don't recommend that either. Here's your you're going to, you know, set up your creative. So, this page is like the bane of my existence. You got to turn this off. Uh I don't like to use the promo codes that often. You know, sometimes I do for um certain e-commerce, like if you're doing like a 10% email or or but I don't know. I just rather people I don't want Meta like doing a pop-up before people get to the website. Like it will load your website, but then have a pop-up in front of it, and it's kind of I'd rather just use my native pop-up. Um branding, this is for the AI features to create creatives for you based on like your branding. So, I don't use this. Site links, this is uh a terrible feature in my opinion, and it will add little links below your ad, and it will go to, you know, different parts of your website. So, maybe it'll send people to the privacy policy or to you know, other places that you don't want to send people. So, I generally like to turn this off. So, if you want to turn everything off, you just got to come up to edit sources, take off the source URL, and then hit next. Then you can choose your creative. Make sure that you are paying attention to, you know, choosing a original 1 by 1, vertical, or horizontal. Um this is going to be Square is going to be for your, you know, your feed placements on like the phone or Instagram. Vertical is going to be for like Reels and stuff like that. And then horizontal is like the right panel on a desktop, you know, your search results and stuff like that. So, I like to make my creatives be 9 by 16 with all the content inside of 1 by 1 square. You need to pay attention to the safe zones to make sure that your ad's not getting covered up by anything. Um so, generally I leave it like this. Next, primary text, that's going to be the long text on your ad. Headline, that's going to be a short punchy uh text. And then description, I usually do like urgency, scarcity, those types of things. Shop now is going to be uh your call to action button. I don't use any of these image generation. This video generation is literally brand new. It's still in beta, as you can see. I don't use it. Enhancements, I literally turn everything off. I don't recommend using most of them. I would say hover over the little I and read them for yourselves and see what makes sense for you and your situation. Okay? you can see up here text is going to be at the top of the ad. The The primary text is generally the at the top of the ad on a Facebook feed and the bottom main text on an Instagram post. Headline is going to be you know, below an ad on Facebook and it is kind of like the bolded text. On Instagram, it doesn't even show up. Uh and des- description is going to be this bottom text underneath the bolded text on a Facebook post on a Facebook ad. On Instagram, it doesn't even show up. So, the main thing that I optimize for is like the first sentence of the primary text uh and the headline. Those are the main things that I care about. I try to make the first sentence of the primary text like a very punchy, attention-grabbing thing and then I draw people in to the longer copy. I like to put my long copy in the primary text, short punchy copy in headline, and then uh like just tags, you know, like limited time offer or limited availability, those types of things. Enable text per person, I do try to turn this off. So, you click try it out. Relevant comments, you have to turn off basically all of these in order to get uh enable text per person. What this does is it'll flip-flop your text, your primary text, your headline, your description uh dynamically, which is not smart if you are using, you know, if you're writing your copy properly. If you're doing nice long-form copy in the primary text, short punchy headline and headline and then a tags in the description, you start flipping all that stuff around, you lose control of your ad. So, I like to turn that off. You have to turn off all the enhancements in order to do that. Call to action button, I never use this AB feature. Um and then the parameters. that is basically everything I wanted to cover. This video is a ended up being longer than I expected. Um but I hope that was valuable for you. There's obviously a lot going on inside the ads manager and it's always changing. So, if you're looking for a place to stay on top of all this stuff, I recommend that you join my group. Thanks so much and I'll see you in the next one. All right, you guys, that's it for today's video. If you got value from that, please drop a like. It really helps the algorithm. It helps me out. Uh send the video to somebody that you think would benefit from it and I'll see you in the next one. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rejus8: Thanks Michael, great refresher.

- Creating Interactive Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en want to engage your audience like never before let's explore how to create interactive Facebook ads for your gym hey I'm Dan from DK digital and interactive ads can Captivate your audience and drive higher engagement today I share tips in creating interactive Facebook ads that attract and engage more members of your gym first use interactive formats explore options like PS cares and instant experiences to make your ads more engaging second encourage user participation sign your ads to invite your audience to interact whether it's through voting swiping or clicking lastly highlight the benefits and rewards show user the value of interacting with your ad such as special offers or exclusive content I you to boost engagement with contact EK digital today and have to create captivating ads together

- Playable Ads Explained: How to Create Interactive Ads in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en You are scrolling your feed. An ad pops up.&nbsp; But instead of skipping it, you start playing.&nbsp; Right inside the ad, no download,&nbsp; no web store, just a game.&nbsp; This is called a playable ad. It gets&nbsp; three to five times more engagement&nbsp;&nbsp; than regular mobile ads. And what about the users&nbsp;&nbsp; it brings in? They stay longer. Oh, and it's not just for games.&nbsp; McDonald's uses this. Netflix uses this.&nbsp; Starbucks, Amazon, Burger King, all of them. So, what's behind this format?&nbsp; Hi, I'm Elizabeth, marketing&nbsp; manager at Retro Style Games.&nbsp; Today, I'll tell you how playable ads work, why&nbsp; they are everywhere now, and how we create them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and our real cases. Let's go.&nbsp; So, what is it exactly? A playable as a mini game inside an ad slot.&nbsp; You see it, you tap, you play. No downloads, no signups, just gameplay.&nbsp; This format started back in 2013 when a&nbsp; startup called Voxel asked a simple question.&nbsp; "What if the ad itself was the game? No&nbsp; video, no banner, just tap and play."&nbsp; The big platforms picked it up. Google, Facebook,&nbsp; Snapchat, all added playable ads by 2017,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it took off from there. The idea was simple.&nbsp; "Don't tell people about&nbsp; your game. Let them try it."&nbsp; If they like it, they download. If&nbsp; they don't, you save your budget.&nbsp; Today, most of the playable creatives&nbsp; start with a video intro that flows&nbsp;&nbsp; into their interactive part. It's not just a mini game anymore.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a full micro experience. | That growth attracted big money.&nbsp; So, who runs this market? Three big names. Applian handles 59% of all playable ad&nbsp;&nbsp; traffic. Admob takes 38%, Unity at about 2%. Most of that spending comes from North America,&nbsp;&nbsp; 61%. Europe sits at 18%, Asia&nbsp; at 16%, but is growing fast.&nbsp; Now, here's what's interesting. It's&nbsp; not just gaming companies anymore.&nbsp; McDonald's, Burger King, Red Bull,&nbsp; Starbucks, they all use playable ads.&nbsp; Even luxury brands. Prada ran a playable inside Candy&nbsp;&nbsp; Crush to promote a fragrance. Maybelline did the same.&nbsp;&nbsp; 12 million mini games played. Site traffic up 550%. This format works way&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond games. Not all playables are the same. Some formats get used way more than others.&nbsp;&nbsp; Puzzle and match accounts for around&nbsp; a quarter of all playable sets.&nbsp; They are popular because you need&nbsp; only one image to make a working ad.&nbsp; But basic Match-3 is dead. You need a meta hook, a character in&nbsp;&nbsp; danger, an upgrade loop, a reason to keep tapping. Your brain gets a little dopamine hit every time.&nbsp; That's why it performs. Casual is simple, satisfying,&nbsp;&nbsp; and easy to pick up. Good sound, clear loop. Just don't oversimplify.&nbsp; One-tap mechanics are losing&nbsp; their age. Action, fast, punchy,&nbsp;&nbsp; lots of feedback -- the kind of ad where you are&nbsp; already fighting before you realize it's an ad.&nbsp; Strategy, deeper mechanics, high-quality users. Some of these games run thousands of ad creatives&nbsp;&nbsp; daily with multiple playable versions. And here's what's changing.&nbsp; A year ago, a simple scratch card or a&nbsp; one-tap puzzle could get your results.&nbsp; Not anymore. Players have seen it all.&nbsp; Now the playables that win are the&nbsp; ones that feel like actual games:&nbsp; upgrade loops, story choices,&nbsp; characters you care about.&nbsp; The bar is going up fast. If you are still running&nbsp;&nbsp; video-only campaigns, your competitors are&nbsp; already testing playables with real mechanics.&nbsp; Ad networks reward engagement. Better&nbsp; creatives get better placements at lower costs.&nbsp; That gap is growing every month. Want to&nbsp; see what playables actually look like?&nbsp; We made a free pack of three scratch card demos. Halloween, Fantasy, Cash Heist.&nbsp; Grab them from the link in the description. Or if you already know you need something&nbsp;&nbsp; special, reach out. We'll help you.&nbsp; All right, this is the part that makes&nbsp; or breaks your playable ads. Every good&nbsp;&nbsp; one has four elements. Element one is the hook.&nbsp; This is the first thing which player sees.&nbsp; Most users decide instantly, tap or swipe away.&nbsp; Attention drops after just a few seconds. If your playable doesn't grab them right there,&nbsp;&nbsp; they're gone. What works?&nbsp; A short animation, a gameplay clip&nbsp; that also teaches them a mechanic.&nbsp; Or a trigger: a character in a&nbsp; danger right on the main screen.&nbsp; One goal: make the user tap. Element two, the tutorial.&nbsp; Once someone stays, they need to&nbsp; know what to do fast. Golden rule.&nbsp; A hand icon on screen until the user&nbsp; taps. Minimal text. Show. Don't tell.&nbsp; If playable launched with no tutorial&nbsp; and users had no idea if this was a&nbsp;&nbsp; video or a game -- that playable bombed. And if no one taps for a while, add the hand icon.&nbsp; 85% of top playables use a tutorial prompt. It's not optional.&nbsp; Element three, the game play loop. This is where the play actually&nbsp;&nbsp; plays. Most last 15 to 30 seconds. Deeper games like strategy or RPG can go up to 90.&nbsp; The goal is simple: make the user feel progress. A bar is filling up. A reward popping up, an&nbsp;&nbsp; upgrade that changes the game. Every few seconds, something should&nbsp;&nbsp; happen that makes them want to keep going. But here's the trap. One playable had coins,&nbsp;&nbsp; upgrades, and a whole economy&nbsp; inside a 30-second ad. Sounds cool.&nbsp; Except the icons made no sense.&nbsp; Nobody knew what to spend coins on.&nbsp; Players just kept tapping.&nbsp; Nothing changed, and they left.&nbsp; The mechanic was there. The clarity wasn't. Element four, the end card.&nbsp; The last seconds are the most&nbsp; important ones in the whole ad.&nbsp; This is where a player&nbsp; decides to download or leave.&nbsp; The trick is timing. You want to hit them with a&nbsp;&nbsp; store redirect right when they're hooked,&nbsp; not bored, not stuck, right at the peak.&nbsp; 42% of top playables have a win or loss, but 40%&nbsp; do something different; they cut off mid-game.&nbsp; You are playing, you are into it, and boom -- "Download to keep going."&nbsp; A cliffhanger. And it works. Quick note on duration&nbsp; Shorter playable gets higher CTR, but&nbsp; longer ones bring users who spend more&nbsp; There's no single correct&nbsp; answer: it depends on the game.&nbsp; We tested this ourselves with the&nbsp; Last Pirate and made 4 playables.&nbsp; Two short, two with deeper mechanics. The short ones got more clicks. The&nbsp;&nbsp; longer ones brought in better users, higher&nbsp; retention, and double the revenue per install.&nbsp; So, we run both. CPI dropped by 18% compared to video-only.&nbsp; Sometimes the best answer is to test everything. So, how do we create playable ads?&nbsp; It always starts with a game. We look at the core mechanics,&nbsp;&nbsp; the feel, the vibe, and we ask, "What emotion&nbsp; should the player experience in 30 seconds?"&nbsp; That one moment where they&nbsp; think, "I want more of this."&nbsp; That's what we are designing around. From there, we storyboard every bit, the hook,&nbsp;&nbsp; the tutorial, the loop, and the end card. We study what is already working on the&nbsp;&nbsp; market. Understand why it works. Then build something better for the&nbsp;&nbsp; client's game. Then be creative. Everything is HTML5. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; what Ad networks require. We use Cocos Creator for HTML5,&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on what the game needs. The file has to be light, fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; and run on any device. And then we test different&nbsp;&nbsp; versions, different hooks, different mechanics. Change one thing, test again. You might know that&nbsp;&nbsp; simple swipe-to-win playables are fading. Deeper mechanics, strategy simulators,&nbsp;&nbsp; story-driven experiences. They bring better users with higher LTV.&nbsp; All right, let me show you what we actually made. We did playables for Episodes.&nbsp; It's a story game. You see a scene,&nbsp; you pick what happens next. That's it.&nbsp; Simple mechanic, but it works&nbsp; because you're already engaged.&nbsp; You made a choice. You want to see where it goes,&nbsp; and right when it gets good, the playable ends.&nbsp; "Download to keep going." We made six of these. Everyone hooks the same way.&nbsp; Then there is Last Pirate. Totally different vibe. Survival,&nbsp;&nbsp; action, pirates, monsters. We made four playables,&nbsp;&nbsp; and each one plays differently. Two are dead simple. A skeleton shows up. You&nbsp;&nbsp; tap to attack. Hell's bar goes down. Done.&nbsp; One throws you into a boss&nbsp; fight with a giant kraken.&nbsp; Same idea, bigger stakes. And then there's a full&nbsp;&nbsp; treasure hunt. You move around the island&nbsp; with a joystick, fight zombies, explore.&nbsp; Way more going on. The point is same game.&nbsp; Four different hooks. The simple ones&nbsp; grab attention fast. The deeper ones&nbsp;&nbsp; pull in players who want more. Oh, and we mix formats too.&nbsp; Some playables are fully&nbsp; interactive from the start.&nbsp; Others kick off with a&nbsp; video and then let you play.&nbsp; Depends on what makes sense for the game. If you are still here,&nbsp;&nbsp; you already know playable ads work. The only question is who is going to create yours?&nbsp; A lot of teams we talk to say the same thing.&nbsp; Video ads are getting more expensive -- the&nbsp;&nbsp; playables the vendors send are too basic. Three clicks and a store redirect,&nbsp;&nbsp; and their own team made all the stuff. If that sounds familiar, reach out.&nbsp; We'll help you figure it out. At Retro Style Games,&nbsp;&nbsp; we make playable ads end-to-end. From the first idea and storyboard to a&nbsp;&nbsp; finished HTML5 file ready for your campaign. You have just seen our work&nbsp;&nbsp; episodes and The Last Pirate. We know how this works from the inside.&nbsp; Tell us about your game. We'll figure out the best format,&nbsp;&nbsp; the right mechanics to test, and how&nbsp; to get the most out of this ad format.&nbsp; Subscribe if this was useful. Drop a like, and I'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mimimimimmimimimimimi: Nice video

- Run WIREWAX Interactive Videos on Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en call your viewers to action launching them into your immersive interactive brand experience hotspots unlock more clickable action turning viewer into brand advocate and leading them seamlessly to your website for follow through conversions wire wax to do this is video evolved

  Top Comments:
  1. @shannonslack4448: Ok
  2. @ssss-or2kl: First!

- How To Run Interactive Facebook Ads in 2026 🚀 | Step-by-Step Beginner Tutorial (Meta Ads Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hello viewers, welcome back to my channel. Today I'll be showing you how to run an ad on your Facebook account for promoting your stuffs and all. So if you have not subscribed, please take this moment to hit the subscribe button. Let's dive into it. So um let me open up my Facebook app. So if you interested in running a Facebook ads, you need to have a Facebook page because normal Facebook accounts cannot run ads. Only pages can do. So in case you have not created a page, you should go over to the menu button, go to pages, and you try to create a new page. So that's it. you want to create a new page, type in the page name and so on. But if you got a page, all these steps, you can forgot all of these steps. So now, um, I have a page here. So let's try using one of my pages to do that. So all right. So first of all you go to your page and if you have posted maybe a video and or maybe a picture or whatever you want to run to promote your stuff. So to create the ads first of all what you have to do is come to the post where the post you're supposed to use to run the ads and you hit on this create ad button beside it. Now not every post are eligible for ads. some they don't have this create arts on it. So if if you if you can't find that it means the video is not eligible for ads. It's all right. So if you let's move on to create the ads. Now they're asking if you accept. So you should scroll down and accept meta terms and condition. So now this is the post that you're supposed to run. And now they're going to ask you your goal. Now based on you this part is based on what you want. As you can see they're asking you what is the goal of your art? What is the main goal for your ad running this ad? Do you want? Now this first option is automatic. This automatic option means as the ad is running YouTube is going to discover what the fans are reacting to most and concentrate on that. That means if there are more followers then YouTube um Facebook will concentrate on making people to follow your channel more or maybe you're getting website visits or maybe you're getting leads or maybe you're getting more calls or getting messages depending on what you're doing. So let's just say you are a business and you are interested in making people to buy from you. So the option you're supposed to use is get more messages because you want people to message you. So if maybe you are maybe a let's say entertainer, you want people to visit your page more musicians and that so you should get more page visits. Now if you want people to contact you like calls and that you can click on get more calls if you want to be like that maybe a hotline something like that. So they all or maybe you want people to visit your website like if you don't want them to message you directly to buy maybe you want them to check out your website you can just click get more get more website visitors and so on so so those are the options but majority of the time um I usually use get more messages because those ones help me to promote my business because I want people to be messaging me. So when you choose now the goal of the ads, you go downwards. Now they are going to ask you if you want to connect your WhatsApp or your Instagram account because um Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, they are all owned by Meta. So you can interlink all of them. So but if you're not interested in doing that, you can let that go. Now this option me this messenger also shows that you can run the Facebook ad also on the messenger app. If you don't want that you can just click turn off here and they're going to turn that off. So that's it. All right. Now next next stop is this welcome message. This welcome message here is a message that going to send when people tap on your ad. All right, when they tap on your ad, maybe what the Facebook is going to send is an automatic message. What Facebook is going to send to anybody that is interested in your ad and click on the ad. So that's what they're going to do. So first of all what you're going to do is if you're interested in doing that you have to write your information here. All right. So this question number one see can I learn more about your business? You have can you help me more about your art? Is anyone available for chat? So these are so many questions that the it can pop up on the art. So depending on you, you can just read through them and maybe come out with what you want. So um that one is done. Let's go to the next part. Now this next part is about choosing the audience. All right. So you click on this add if you're about to choose an audience. Now that is where you want the ad to run your market, your targeted market. So where is your targeted market? So if you want to run an ad in the United States, you can choose the entire country, United States. Or if you want to choose just maybe um a state or a region only, you can do that. So how do you do that? So you come this part you have to write your some um just write your name of your channel here. Let's just say G media. So, um let me show you how to choose the location. This this location right here. Click on that. Come to search. So, if you want to do that, maybe run in the entire United States. Come. All right. United States. And that's it. So, you see the first option is a country. You can choose that. and you hit the save button. So that's it. So that's it. But if you're interested in running it in a particular state, so you should not choose United State. What you go is you write state name. Maybe let's say New York City. You choose New York and you click on that and you take save. Now that means they're going to run it only in New York City. Now this H here is the H limit of the people that available to see your ad. So those ones are based on your targeted people. So let's just say if you are selling a product, you need to know the each type of people that supposed to buy the each of the people. Let's just say um maybe PS4 or this gaming stuff you know those things are from like 18 years to about 40 because um I think above that age majority of our parents and that they're not interested in buying those things they might be interested in buying it for their children. So all those things are just what you have to calculate in doing that. So you can choose your age limit. Yeah. So, all you have to do is scroll front and back. That's it. Now, the next thing to do is this interest. Now, interest here is about what you think those um how you want Facebook to find the exact people that they supposed to show the ads to. Like, let's see. I'm saying PS4 um game console. Now if I just write PS you they you need to know the other things that PS4 people are interested in. So majority of PS4 people they are interested in let me say music I think music entertainment stuff. So you can choose music something like that. Um maybe I think um you can just write gaming and check if there's gaming here. See that's it. Video games can choose that. You can see um what again um consola gamer and so on. So that's what you have to choose. So do that what I'm talking about the interest. And the last thing is the gender. If you want you are selling products for women you can choose women. If you are selling for male you can choose me. But if you are not selling for a particular gender, you can just choose or and that's it. You save your option. Now next thing to do is input how much you are ready to spend. So let's say your budget is $40. So I have to just keep here and put 40,000 $40. And now the next is to choose the duration. So this $40. How many days do you want to run the $40? Now you can see five days. If you're interested in changing that, you can hit the minus button there. 4 3 2 1. Maybe you have to do it in a day or two. But I advise that you should do it in maybe like 5 days. So that's that looks good and so on. So that's it. So the next thing now you have to add your payment method. Now this part is where you have to click on your payment and you hit on that they they're going to add you to ask you to add a card detail. So debit card that's it. So you go here and you fill in your debit card information and you save it. After saving the the debit card information, you can go on to create the ads. So after adding the card information, you you are going to see the creating option that appear underneath it. So that's it. After that, after doing all that, you just come hit promote the artist is now that partner Facebook has to review the ad, check if it's complies with the community guidelines. If it complies with the community guidelines, art is going to run. If it does not, then they're going to revoke it. So thanks for watching this video and please subscribe.

- Facebook Canvas Ads: Interactive Advertising Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en want to create immersive and interactive ads how Facebook canvas ads can engage your audience like never before hi I'm Dan from DK digital and Facebook canvas ads offers unique way to create interactive and immersive advertising experiences today I'll show you how to leverage canvas ads to Captivate your audience and drive engagement first use a mix of media combine images videos and carels to create a dyamic and engaging ad experience second tell a story use the canvas format to guide your audience to narrative that highlights your brand and products lastly optimize for mobile ensure your canvas eyes are mobile friendly for seamless viewing in smartphones and tablets ready to create interactive ads with Facebook canvas contact DK digital today and let's build ads that Captivate and convert

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @abelluizramos2001: man the trends are changing fast
  3. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is super relevant for my plans
  4. @musaknowledgendlovu5391: didn't think about it like that before
  5. @aurhanabbasi: when you said brands need to show up inside the ai tools themselves… ok but what’s the first thing to fix on a site? schema? internal linking? i ran myGEOscore once and got overwhelmed.
  6. @AnujGamer-v6s: love how you break it down so easy
  7. @Flim_izletv: these trends are wild, gotta keep up with them
  8. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: ai slop problem is so real. half the posts i see read like warmed-over prompts. curious if Wisewand actually keeps stuff from sounding like that, or if it’s just better polishing.
  9. @SunnyVarma-y19s: didn't realize how fast things are changing
  10. @kilipul09: gotta start thinking ahead, thanks for the insights
  11. @rashmishah1736: this is super helpful for planning my 2026 stuff
  12. @fukrey_boys-pk: wow this is eye opening for 2026
  13. @NewNigeriaTV-g2z: def gonna shift my strategy after this
  14. @rajrawat1125: Search Everywhere Optimization is the part that hit. I’ve been stuck thinking “rank on Google” forever, but my buyers are literally searching inside eBay. Baypoint AI kinda fits that shift.
  15. @MosesTalkmoreMandizvidza: never thought of marketing like this tbh
  16. @26.umikhabibah64: the ai part blew my mind lol
  17. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  18. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  19. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different
  20. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: the “search everywhere optimization” bit finally put words to what’s been happening. google-only reporting feels like it’s missing half the picture, even for SeoLab Agency folks.

- The Future of Facebook Ads (Do This Before 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Meta has shut down certain detailed targeting audiences. They've completely ripped apart attribution. The entire platform has changed drastically in the last year. And as a result, some advertisers are seeing CPMs spike. They're seeing return on ad spends drop, cost per acquisition go in the wrong direction, and overall, Facebook has never been more challenging than it is today. And the craziest part is that this is just the beginning. There are countless changes that you're likely not even aware of. And the advertisers that figure out how to navigate these changes best are going to completely dominate the market while others are going to be priced out. Now, I've been tracking some major shifts happening right now that are completely reshaping Facebook advertising as we know it. If you want to profitably run Facebook ads in 2026, then what I'm about to share could potentially save you tens, if not hundreds, of thousands of dollars [music] in wasted ad spend. If you're wondering why you should listen to me, I've been running Facebook ads for the greater part of 11 years. I've worked at VaynerMedia, BarkBox, and now I run The Moon Liters where we work with nearly 100 brands right now across all different verticals, spending anywhere from $10,000 a month all the way up to multiple hundreds of thousands of dollars per month. So, to help you prepare for the future, I put together a list of my three most pillar tent [music] poles that you need to nail in 2026 to scale profitably. I'll break down what these changes actually mean, the exact systems that you can follow and copy into your business so that you can implement them for 2026. And it doesn't matter if you're spending $10 a day, $100 a day, $1,000 a day, or $20,000 a day. These are core principles, the same things that we use at The Moon Liters for our clients, no matter the size of the brand. The first major shift is one that is real. This is not observation. This is a shift that has happened. The old algorithm is now the new Andromeda algorithm. What we need to understand here is what is this shift? Why is it so important? And how are we adapting to it with structure first. So, first off, the Andromeda algorithm has been a shift from audience to creative targeting. Now, what this very simply means is in the old algorithm, you would choose your audience, whether it's broad, interest, lookalikes, whatever, and the creatives you push into that ad set get targeted from that interest group. This has now flipped. Instead of an interest or a broad target deciding who the ads are going to be shown to, that has completely reversed. We now have a situation where whatever ads are within your ad set define the targeting on an individual level. This means that, yes, you could have completely different ads in the same ad set that target two very different people. It also means that you could have multiple ad sets in the same campaign targeting completely different people, even if the targeting, the interest group, or the broad is 100% the same. Now, I don't want to get too conceptual on this, but what this means is that your creative concepts matter more than ever. And the structure that we actually like to deploy to solve for Andromeda that we've proven out across 80-plus accounts at this point is one of with swim lanes. Now, swim lanes are a very simple philosophy that we need to separate prospecting, retargeting, and retention. So, the important part about swim lanes is that you as the advertiser actually know where you're spending your money. One of the biggest flaws that we see with Facebook is that it overspends on engage and existing customers. It's fine to spend a lot of money on engage. It's fine to spend a lot of money on existing customers. But what I don't like is when advertisers or brands that we work with think that they're spending money on prospects. They think they're spending money on new customers when in reality, they're actually spending a boatload of that cash on existing and engage, which they believe they're targeting in other places like email, SMS, and other retargeting methods. What we like to do is make sure that our swim lanes are clearly defined. Our first swim lane is prospecting. This is generally a CBO prospecting campaign mixed with a boatload of ad sets. Those could be a combination of broad and interest groups, even lookalikes if you'd like to give them a shot. The important part is that we're grouping a lot together in one campaign, and we are creating a hyper-competitive environment. I want to actually say that twice. A hyper-competitive environment is one of the most important things that you could have in a Facebook ads account because you're actually giving the algorithm some power to decide where to spend your money. Now, this is very, very different than a one campaign method or just throwing everything into one ad set because you could actually define minimum, maximum budgets and even put exclusions on things at the ad set level within your prospecting campaigns. That's the control, that's the levers that we like to have on our side without just giving all the power to Facebook. The second and third swim lanes are retargeting and retention. Retargeting is anyone who's visited your site and anyone who's engaged with your business. They know about you, very simple. Retention, on the other hand, is anyone who's purchased. This isn't someone who's added to cart. This isn't someone who almost purchased. They've handed you money. That is a very big difference between retargeting and retention. We want to make sure we're treating each of these buckets separately, we're dedicating our budget accordingly, and even in some cases curating the creative to each of these buckets. But most of the time, it's okay to have the same creatives in each with a big testing environment in our prospecting CBO. And you might ask, why? Why does this fix Andromeda? Why does this fix the issue that everyone seems to have in the back of their mind? It's actually quite simple. It starts in the prospecting CBO campaign. The prospecting CBO campaign now has the capability to spend its cash wherever it wants, meaning your audiences can individually be targeted per creative. So, think about it like this. If you separated all of your ad sets or all of your creative concepts into different campaigns, then you're controlling the budget. $200 here, $200 here, $200 here. But grouping these together, what it actually does is it allows you to still see very clearly with organized ad sets, set minimums and maximum budgets if you need, and with your total budget, so 200, 200, 200 equaling 600 on a total CBO budget, Facebook will distribute wherever the cash is best spent. And I know one issue that a lot of people have is that certain creatives don't get any spend. I'm here to tell you this is a feature, not a bug, most of the time. Not all the time. Most of the time, Facebook is saving you cash by doing this. So, what I would advise, if you really feel like there's an ad that you've put a lot of time or effort into, set a minimum budget, make sure it gets $25, $50 a day, let it ramp up a little bit. If it doesn't work after 7 days, kill that minimum budget. Okay, so our structures are complete. The second shift that I have seen and that basically everyone has seen because it actually happened. This is not theoretical. The second shift that has happened in Facebook ads in the last year is massive changes to attribution and measurement. We all remember when the conversions API came out. We all remember iOS 14.5, the doom days of Facebook. But things have changed a lot. We've seen interest targeting be removed. We've seen adjustments to how and who we can target, who we can exclude, who we can add. We saw an era of Advantage Plus sales campaigns. But now, targeting and really all the features are kind of coming back to us, which is a good thing. it comes to measurement, this is one of the places where we need to be accurate. And that accuracy has improved drastically with the introduction of incremental attribution. Now, I want to challenge all of these third-party attribution softwares because they do have their place, but I think people get too excited about them when we actually have the best tool natively built into Facebook. Think about it like this. Hyros, Triple Whale, and all third-party attribution platforms have only access to certain amounts of data. Imagine Facebook only had click-based data. The only signal that we were able to optimize on and the only algorithm input was click-based purchases. If that was the case and there was a third-party platform that came out that had the ability to see view purchases, click purchases, incremental purchases, and every engagement, every search, every like, favorite, comment, share that you've ever done over all time on your social platforms, I think everyone would pay boatloads of money for that third-party platform. And that is exactly what Meta is capable of doing with its standard attribution. It sounds so boring because it's built in, and there's fancy tools with great marketing slogans that actually sell us into programs that don't do as much as the actual Facebook tracking. And I don't want to discredit these tools because there are some use cases where they're great. But when it comes to measurement, the best measurement is Meta's measurement. They care so much about it. I was at a Facebook conference just a few months ago where they were breaking down their improvements to the measurement. They were breaking down every little, tiny detail you'd imagine. It felt like patch notes in a video game. And I think this single thing, attribution and measurement, is the key difference between why Facebook and Instagram are so much better at advertising than other platforms like TikTok and Snapchat. So, all this said, the shift and the application that I am prescribing here is to use more incremental attribution on your ads. There's actually two things I would advise to most businesses. Most businesses should generally run 7-day click, 1-day view. However, you should be optimizing your ads on incremental attribution. These are conversions that happened because of Facebook, not Facebook slipping in at the last second to get that conversion and take credit. And the second thing that I would advise basically every single business, what we do at The Moon Liters here with every single business, is we always measure back to our actual Shopify or e-commerce store results. So, just because Facebook says you got a 5x return on ad spend and drove this many new customers, doesn't mean it's always true. Their measurement isn't perfect, although I do think it is the best of. I think that generally speaking, you always want to measure back to what you're seeing in Shopify. What we like to do on our side is we like to show our total spend, total new customers, total revenue. That gets us blended ROI metrics, not ROAS, but return on investment total for the business, MER or marketing efficiency ratio, and then finally, NCPA or new customer cost per acquisition. These are all really good metrics to just keep a pulse on, and we always like to measure back to one king goal. Your king goal, the most important goal you have, is one goal that overrides all other goals. This is your business health goal, and I think every single brand out there should have a king goal. Back in my day at BarkBox, we used to say CAC or cost per acquisition is king. The only thing we cared about was hitting our cost per acquisition goal, and whatever that goal was on any given month, as long as we achieved that goal, everyone was happy. Now, if we scaled, excellent, we're good. And if we came down, okay, as long as we're under that cost per acquisition target. That is the philosophy that I have personally now applied to hundreds of businesses that we work with at The Moon Liters across my team. And the third shift that I have seen, which actually ties very well into one and two here, is a creative shift. I've never seen more of a push by Facebook ads to get more creative and more concepts of creative delivered. I've talked about the creative flywheel before. I've talked about the need to have multiple different ad creatives in your account. So, ad creative one might cause a reaction from this age, ad creative two might cause a reaction from this age and gender, where all different creatives actually stack up to create a nice halo where you're really reaching all of your possible audiences that will buy your product. Now, to put this very straight, you need a very simple flywheel system when you're building your creatives. And the purpose of that flywheel is to create constant new content pillars. Now, what everyone else is saying is you need diverse creative. This isn't true. You need to stack creative pillars. So, if UGC in car as a creative pillar works really well for you, then create a whole lot of UGC in car. If static images with black backgrounds and your product work lot of that concept. The thing that we're seeing in the market right now is that the biggest brands are establishing their pillars, and they're going very deep on those pillars. We're not just throwing spaghetti at the wall and trying every new creative concept, and then always trying to reinvent. What we're actually doing is finding these pillars, establishing what works for our business, understanding that each pillar might perform different. UGC in car is going to perform very different than ugly ads, but both might drive our target. One just might have way more spend behind it, one might have less spend behind it. It doesn't mean that we're not building each of those pillars. So, when it comes to building your creative depth and these pillars, as long as you're maintaining that constant flywheel, that analyzing your data, figuring out what you need to create, creating, launching, and waiting just a few days, that nonstop flywheel is going to keep your account moving forward, which is so critical. Now, as we talked about in the beginning of this video, Andromeda released just a few months ago. And while you're in the midst of nailing these three pillars, it's also really important you get your campaign structure right. So, click this video right here where I go through my entire structure step by step, so you can copy and paste it into your ad account, or adjust your ads to make sure you're at least following the core concepts. That's all for today. If you have questions, let me know in the comments below. I try to reply to as many as I possibly can. I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kylehale9660 [13 likes]: Fb still spending 99% of my budget on 1 creative.
  2. @pablodemarchi09 [5 likes]: Hi Sam! Writing this from Argentina.

I implemented your "swimming lanes" system in November, and didn't find significant changes at the beggining, but now, for Christmas sales, I have a BOGO offer that I need to aim at warm audiences that already know my products, and I'm getting 11+ ROAS with my Retargeting campaign, because, thanks to your system, I've been able to:

1) create a big warm audience with my Prospecting campaign; and
2) increase budget exactly where I need it now, which is the Retargeting campaign

It also helped me to stop wasting money in Retention campaigns, since most of my acquisitions (I create board games, and have only a few successful ones) are one-sale only. I only advertise new products on my Retention campaign, and with a minimum budget.

I'm having a great month, and a big part of it is due to your videos. Thank you, and Merry Christmas! 😊
  3. @zellity [4 likes]: I wish there was someone to compete against meta ads. Meta ads service is shit
  4. @AleksZdjelar [2 likes]: Where do you place catalog ads for prospecting — in a separate campaign with catalog+ or as a separate ad set within a prospecting CBO?

And if they’re added as an ad group, how does that impact the performance of the other ad groups?

This is a very important question for a lot of people, I think.
  5. @HomerSimpson411 [2 likes]: Do you have a video on the specific columns we should have in our Ads Manager view in order to track the right metrics? If not a tutorial on this would be very much appreciated!
  6. @Bulletproof_Studios [1 likes]: Hey man! Been loving your stuff, was wondering if you would ever do a video on service based businesses / lead campaign setups etc appreciate this might not be your “ideal” customer but thought it was worth asking 👌🏻

Anyway appreciate you!
  7. @iaevan [1 likes]: Great heads up for the upcoming year, brother.  
btw drink more water and get enough sleep. Pimples are a massive pain in the arse
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l123
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l123
  9. @joshprieto3977: How do you see the new customer metric you mentioned?
  10. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online with multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets, etc.). With Andromeda, would you run one campaign per category, or group all products into a single campaign?
  11. @ayushkumargupta100: Hey Sam, Can you please come up with Video for people who specifically run only Lead Generation Ads...
  12. @pruthviraj1298: Thank you for sharing the insights!
Can you make a video for B2B Meta Ads and how to Scale with very less audience pool?
  13. @Deshady7: What about X
  14. @leejoshua15: Thanks for your insightful sharing. I realised it is near impossible to track actual returns from where I am. Purchases tend to come in from other sort of avenue or we are never really able to properly attribute to the ads. find it a challenge to actually make it work.
  15. @smiless101: Why CBO NOT ABO ??
  16. @mayubeatz: Meta has been doing some unusual things lately. For instance, I’ve had a campaign where I invested $700 over two weeks and achieved a 3.5 return on investment (ROAS). However, when I continued spending $500 on the same campaign without making any changes, I noticed a sudden drop-off in results, literally 0 over the next 10 days. This has been a recurring issue for me when using these campaign structures. Usually, starting a new campaign is necessary to regain momentum.
  17. @LeviForeman-v3q: Hi Sam,

One of my campaign performs really well on low daily budget, but when I double or increase the budget my cost per conversion triples. Can you please give some advice.
  18. @aminehell: For a sales compaign fb spend 100% on the budjet on an ad set that is getting reactions and 0 on the one that has gotten sales . I have to reatribute the budjet manuelly.
  19. @HumailJamal: Please make a video on should we run only broad audience campaigns or we should select audiences as well? Since 99% of the advertisers are saying we should run broad audience campaigns but in this video you have shown different campaigns have different packs of audiences interest based, lookalikes, past purchasers etc. please create a detailed video on this and clarify all the details. Thanks Sam ❤
  20. @GuaranteedPPC: Tracking is really screwed up, that is for sure.  Software like Hyros can help bridge the gap, it's almost required at this point!

- 6 Marketing Trends ACTUALLY Working Right Now (2026 State of Marketing Report): Kind: captions Language: en In 2025, the rule was simple.&nbsp; Adapt or fall behind. Learn AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; move faster, [music] experiment. But now we&nbsp; have a problem. Everyone caught up. In 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; using the tools isn't the edge anymore. [music]&nbsp; It is the baseline. Our feeds are oversaturated.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything sounds the same. And trust is&nbsp; getting harder to earn. The brands winning&nbsp;&nbsp; right now aren't just moving fast. They're&nbsp; moving differently. I spent the last week&nbsp;&nbsp; combing [music] through HubSpot's 2026 state&nbsp; of marketing report with real data from real&nbsp;&nbsp; marketers on what's actually working right now.&nbsp; If you were here for last year's breakdown,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might remember my final question. Will&nbsp; you look back a year from now and wish you&nbsp;&nbsp; had started adapting sooner? Well, it's been a&nbsp; year. We've learned the tools. We've seen what&nbsp;&nbsp; happens when everyone uses them. So, now it's&nbsp; time to optimize what [music] actually works.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, let's walk through the six major marketing&nbsp; trends for 2026. We'll look at what the data says,&nbsp;&nbsp; what actually changed, and how to adjust without&nbsp; burning out. The full report is linked below if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to follow along. But for now, let's&nbsp; start with the shift that surprised everyone. Be honest. When you're scrolling on LinkedIn,&nbsp; how long does it take you to spot an AI written&nbsp;&nbsp; post? The perfect grammar, the emoji lists, the&nbsp; here's what no one tells you hook. Found one.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can usually spot one in under&nbsp; 3 seconds. According to the report,&nbsp;&nbsp; 52% of [music] marketers say AI has made content&nbsp; easier to create but less effective overall. And&nbsp;&nbsp; 53% say that they're struggling to differentiate&nbsp; in oversaturated feeds. Last year, we were asking,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do we start using AI? This year, the question&nbsp; is, how do we stop sounding like it? Because now&nbsp;&nbsp; that everyone has access to the same tools, your&nbsp; judgment is the product. the tools just ship&nbsp;&nbsp; it faster. [music] So, here's how to stay ahead.&nbsp; First, prioritize infrastructure over inspiration.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't ask AI to be creative. Ask it to be&nbsp; organized. Input your specific brand point of&nbsp;&nbsp; view and tone guidelines before you ever ask for&nbsp; a single word of copy. Next, apply the human edit&nbsp;&nbsp; rule. If a sentence [music] sounds like something&nbsp; a generic LinkedIn influencer would say, delete&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Your audience [music] can smell a template&nbsp; from a mile away. Finally, build a prompt library.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you find a prompt that triggers [music]&nbsp; an output that actually sounds like you, save&nbsp;&nbsp; it. Stop reinventing the wheel every time you open&nbsp; your AI tools. Once AI is handling the execution,&nbsp;&nbsp; something becomes obvious pretty quickly. Without&nbsp; clarity, you sound like every other brand. Let's play a game. I'm going to&nbsp; show you a website homepage. You&nbsp;&nbsp; have 5 seconds. Tell me what they sell. Time's up. Do you know? Neither do I. That is&nbsp; costing them money. According to the report,&nbsp;&nbsp; over half of marketers agree that expressing&nbsp; brand taste and point of view is essential&nbsp;&nbsp; for AI to actually work. But, and this is [music]&nbsp; wild, 40% of teams still haven't clearly defined&nbsp;&nbsp; their brand's unique value proposition. [music]&nbsp; The brands winning right now have this locked in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think of a brand that you would recognize&nbsp; from a screenshot [music] alone. No logo,&nbsp;&nbsp; no name. Got one? The one that I think of is&nbsp; Dolingo. [music] They have documented their brand&nbsp;&nbsp; point of view so tightly that every touch point&nbsp; reinforces the [music] same personality. website,&nbsp;&nbsp; socials, inapp moments, even push notifications.&nbsp; [music] If it doesn't sound like the owl, they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't hit publish. Last year, the question was, do&nbsp; people recognize us? This year, the question is,&nbsp;&nbsp; do they understand us instantly? [music] Buyers&nbsp; are deciding faster than ever. If your messaging&nbsp;&nbsp; isn't clear in the first 5 seconds, they're&nbsp; gone. So, here is how to stay ahead. First,&nbsp;&nbsp; pass the 5-second test. Show your homepage to&nbsp; a stranger and if they can't tell you exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what you do and who it's for in 5 seconds,&nbsp; [music] your copy isn't clear enough. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; anchor every channel. Your Instagram bio,&nbsp; email footer, and ad headlines should all&nbsp;&nbsp; answer the same core question in the same way.&nbsp; Repetition creates [music] recognition. Finally,&nbsp;&nbsp; measure conversions, not vibes. Stop asking if the&nbsp; brand feels right and ask which specific headline&nbsp;&nbsp; is driving signups and then double down on that.&nbsp; When you get clear on your positioning, there's&nbsp;&nbsp; something else that you're going to notice. Not&nbsp; everything that you publish deserves to exist. Try this. Open your content calendar and scan&nbsp; the last month of posts. Now ask yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; how many of these could be deleted without anyone&nbsp; noticing? If the honest answer is most of them,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the problem. 83% of marketers say&nbsp; that AI has increased the expectation to&nbsp;&nbsp; publish more content than ever before. But at&nbsp; the same time, creating content that actually&nbsp;&nbsp; drives engagement is still the number one&nbsp; challenge across teams. So output is going up,&nbsp;&nbsp; impact [music] isn't. AI removed friction from&nbsp; creation and with it the filter that used to stop&nbsp;&nbsp; weak ideas from going live. Last year the question&nbsp; was how do we publish more? This year the question&nbsp;&nbsp; is how can we publish with intent. More content&nbsp; without a purpose doesn't just underperform. It&nbsp;&nbsp; actively trains your audience to ignore you.&nbsp; So here's how to stay ahead. First replace&nbsp;&nbsp; what should we post with why are we posting? If&nbsp; the only answer is because [music] it's Tuesday,&nbsp;&nbsp; delete the draft. Next, set a quality&nbsp; standard. [music] Does this post teach,&nbsp;&nbsp; entertain, or challenge a belief? If it's&nbsp; just noise, you're actively training your&nbsp;&nbsp; audience to scroll right past you. Finally,&nbsp; track resonance over reach. One reply from a&nbsp;&nbsp; qualified lead is worth more than a,000&nbsp; views from bots. Optimize for the DM,&nbsp;&nbsp; not the impression. So, if more content isn't&nbsp; the answer, what actually cuts through the noise? Think about the last brand or creator you&nbsp; actually trusted. You probably didn't decide&nbsp;&nbsp; that from one 15-second [music] clip.&nbsp; Trust comes from repetition, depth,&nbsp;&nbsp; proof over time. The data shows that short&nbsp; form video continues to drive the strongest&nbsp;&nbsp; returns. At the same time, long- form video&nbsp; saw one of the biggest yearover-year lifts in&nbsp;&nbsp; performance. [music] So discovery still matters,&nbsp; but depth compounds. This is exactly how Morning&nbsp;&nbsp; Brew built a multi-million dollar audience. Short&nbsp; form wasn't the strategy, it was the on-ramp.&nbsp;&nbsp; Short form content is for discovery. [music]&nbsp; Longer form video is for credibility and trust.&nbsp;&nbsp; and owned channels like email and blogs are for&nbsp; consistency. [music] They turn attention into a&nbsp;&nbsp; habit and that habit is what actually compounds&nbsp; into [music] loyalty. Last year the question was&nbsp;&nbsp; how do we get discovered? This year the question&nbsp; is [music] what actually makes people trust us&nbsp;&nbsp; because short form video might get you seen&nbsp; [music] but loyalty is built over time. So&nbsp;&nbsp; here's how to stay ahead. First, [music] own&nbsp; a depth channel. Whether it is a podcast or&nbsp;&nbsp; a YouTube channel, you need one place where you&nbsp; can actually provide value. Next, use short form&nbsp;&nbsp; for reach, [music] not explanation. Use Tik Tok&nbsp; or reels to grab attention and then immediately&nbsp;&nbsp; point that traffic toward your depth channel and&nbsp; close the loop with a simple email roundup. This&nbsp;&nbsp; moves you from their feed to their inbox and turns&nbsp; [music] a casual viewer into a weekly habit. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is the only asset that no algorithm can take away&nbsp; from you. Now, this is where a lot of teams panic&nbsp;&nbsp; because once discovery [music] and trust move&nbsp; upstream, website traffic starts to go down. When was the last time you Googled something,&nbsp; got the answer instantly, and never clicked a&nbsp;&nbsp; single [music] link? You didn't scroll. You&nbsp; didn't go to different sites. You just had&nbsp;&nbsp; the answer. Nearly half of marketers say that&nbsp; traditional search traffic is declining due to&nbsp;&nbsp; AI powered answers. At the same [music] time,&nbsp; marketers report that traffic coming from AI&nbsp;&nbsp; tools carries much higher intent than traditional&nbsp; search. This isn't traffic [music] disappearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's traffic getting filtered. Views are the&nbsp; new vanity metric. Decisionready visitors are&nbsp;&nbsp; the real flex. Last year, the question was,&nbsp; how do we rank higher? [music] This year,&nbsp;&nbsp; the question is, how do we show up where people&nbsp; make decisions? Because more and more of that&nbsp;&nbsp; research is happening before someone ever visits&nbsp; your website. And by the time they do get there,&nbsp;&nbsp; they've compared options, they've formed an&nbsp; opinion, and they're not browsing, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; deciding. So, here's how to stay ahead. First,&nbsp; optimize for where research actually happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; People are forming opinions inside AI&nbsp; summaries and chats, social platforms,&nbsp;&nbsp; communities, and creator content long before they&nbsp; ever Google your brand. And if you aren't there,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're invisible. Next, lead with the answer.&nbsp; A rewards clarity. So do humans. Skip the&nbsp;&nbsp; long preamble and give the most useful response&nbsp; immediately. This is how your content gets cited,&nbsp;&nbsp; trusted, and acted [music] on. Finally,&nbsp; design for the decision phase. Assume&nbsp;&nbsp; that your website visitor has already done&nbsp; their homework. Don't make them hunt for the&nbsp;&nbsp; pricing [music] or the demo button. Put it front&nbsp; and center. Now, if you want help doing this,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Fieldnotee series on our channel released&nbsp; a video that breaks down how modern discovery&nbsp;&nbsp; works with [music] a ton of AEO tips that you&nbsp; can steal. I'll link it in the description for&nbsp;&nbsp; you. Okay, we have covered a lot so far. And as&nbsp; fascinating as all of this is, it can feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot to keep up with. So, here is how the brands&nbsp; actually evolving are pulling it all together. We've all been in this meeting. The campaign&nbsp; launched 3 weeks ago. It's tanking, but you have&nbsp;&nbsp; to wait for the monthly report to officially say&nbsp; that it's tanking. And by the time that you get&nbsp;&nbsp; approval to change it, the market has moved on.&nbsp; That delay costs more than the course correction&nbsp;&nbsp; ever would have. Top performing teams aren't&nbsp; [music] smarter, they're just faster. What the&nbsp;&nbsp; report found is that the teams winning right now&nbsp; analyze performance weekly, sometimes daily, and&nbsp;&nbsp; update live campaigns within hours. Last year, the&nbsp; question was, how do we plan the perfect strategy?&nbsp;&nbsp; This year, the question is, how fast can we learn&nbsp; and adapt once something is [music] live? This is&nbsp;&nbsp; the core of HubSpot's loop marketing playbook.&nbsp; To keep up with a market that moves this fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; the goal isn't [music] perfect planning. it&nbsp; is to launch, learn, fix, and repeat. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's how to stay ahead. First, stop chasing&nbsp; data across 10 different [music] tabs. You need&nbsp;&nbsp; a centralized hub. When your email, social,&nbsp; and website data all live in one place,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't have to spend hours connecting the dots.&nbsp; [music] And when that system has AI built into it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're going to get way deeper insights in way&nbsp; less time. Next, shorten your feedback cycles. If&nbsp;&nbsp; a specific subject line works on Tuesday, [music]&nbsp; use that insight for your ad copy on Wednesday.&nbsp;&nbsp; Review weekly, not monthly. And finally,&nbsp; optimize for what's already running before&nbsp;&nbsp; launching something [music] new. Small changes to&nbsp; live campaigns compound faster than starting from&nbsp;&nbsp; scratch. The teams winning in 2026 [music] are&nbsp; the ones who can learn, adjust, and move while&nbsp;&nbsp; everyone else is still waiting for approval.&nbsp; The shifts this year aren't about adapting&nbsp;&nbsp; anymore. They're about evolving. If you are still&nbsp; marketing the same way that you were in 2025,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not just falling behind, you're working&nbsp; harder for worse [music] results. So, let me leave&nbsp;&nbsp; you with this. A year from now, when I inevitably&nbsp; drag this clip back onto your screen again, will&nbsp;&nbsp; you look back and see [music] more posts, more&nbsp; tools, and more effort? Or will you see systems,&nbsp;&nbsp; clarity, [music] and momentum that kept working&nbsp; even when you weren't pushing every day? That is&nbsp;&nbsp; the difference between keeping up and actually&nbsp; evolving. [music] And that's what this channel&nbsp;&nbsp; is for. Turning overwhelming marketing into calm,&nbsp; repeatable systems that work. So to stay ahead,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe for weekly videos on real marketing&nbsp; strategies that are working right now, not just&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones that everybody's talking about. And there&nbsp; you have it. Six of the biggest [music] shifts&nbsp;&nbsp; that you need to know. But the full 2026&nbsp; state of marketing report goes much deeper.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's [music] packed with data breakdowns, plus&nbsp; a ton of other content to help you stay ahead.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've linked it for free for you [music] in&nbsp; the description. And just clear, you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; need to do all of this at once. You just need a&nbsp; place to start. I've linked a playlist of social&nbsp;&nbsp; media business strategies at the end of this&nbsp; video so that we can help you turn these trends&nbsp;&nbsp; into something practical, one [music] system at&nbsp; a time. Thanks so much for hanging out with me.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you liked this breakdown, make sure to let me&nbsp; know by giving it a like. My name is Bridget Oor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Feel free to connect with me online and I will&nbsp; see you in the next one. [music] Bye. [snorts]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [8 likes]: Download HubSpot's complete 2026 State of Marketing Report (free) to see the full data and insights. 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/5b3db2
  2. @draadhaartje [3 likes]: okay ChatGPT script intro lol
  3. @mohamedthameemsha [2 likes]: This video promised to convey the trends and but I guess there is more fundamentals than evaolving trends. I am eager how future marketing just evolves more than this. Would love to see the series like this even next year.
  4. @KaleshWari-b5c: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  5. @RolasDakol: Ok
  6. @JudyManning-i3i: great tips!
  7. @jootzman: 🔥🔥🔥💯
  8. @Auteur_Vision: her entire dialogue sounds like AI
  9. @seal3501: the irony of this video is that it doesn't stand out of the sea of sameness, it feels like just another ai video. I think humans in todays age value authenticity and simplicity, not what AI brings
  10. @cockroachjantaparty143-n3r: i really liked the part about ai and content
  11. @DineshKumar-l9g4n: wait how did i not know this before
  12. @bhaktibhajan01-l5n: question: if users are skipping google and asking chatgpt, are you treating “rankings” as a lagging metric now? i’m trying to recalibrate. myGEOscore seems built for that shift.
  13. @spandanausurupati5195: these trends seem way more practical than last year
  14. @ggyfhffjgf: i thought i was doing it right smh
  15. @mrmalm94: this actually makes a lot of sense
  16. @bhanupratapnaik1219: bruh this is super helpful, thanks
  17. @mdsalmanAli-z9b: the “ai content is easy now so it’s worse” point hit. i’ve been seeing the same bland paragraphs everywhere. even SeoLab Agency can’t fix lazy positioning.
  18. @xx__rox__rewa__554: wow did not expect that from ai
  19. @ShannyMacCreates: What would you say the best way to track is? For example link clicks on stories, replies to stories from warm audiences, etc?
  20. @ashtonmurray-m5d: This video was amazing, learned a lot.

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanriley2669 [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- How To Crush Facebook Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Facebook ads agency I ran successful Facebook ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets literally $100 per month that's about $3 per day and the good news is you absolutely can succeed with Facebook ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is so I would Define a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $33,000 per month so about $100 per day or less and a tiny Facebook ads budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Facebook ads budget so that's the good news and actually recommend a lot of businesses start there they start with a small budget because your first Facebook ad campaigns might not perform really well out of the gate they might take a bit of time to work it out that sometimes happens and it's better to start small start with an amount that's not going to put you or your business in any financial difficulties and then once you know your campaigns are profitable you can always scale from there there are however some things I'd recommend you do differently or things you really need to focus on when you're operating with a small Facebook ad budget as opposed to a larger budget and that's what we're going to run through in this video those things that you might need to adjust that you really need to focus on if you want success with a small budget so Point number one is to copy from what works best in your industry already when you have a small budget you don't have a lot of money with which to test you can't go out and test lots of different ad formats and different creative options and different headline options you just you just don't have the money to be able to dedicate to all those different variables to know which works best and which doesn't so the way you massively shortcut that is you take a look at what's already working really well in your industry now you can do that with a free tool called The Meta ads Library you literally Google it pop right up and then you can take a look at any Facebook and Instagram advertisers ads that are currently live and you can see what ads they're running and how long Those ads have been running for so I'd recommend you go and check out a number of competitors find those that are that are running Facebook and Instagram ads take a look at the ads that they're running and then a top tip is to analyze in particular the ones that have been running a long time so if you find an ad that's been live for 3 months or 6 months or longer the chances are that that ad's performing really well otherwise that company would have turned off Those ads so you take a look at those ads that have been live for quite a long time is still currently live you'll be able to see all that information within the meta ads library and then you think okay why are those ads working can we replicate that in our own ads can we create ads with a similar style can we create ads with the same format are they image are they video uh can we use some of the a similar language in our copy you don't want to fully copy Those ads you want to model from them and create your own versions but that can massively shortcut your path to success because you can basically benefit from all the testing that someone else has done potentially with a much larger budget and bring that into your ads and have a much higher percentage of your ads working which is what you need to do with a small budget because like I said you don't have the budget to go out and do a lot of testing and to make this even easier for you HubSpot who I'm partnering with on this video have created a fantastic fantastic free resource that contains 50 High performing Facebook ads there is a link in the video description below where you can download these Facebook ad examples and find great options to model from they've included ads from Nike Hulu VMO and so much more my favorite part is that it's sorted by industry to make it really easy to find what you're looking for I'd strongly recommend you check it out and use it to level up your Facebook ad creative check the link in the description below and thanks to HubSpot for sponsoring today's video Point number two is to reduce the number of variables so firstly I'd recommend that you focus on one off only just try and sell the one product or service I'd recommend that you start by trying to sell what is sold best previously if you don't have data on that you're a brand new business then go with whichever option you think will sell best or at least the option that has the best margins because obviously the better margins the more profitable your Facebook ads are going to be if you do manage to sell um that product or service and that really helps reduce the number of variables and doesn't spread your budget your small budget across too many campaigns too many ad sets too many ads because if you do that you're not going to get enough data enough conversions on any one of those campaigns adssets etc for a you to know whether or not they're performing well and be for meta to be able to optimize properly so really really important to reduce the number of variables and then when you're just advertising that one offer make sure that you don't overload meta with too many variables within that one campaign so not too many adets not too many ads really reduce right down obviously once it's working and then you're looking to scale you can expand you can sell other products sell other services and things like that but do that once you're able to start increasing your budget because your One Core offer your most profitable or your bestselling thing is performing really well number three is to trust matter what do I mean by that it means using Advantage Plus shopping campaigns or using Advantage Plus audience when using manual campaigns giving meta some suggestions around targeting But ultimately allowing mattera to do what it thinks is best in terms of finding the Right audience and and doing all the things that it wants to do from an optimization standpoint when you have a small budget you can't afford to be cute or ever or try and think around the system or risk part of that budget on unusual or out there things something we might do with larger budgets we think this has a low probability of working but if it does work it might work really really well so it's worth dedicating a small po portion of our budget and giving this a go that doesn't work with small budgets you don't have the budget with which to play so just go with the recommendations the guidelines remember meta wants you to get the best ad results possible because they know if you do that you're going to spend more stick around for longer Etc so go with their recommendations for the most part use their systems and try and get all of that on your side now Point number four is that you should be willing to spend more on conversions now a lot of new Facebook advertisers particularly those operating with small budgets they have unrealistic expectations of how profitable and how successful their ad campaign should be so I've spoken to a lot of Facebook advertisers relatively new usually operating with small budgets and I'll ask them what's your target return on adspend like what do you want to hit from a return on adspend number that would make your campaigns work and you'd be happy with that and then they'll often say a 10x so for every dollar they spend on Facebook ads they want $10 worth of sales leads Etc um back that's pretty unrealistic particularly for a relatively new Facebook ad account without a lot of conversion data operating um with a small budget so I think you should be willing to be much more aggressive with what you're happy to spend to get a new customer I would personally recommend being quite aggressive and going all the way up to your break even number that might be a 2 XRS that might be a 2.5 XRS 3x rows obviously a lot lot less than what people typically say when they're operating with small budgets and their beginners and that's a 10x rows now what that allow you to do yes you won't make as much money from each new customer acquired but what that allow you to do is scale and when you're apprting with a small budget it's really important to remember that the results you get aren't forever the point of the campaigns and the ads that you're running right now is to get them successful get them to at least break even and allow you to scale when you do that your campaign are going to generate more conversion data you'll have more budget to then play with meta will be able to optimize your campaigns better you will likely see an improvement in results um you also start building a larger customer base you start building a bigger brand because the more people interact with your business uh the more brand awareness there is the more likely there are to be referrals the more likely to be Word of Mouth the more um repeat business you get because you've got a larger customer base now perhaps you don't want to be quite as aggressive as going all the way to break even um in terms of your your sort of cost per purchase or your cost per lead but would you not be happy with a 4X Rass I think you should be with a small budget I think that's a pretty good outcome and if you can achieve that you can then scale um and like I said you get all those benefits that I've just discussed so in general be braver with your ad spend see a lower Rass number than something like a 10x Ras as a success because what we're doing right now with a small budget is not trying to make a lot of profit is to get us ready to be able to scale and produce better results and build a better more profitable business so Point number four five is no brand awareness I've heard a lot of small business owners over the years say things like oh it's good to spend a bit of money on ads just sort of get your business out there what does that even mean that's so wishy-washy isn't it get your business out there that that's that's nothing tangible that's nothing concrete you're not really measuring any sort of return on investment from that it's just a a throwaway sentence but it absolutely dictates some advertisers Behavior they spend a bit of money on an awareness campaign to sort of get their business out there as a small business with a small budget if you run an awareness campaign and you're aiming for brand awareness that's a really good way to just see no results from your marketing efforts just literally get no return no customers no leads ex I've seen it happen so many times it's what a lot of new advertisers do particularly those operating with a small budget when you're using a small budget you have to go for what you really want which is either going to be leads or sales depending on your business you need to set your campaign up for that you need to um craft your ad copy for that you need to produce creative that is designed to get you that you don't have the budget to mess around with other things brand awareness campaigns are for larger companies typically those that already have an element of brand awareness and they're looking to multiply that to refresh it to keep it going as opposed to build it um from scratch now one exception to that is my omnipresent content strategy which actually does use the awareness campaign objective it can be very effective with small budgets because you're using it with a small targeted audience only works for certain types of business I'll include a link in the video description in case you want to go ahead and check that out for further information so that is an exception but for the vast majority of businesses operating with small budgets they should be going directly for leads directly for sales and not trying to run awareness campaigns guess how much I've spent on Facebook ads in Total 1 million 10 million no the real number is at least $50 million and I'm giving away everything I've learned from spending those $50 million on Facebook ads in one crazy bundle where you'll get 100 plus step-by-step training videos access to an exclusive School Community with more than 700 business owners just like you live calls and live trainings with me and my team first no updates on changes to algorithms and what's working right now plus so much more all for the tiny price of just £97 per month and this bundle is filled with the exact strategies that we use to generate insane results like this and like this and like this so if you want to stop messing around with your Facebook ads and actually have them change your business and your life click the link and I'll see you on the inside okay Point number six is to not mess with your Facebook ad campaigns too frequently now one of the most important parts of Facebook advertising and understanding how it works is the learning phase when you create a new campaign you set it live the ad set will go into the learning phase and that's where meta is running all sorts of experiments to try and get you the best results possible so they're working out who within the target audience should they put the ads in front of uh what time of day should they put ads in front of people how many Impressions do people need on average in order to take the action that you want to take so all these various experiments now during the learning phase your results are quite volatile because all these tests are being run now the learning phase can last varying amounts of times it depends on conversion volume but let's say for example on average it's 48 Hours within your ad account if you are going back into your campaigns and making adjustments and tweaks and things like that every time you do that it resets the learning phase so you restart you go through that process again which means that a lot of I've seen this happen so many different ad accounts a lot of Facebook advertisers are making changes at least once every 48 hours to the point where their campaigns can never properly optimize can never properly get out of the learning phase and they miss out on the better results and the full optimization that they could have had um because they just can't help themselves but tinker and make these changes and when you're operating with a small budget it's more difficult for your campaigns to get out of the learning phase anyway because what meta really needs to learn to optimize is conversions and I often get the questions one of the most common questions I get asked is once I create a new Facebook ad and set it live how long should I leave leave that before knowing it it whether it works or not and there is no set time and the reason why is because it depends on conversion volume so let's say for example you're running a campaign in ad account that gets 2,000 purchases a day like we have clients that operate with that sort of volume well we can set an ad live and we will know whether or not it's working within a couple of hours it'd be really that quick because you get so many conversions right whereas if you're running a campaign in an ad account that gets five conversions a week it might take you a month to know whether whether or not a new ad is performing well in comparison to say previous benchmarks so it's absolutely based on conversion volume not time when you have a smaller budget you normally generate less conversions than if you have a larger budget and therefore it takes longer to get through the learning phase therefore it's really important for you to just leave things alone let meta do it thing also make sure that you give your ads your campaigns longer to assess whether or not they are actually working because of what I just described it might take a couple of weeks for you to know if this ad is actually producing results the the less you spend the conversions you get the more you need to expand your time frames to assess things okay so Point number seven is to Niche down now when you're operating with a smaller budget instead of trying to advertise to your total target market it's better to to pick a specific section of that market and advertise to them instead otherwise your ads are just going to get lost in the other ads that are sort of generically targeting the whole Market whereas if you pick a small section of your Market you can then tailor your messaging to really speak to those people which makes it much more likely that they will engage much more likely that they will then convert it's actually one of the advantages that smaller businesses with smaller budgets have is they can go more Niche they can be more specific whereas the larger businesses they need uh the larger volume of customers the larger volume of leads they have to stay more broad typically so really lean into that and and take advantage so I'll give you an example so my agency my meta ads agency now we can we're big enough to go broad like we work with all different types of business when it comes to running their Facebook and Instagram ads but if I was to start all over I would pick a very specific Niche to start with for example we could position ourselves as a meta ads agency that specializes in software businesses SAS businesses right we could say this is the only types of business we run ads for we're really specialist at this we're really good at this and then tailor all our marketing and and the messaging for those people specifically so that when those people the people that own SAS businesses or you know marketing managers for SAS businesses they see our advertising they see our marketing and think these guys are perfect for us because they spend specializ in specifically what we do so when you're operating with a smaller budget do that go for a specific subsection of your market and then as you scale and as you grow you can add in other subsections and then eventually uh be large enough to sort of go broad across your your potential total Market but at the beginning that's a real competitive Advantage you can have over some of the big boys is like yeah you know their brand you don't know us but look we specialize in you that's why you should click on our ad that's why you should buy our product that's why you should use our service Point number eight is to jump on new new features and strategies so larger companies with bigger budgets they normally take longer to do things there's lots of decision makers it can be really quite slow trust me as an agency that works we work with all different types of businesses but some of them are very large businesses it can be quite frustrating the speed with which they operate at when you're a smaller business operating with a smaller budget that's another competitive Advantage you can jump on new features you can jump on new strategies and take advantage of stuff that's going to take the bigger players 6 months maybe longer to actually get round to using themselves and with that in mind I'd recommend you check out this video in it I share a new Facebook ad strategy that is brilliant for maximizing leads and sales and if that's what you want which most Facebook advertisers do go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [10 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Ashton_marketing [1 likes]: I'm receiving 4-8 purchases per month by spending $20/day on sales campaign😭 product costs are $100 roughly. please make videos on running campaigns with small budget
  3. @mattmaycroft: I didn't know what I was doing. And I blew $500 in a day.
  4. @amyl7072: You talk too fast. Can't keep up with you
  5. @MrDiyar2660: Should we post 20+ ads per ad set with a low budget to let meta choose the ones most suitable for the customer. Or should we post 2-3 ads? In one of your videos, you recommend to post 20+
  6. @adaoraeje: This video just answered a question i had 2 hours ago. The question was: what's a successful ad for a relatively new meta advertizer.
Thank you for sharing.
I was in the 10x ROAS goal "boat", and have been kicking myself for getting 5x these past few months. Now I'll be more gracious to myself/my business.

Again, thank you.
  7. @sambaldwin4898: Would you recommend retargetting being your first meta ads campaign?
  8. @arbenr8897: Can you create a new similar video, Ben? :) please
  9. @ImOnPoint: This feels like a Facebook ad. The tips are not super groundbreaking.
  10. @rosiefoster713: Hi does this still apply on 2026?  if i follow your tutorial or has it changed?
  11. @rossscobievideographer53: Just on this, I recently stopped my campaigns during the day and only played evevnings before I started leads and followers
  12. @TheSerpentOfSiena: Do you still offer a service where you run the ad campaign for others?
  13. @propmakermaker: small shop how the fuck has 600 dollars to spend on ads
  14. @RenzoRiccetti: I'm doing COD e commerce and I'm at a low spend (20-30€/day). I can afford to spend more (100€/day) but I don't because COD is peculiar and if a campaign gets your 30 purchases in one day, 6 of those 30 will contact you saying they don't actually want it. Of those 24 left, only 16 will be a succesful delivery on the first try and of those 8 left,  you will only deliver 4 and the other 4 you'll have to ship them back (which costs money) so stuff like this prevents me from scaling a "good performing" campaign because it gives me liquidity issues since I get the money from the paid orders about 2-3 days later (maybe even 4 if its the weekend). Do you have any advice on what to do? Because I'll get pretty good results at 30€/day (about 6-7 orders) and I decide not to touch it until I recuperate cash flow and the next day it'll do 2 orders at 30€/day. Thank you and great  video btw!
  15. @RachelDacusAuthor: Real talk for small business advertisers! Thanks, Ben. This is a valuable video, and I'm recommending it to my fellow indie authors.
  16. @StephencreatefunContent: What happens when you have a new customer who demands you create an ad with the goal to go to their website, but their website sucks and they have no social media presence either. Is it still worth it to advertise  on Facebook when you really have nothing to start with?
  17. @VRDNS0707: Quick question @Ben Heath. I am running a brand new ad account for E-com, Should i warm up pixel by using conversion event to be View Content or I can set it directly to be Purchases ?
  18. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735: when ABO, budget lower than $5 show "To avoid zero results, the budget must be set to at least $5.00". CBO budget when lower than running adset number* $5, the same. Is it update or bug?
  19. @dabcreatives: Hey Ben, our coach is telling us to run 4 ad sets, 3 ads each w/ a $50-per-day campaign budget running 12 hours. That's like 15 clicks per ad. Shouldn't we just stick to say, 1 ad set + 3 ads?
  20. @LucasMetherall-t4t5u: Thank god you're British. Not to be racist, but I can't handle super American-accented people telling me how to do... anything, really.

- My 0-$20K/Day In 30 Days Low Budget Facebook Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en Look, I get it. You got $7.32 to your name and your Facebook ads are draining cash faster from your bank account than your ex on a Sephora shopping spree. But that's all going to change as you stop testing products like a Neanderthal with CBOS and interest audiences that honestly haven't worked since 2022 for testing products and instead go to my bulletproof low-budget testing strategy that will give your products the best chance of working without lighting your wallet on fire. Now, the biggest reason why I hate CBOS for testing products is because you're not giving each ad a fair shot of working for you. Typically, this is what it's going to look like with a CBO where you're spending anywhere between $100 to $200 and most of your money is going to get funneled into one adset and the other ones will be completely neglected. I mean, in this adset alone, I had four different image ads going on that each are getting around maybe$1 to$2 in spend. And that's just simply not enough money to know if a creative is going to work for you. Now, you may be saying, "Well, Facebook's choosing to spend money on this ad. Therefore, it's the best one. Well, after analyzing over 30 of my students accounts, we found out that Facebook can be wrong. It will spend money on creators that it believes has the best chance, and usually it's right. But there are definitely cases in which ads will get completely neglected, and then when I force spend to them in an they end up outperforming the original ad that got all the spend in my CBO. So, I personally believe that you can't rely on Facebook to make that judgment and be 100% right. It's not going to be. So you need to make sure that each creative has a fair shot of working and that's what you can guarantee with an because you're guaranteeing spend in that adset to each one of the creatives. So that's why I always recommend that. And the reason why I don't like interest was a concept that Facebook came up with over 10 years ago because they were trying to appeal to Google advertisers that were moving to Facebook. But when you really think about it for 2 and a half milliseconds, what does an interest do? It restricts your audience size from potentially 50 to 100 million people down to usually an audience of 5 to 10 million. So cutting it by tenth. And when that happens, it's more expensive to advertise and you can't scale to as many people because your audience size is smaller. So why would I want to spend more money to get my ad shown and if it ends up being a winning ad have a smaller potential pool of people to show my ad to? So inside of here, I'm turning off catalog ads and I'm turning off CBO. Now going to the ad set side of things, we are going to do website and then typically you going to have your pixel that is connected to your store. Now when it comes to tracking on Facebook, Facebook is not 100% accurate. I would say it's close to 80 to 85% and obviously when you are testing a product for the first time you need that data to be accurate especially on purchases. So I always recommend having a third party tracking software like one pixel or weracted I personally recommend we tracked which is around $40 to $50 a month and it is just so much more accurate than the actual Facebook native pixel. There's plenty of tutorials on YouTube that will teach you how to set that up. But once you have that down when it comes to dynamic creative I also don't like this. And the reason why is because let's say you have three images you want to test. If you do it in a dynamic creative, you can't actually choose to turn off one of those ads that's underperforming and then potentially scale the other two. And I don't like having zero control on where my budget is going because they're always going to be ads that underperform because typically 80 to 90% of ads are not going to work. So if you upload three ads, two are historically not going to work. So why would you leave those on? Just leave on the one that's performing. But you can't do that with dynamic creative. but for me doesn't make a lot of sense. Now, when it comes to budget, typically what I'm going to do is about $20 to $25. But this also depends on your KPIs because you shouldn't be testing high ticket products if you have a lower budget because those require a higher budget in the first place. So, for instance, if I'm selling a product for $100, it cost me 20. My cost per purchase break even is 76. So, I should ideally be spending around that number on each one of my adsets to give it a fair shot. Now, obviously, if my product is more realistic and I'm selling something for, let's say, 50, then I don't have to spend anywhere near that much to get the data I need to be able to make a decision of whether I'm killing or scaling a specific ad set or creative. So, typically that daily budget of 20 is perfectly fine. And then when it comes to the date, I always will set it for the next day at midnight. Now, you can also do uh 7 a.m. is also very popular. I think both of those times are perfectly fine. Now, getting into the rest of this advantage plus audience, all this placements, I don't even touch it. The reason why it's the biggest, broadest audience size, there's really just no advantage to tweaking your gender or your age because again, it just limits the audience pool. Now, the one thing I do tweak is locations. I do like to do the big four countries. So, United Kingdom, even though I honestly hate those people with my core, and then Canada and Australia. So, after we get all four of those in, we're going to upload our creatives. Now, when it comes to the creatives, this is where it's the most important thing. You want to be split testing the actual creatives themselves because that makes the biggest difference. So in terms of Facebook page, I just choose whatever Facebook page I have. I don't care about having an Instagram account. And then I will choose of course the one image that I'm going to have for this ad. And typically each ad set, the difference between them is the framework I choose. So if I have a product, one of them might be okay, all my problem solution video ads. Then I'm just going to label this ad PS video 1 because that is exactly what it is, problem solution video one. And then for the URL, obviously put in your product page directly. Don't go to the homepage. Don't go to a collection page. Directly to the homepage. Then set up creative. And this is where we would upload either the video or image ad that we have. So from here, we're going to go to media. And then we are going to upload. Now I've already uploaded the first one here. As you can see, this is PS hook one. So when I'm doing video ads, the only difference typically, so I would do problem solution. The body will be the same among all the ads. call action will be the same, but I do four different hooks as the split test because that makes the biggest difference. So, we have our video uploaded and then when it comes to primary text, don't stress this. This is 2 to 5% of the success of your ad. It's all about the creative itself, the actual video or image that you're split testing. So, typically the main most common structure is doing one sentence of a benefit, three bullet point benefits, and then a simple call to action. So, essentially something that looks like this. And you can easily get Chad JBT to whip this up for you. Super simple once you just add your product description into that prompt. Now for headline, I am usually always doing social proof love by over 10,000 customers. I don't think you need to over complicate this by any means. And then you're essentially good to go. Obviously, make sure you have your third party tracking set up. So this is one ad. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to make three more duplicates. And that's where we're going to put in the other ads I made that are a part of this framework. So again, for each framework that I test, I usually make three to four ads. So at the end of the day, this is what the adset looks like. We have all four of our video ads uploaded. We have a $20 budget going on. And they all have the same headline, same ad copy, but a different creative inside. And then once I have the original done, what I will do is I will make three duplicates of the original ads set just like this. And with these new adsets, that's where I'm going to put in the new ads and frameworks. So for instance, this ad group right here could be a how-to video ads. So all my how-to video ads will be inside of this. So the only difference between these adsets isn't the actual setup. It's the creatives that are inside because the creatives are what do all the targeting. The creatives are what build the audiences and we see which one actually appeals to the audience that makes us the most money. So, I'm going to go upload all these videos real quick and we'll get it all fully set up. So, to wrap things up, we have four adsets and then they each have their own framework. So, I actually have two image frameworks going on, a pressure test image and a product demo image, then a get ready with me video and a problem solution video. So, again, the only difference is that each adset has a set of its own four to five creatives depending on the framework. Now, before we get into the rest of this media buying goodness, if you want access to all the image ad, video ad templates, and all the resources I've used to scale my drop shipping brands to over a 100K a month so that you can scale your store to over a grand a day in the next 180 days, or we keep coaching you for free until you do, then click the link down below in the description and apply for my one-on-one coaching program, which is the only program where you're not only going to get a one-on-one coach that answers all your questions and also hops on a weekly call with you, but you get five group calls with yours truly where I'm going to review your products, review your website, your ads, basically everything you're doing so you know exact exactly what you need to improve so you can finally hit those 1 grand days that you've been looking for all this time. So, if you want to work with me and get the exact resources that my students have used to scale their brands to over 1 grand a day, then click the link down below in the description and apply for my one-on-one program. Now, this is the part where beginner drop shippers hit the panic button. They are running around like Spongebob with the files flying everywhere in his brain because they don't know what they're doing and they don't know their numbers. But you're smarter than that. So, if you want access to the KPI calculator, comment pooky down below and I got you. But essentially with no ambiguity, I will teach you exactly at the dollar amount as to when you should kill and when you should scale your creatives. So let's say for instance, we are selling a product for $40 and it costs us $15. What you will do is plug in your numbers into this calculator. Typically 20% profit is where you want to aim for. And what I will do is at the creative level is when I make all of my killing and scaling decisions. Never look at the adset level because the reason why is, okay, you can have an adset that's unprofitable, but when you go to the ad level, you have one ad that's crushing it, that's doing really well. It just hasn't spent as much as the other ones that did get spent, but aren't performing. So, that doesn't make the creative bad. It just needed more spend. So, you never ever make decisions at the adset level. You are being cheap. You are being impatient. That is not the way you do things because the whole purpose of testing, as we mentioned and established earlier, is to give your creatives the best chance of working. And if they're only getting a few hours or a few dollars spent, you have no confidence if you're actually killing it at the right point. But obviously, the more you spend on a creative and the longer it's been running, the higher your confidence is if you are ready to kill it or scale it. But you don't have an unlimited budget here. We don't have a bajillion dollars we can spend on each creative. So when we look at these numbers at a 20% profit target, I need my creatives to be getting me a cost per ad $6.54. So that is typically the second milestone. Now, my first milestone is at the creative level. If I have spent $4, this is a universal rule. It doesn't matter what my numbers are. If I have spent $4 on a creative and it doesn't have multiple link clicks, so at least two link clicks or an add toart or a purchase, I will kill it. I have very rarely seen an ad that spent $4, had one link click or no link clicks and ever actually performed. So, that I feel perfectly fine with killing at that early stage. But after that, let's say you do have some creatives that spent $4 and they have multiple link clicks. Then the first milestone is at $6.50. If that creative does not have an add toart, I am turning it off. So you can see that theoretically your adset half the day in could have a budget of let's say $10 spent and it might spent six of that on one creative and because it didn't get an add toart, you ended up killing that creative and now the other three are going to get the rest of that budget for the day and the rest of the budget for the next day. So you can see if those end up performing better. Now the next milestone, let's say you do have a creative that does get an ads card at $6.50. Now it needs to get an initiate checkout for $10 or less. If it doesn't do that, I'm killing it. And then the final metric, if a creative has spent $15 and hasn't gotten me a purchase, I'm going to kill it. So, you're really not spending that much money. At the absolute max, if every single one of these creatives get an ads card and initiate a checkout, okay, you're going to be spending about $60 on this adset total. And if you do that across the four adsets, okay, that test ended up being about $240. But typically, what's going to happen is from these 16 ads, around three or four of them will actually get an ads card. And then those three or four we're going to let spend to $15. and then we'll see if they get a purchase or not. But in total, you're most likely with this strategy going to spend about $100 to $150, which for a product test to be able to test that many creatives and still equally give them all a chance to get spend and actually succeed for you, that is a really, really good use of your money. Now, when you're setting up your columns, make sure you have the exact metrics as me because it instantly increases your rorowaz by 5x and your riz and aura at the same time. Now, some of these metrics are custom like hook rate and hold rate. Now, you may be wondering, how do you actually create a custom metric? Well, all you do go to custom like this, create a custom metric, and then that's where you would put in specific uh percentages. So, for instance, for a metric like hook rate, this is just dividing sorry rate. Okay, that sounds like a racist slur. I mean, but it would be 3se second video plays divided by the total number of impressions. Now, for hold rate, the metrics a little bit different. All it is is total. So, 100% video plays divided by the 3se secondond video plays. So, video plays at 100% divided by this 3se secondond video plays would be your hold rate. So looking at the rest of the metrics, I just look at this essentially like a funnel. So for instance, what would happen is you are going to spend money. You are going to get some CPM, which is your cost to show to a,000 impressions. Frequency is something I look at just to see where my ads are being shown in the funnel. Typically, if a frequency is below 1.2, these are top ofunnel ads. They're not used for retargeting. Now, of course, unique link clicks. I think that's better than actual link clicks because link clicks double track. So let's say you have one person who visits your website, but they visit multiple times. Then with link clicks, they will track that as three or four link clicks when it's really one person. So I think unique link clicks is a little bit more honest at the end of the day. Landing page views is how many people that actually click your link land on your page, which is a great indication of your speed score on your website because typically if your drop off is more than 10 to 15%, then that is obviously a lot of eyeballs you're losing out because your website's taking too long to load. Now, obviously the other metrics here, CTR, typically with CTR on most winning ads, I will admit it's around 3% or higher. So right here, 2.3%, we got 3.9. That's not too bad. We have some ad cards here. So, let's actually break down what I'm looking at here. Now, I killed this adset at $7. Shame on me because you cannot make a decision usually on a creative level at a high enough confidence level when I haven't spent that much money. But in comparison, when we see these ads right here, they've all spent at least $30. Now, if I use the method I just taught you, I would have saved so much money on this test because I let these run for a little bit too long cuz we actually recently developed this inside my 101 program of this media buying strategy, which we absolutely love. It saves so much money and it's just so concrete. It leaves no ambiguity as to when you should kill. So, if I was to apply these numbers to it, realistically, okay, add toarts. None of these bottom three got any add to cardarts. So, 34, 60, 31. Yeah. Ouchies, that hurts. You know, Ethan does have some spare cash, I guess, to just throw away, but I should have killed these at around $7 instead, and I would have saved, you know, close to $100. Now, on this specific product page, I already had all my ad toarts go directly to checkout. So, I'm kind of counting those exactly as the same thing. So essentially, if I did get an initiate checkout, which I'm counting it as this, then I will let it spend to $15. Now, with this creative, it had multiple ads but had no purchases. So again, what should have happened is I would have cut it at 15 instead of 38. Saved a lot of money, but still had given that ad a fair shake to actually prove itself. Now, you may be wondering, what do I do when I have new ads that I want to test? Well, all I do is basically the same exact process where I will create a new ad set and then whatever ads I have. So, let's say I have a set of five new ads I want to test. I will just drop all four or five of those ads inside this new adset. Set the budget $ 20 to $25 a day. And you just repeat the same exact process of letting those get spent, analyzing the numbers, and obviously cutting ads once they reach a certain milestone, but didn't get the metric that we needed of an add to card, initiate checkout, or a purchase. So now let's talk about those juicy scaling strategies of going from a few purchases to obviously 50 plus purchases or even 100 plus purchases with your winning creatives. So for me personally, when I have a creative that has two plus purchases and is profitable, that's when I start the scaling process. So typically the first scaling mode that I always recommend is going inside your adset and then increasing the budget by 50%. So if I'm at $15 a day, in this case I would go up to around $22, maybe even 25 if I'm feeling a little bit frisky. Typically, the best thing to do is around 25 to 50% budget increases every single day that your ad set in your creative is performing. So, if I bumped this budget from 15 to 25 and it performed well, it got another purchase, then I would bump up the budget again from 25 to potentially 40 the next day. And let's say for instance, okay, I bumped it from 25 to 40, but next day didn't perform well at 40, I didn't get a purchase. Then I'll bump the budget back down to 25 and let it prove itself again. So typically I'm raising budgets and decreasing budgets every single day based on what happened on the previous day. But that method of scaling obviously takes a lot of time. So actually my favorite method of scaling even on a low budget is taking the adset that has your winning creative. I'm going to make either two or three duplicates of the original adset and it will just be that winning creative getting all the spend because obviously that's what we want to do. We want to figure out how much money can we profitably spend on that winning creative because some creatives can spend thousands of dollars every single day and be profitable while others can only spend a few hundred and that's still perfectly fine. That is a reasonable business right there. You can still scale to $1,000 a day with just one creative. So from here, do we change anything? Not really. I'm just going to make sure, okay, we starting the date at midnight to the next day. Daily budget typically 20 to $25. I just want to make sure that my budget is at least that break even cost per purchase amount that we talked about at the creative level. So obviously these two duplicates are in draft, but what I would do is that I would give them a day. And if they do not get a sale after the end of one day, I'm killing them. Now, does that mean I'm giving up on that scaling strategy? No. I would still try that exact move the next day and then the day after that. And if I tried it three times and every single time it failed, then I would move on to another scaling strategy, which is the next one we're going to talk about. But if it does work, then I'm going to keep doing it again and again and again until it stops working for me. Because that's again a great scaling strategy on its own that can easily get you to a few thousand a day. And really the final method of scaling that can get you to a few thousand a day on a lower budget is taking that adset that has your winning creative that has multiple purchases at a profitable level. Then going into a new campaign and we will do a CBO and then whatever the name of the creative is. So in this case it's labeled five. Not the best name of the world, I know, but we're going to click duplicate. And then from here, this scaling method is again the same process. It's just putting more budget into a creative that's already working. We're trying to find out how much money can we spend and do it in a profitable way. So for this method, I am going to do a CBO. I think CBOS's are great for scaling, not for testing. Because with this method, we are forcing the budget into one creative. So CBO makes sense, doesn't really. So we have our one adset, we have our one creative. Now, sometimes I will make multiple adsets. So like having two to three. Now you may be wondering what's the point of that because essentially again they're all getting the same spend. Well it's just because when you do create multiple adsets inside this campaign. So in this instance we have two adsets inside this new CBO scaling campaign. They're going to hit different pockets of people. And that's why even if you have the same ad multiple times in the same campaign, they're not going to perform the same because they are hitting different pockets of your original audience. your original audience is probably millions of people, but your ad is going to show to a few thousand of those millions and then the same ad will show to another pocket of a thousand people. So, it's obviously going to interact. It's going to get different data and some ads will perform great and some ads won't perform well. So, I typically with the CBO scaling method at $100 a day, can be $50 a day, whatever you're comfortable with, do two to three adsets, but they all have that same winning creative. So, every time I get a new winning creative, I just repeat this process. So, the more winning ads you have, the more you're going to be able to scale.

  Top Comments:
  1. @elliesantini1859 [1 likes]: Love the way he explains things
  2. @Chuckichanly [1 likes]: Ethan do you recommend CBO for scaling the winner ads???? It's way more practical Bcus it adjusts automatically but every time I make a CBO it doesn't perform
  3. @HaleyMcDonald-u1k: Does raising and dropping budget that often reset learning?
  4. @meseriasilacheie: pookie
  5. @Ashton_marketing: Raising budget every single day? are you kidding me. Na.
  6. @user-mt6vb9hx2s: POOKIE
  7. @ganesh-td6jr: pookie
  8. @romainrivet535: POOKIE
  9. @dbright2552: Pookie
  10. @alicelove1: Pookie
  11. @JediaelPersadsingh: Pookie
  12. @didie9148: POOKIE
  13. @yannirazoki6926: Pookie
  14. @PickerlickerMicker: Pookie
  15. @br.33ze: pookie
  16. @acehideable: Pookie
  17. @sezyofc3093: Dead internet theory is real
  18. @shatt3: Poooookie ❤
  19. @maggiefrye-mose1888: pookie
  20. @daytonnguyen: pookie

- How To DOMINATE Facebook Ads With A Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: hi जब मैंने पहली बार कोचिंग शुरू की और लोगों को सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने में मदद की, तब हमने अपना पहला सफल छह आंकड़ा व्यवसाय बनाया, बहुत सारे लोग हमारे पास आए जिनके पास दुनिया में सबसे बड़े बजट नहीं थे, उनके पास बहुत छोटे बजट थे और हम वास्तव में फेसबुक विज्ञापनों पर केवल $ 5 प्रति दिन खर्च करके भी बहुत से लोगों को सफलता प्राप्त करने में मदद करने में सक्षम थे, इसलिए इस वीडियो में मैं आपको फेसबुक विज्ञापनों को लाभप्रद रूप से चलाने और वास्तव में अच्छा पैसा कमाने का एक प्रभावी तरीका दिखाने जा रहा हूं, भले ही आपका बजट बहुत छोटा हो, सबसे आम सवाल जो मुझे तब मिलता है। फ़ेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने की बात आती है, अरे मेरा बजट क्या होना चाहिए, शुरू करने के लिए एक अच्छा दैनिक बजट क्या है, अब रणनीति में जाने से पहले हमें सबसे पहले यह परिभाषित करना होगा कि एक छोटा बजट क्या है, एक छोटा बजट, फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के लिए प्रति दिन $ 50 से कम कुछ भी है, तो इसका मतलब यह है कि आपके पास अपने फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के लिए लगभग $ 1,400 प्रति माह का बजट है और ईमानदारी से जो कोई भी फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के साथ शुरुआत कर रहा है, जिसने पहले कभी विज्ञापन नहीं चलाए हैं या उसके पास वास्तव में कोई बड़ा व्यवसाय नहीं है, मैं शुरू करने की सलाह दूंगा। छोटे बजट का कारण यह है कि आप नहीं जानते कि आपके लिए क्या काम करेगा, यह पता लगाने के लिए हमें परीक्षण करना होगा और देखना होगा कि सबसे अच्छा क्या काम करेगा, इसलिए मैं हर किसी को सलाह देता हूं कि फेसबुक विज्ञापन पर प्रतिदिन हजारों और हजारों डॉलर खर्च करने से पहले छोटे बजट से शुरुआत करें । यदि आप छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे हैं तो वास्तव में त्रुटि के लिए बहुत अधिक जगह नहीं है यदि आप फेसबुक विज्ञापन चलाने में सफल होना चाहते हैं, तो पहली चीज जो मैं आपको करने की सलाह देता हूं वह फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी पर जाएं फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी वास्तव में एक अच्छी जगह है आप अपने प्रतिस्पर्धियों की जासूसी करने के लिए जा सकते हैं, आप ऐसे किसी भी व्यवसाय की खोज कर सकते हैं जो वहां फेसबुक विज्ञापन चला रहा हो और फेसबुक आपको वे विज्ञापन दिखाएगा जो वे वर्तमान में चला रहे हैं, जब छोटे बजट की बात आती है तो आपके पास त्रुटि की सीमित गुंजाइश होती है, इसलिए फेसबुक विज्ञापन लाइब्रेरी आपके प्रतिस्पर्धियों की जासूसी करने और उनके द्वारा अभी चलाए जा रहे विज्ञापनों को देखने का एक शानदार तरीका है, जब विज्ञापनों की बात आती है तो यहां एक युक्ति है लाइब्रेरी मैं आपको उन विज्ञापनों पर वापस जाने की सलाह देता हूं जो सबसे लंबे समय से चल रहे हैं, इससे आपको पता चल जाएगा कि वे उनके सबसे सफल विज्ञापन हैं क्योंकि यदि वे लंबे समय से चल रहे हैं, इसका मतलब है कि वे आज भी काम कर रहे हैं, इसलिए आप जो करना चाहते हैं, उसी प्रकार के दृश्य का उपयोग करें जो वे अपने विज्ञापनों के लिए उपयोग कर रहे हैं और कुछ इसी तरह का निर्माण करें, आप उस वीडियो के हुक को देखना चाहते हैं जिसका वे उपयोग करते हैं, आप उस विज्ञापन की प्रतिलिपि को देखना चाहते हैं जिसे उन्होंने वीडियो में उपयोग किया है, क्योंकि यह विज्ञापन उनके लिए काम कर रहा है, इसलिए आप यहां पहिये को फिर से आविष्कार नहीं करना चाहते हैं, हमारे पास खर्च करने के लिए बहुत अधिक पैसा नहीं है, इसलिए जब हमने अपना पहला सफल ब्रांड शुरू किया था, तब आप उस पहिये को फिर से आविष्कार नहीं करना चाहते हैं। हमने बहुत कुछ किया, हमने देखा कि हमारे प्रतिस्पर्धी क्या कर रहे थे, हमने देखा कि हमारे प्रतिस्पर्धी क्या कर रहे थे, हमने वीडियो की शैली को देखा जो वे उपयोग कर रहे थे और हमने बस वही दोहराया जो वे कर रहे थे, हमने इसे बिल्कुल कॉपी नहीं किया, लेकिन हमने वीडियो के कुछ तत्वों का उपयोग किया जिनके बारे में हमें पता था कि वे सबसे अच्छा प्रदर्शन करने वाले थे और हमने इसे अपने छात्रों को भी सिखाया और उन्होंने इसमें भी बहुत अच्छा करना शुरू कर दिया, अभी यहां टिप नंबर दो है, आमतौर पर जब फेसबुक विज्ञापनों का परीक्षण करने और चलाने की बात आती है, तो हम कई अलग-अलग चर का परीक्षण विभाजित करना पसंद करते हैं, जिसका अर्थ है कि हमारे पास कई विज्ञापन हो सकते हैं। एक अभियान में सेट , हमारे पास एक अभियान में कई विज्ञापन हो सकते हैं, हम अलग-अलग वीडियो और चित्रों का एक समूह विभाजित कर सकते हैं, जब फेसबुक और इंस्टाग्राम विज्ञापन चलाने की बात आती है तो हम उनमें से बहुत सी चीजें कर सकते हैं, लेकिन जब आप छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे हैं और आपके पास त्रुटि के लिए बहुत अधिक जगह नहीं है, तो यह बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है कि बहुत अधिक परीक्षण न करें, ठीक है इसका कारण यह है कि मान लें कि आप प्रति दिन 25 डॉलर कर रहे हैं और आप 10 अलग-अलग क्रिएटिव की तरह विभाजित परीक्षण कर रहे हैं, फेसबुक उस $ 25 प्रति दिन के बजट को उन विशेष लोगों के बीच वितरित करने जा रहा है। क्रिएटिव और यह आपको परिणामों तक जल्दी पहुंचने की अनुमति नहीं देगा क्योंकि फेसबुक इस क्रिएटिव के लिए $2 और इस क्रिएटिव के लिए प्रति दिन $3 खर्च कर सकता है और यदि आप परिणामों तक जल्दी पहुंचना चाहते हैं तो यह आपको बहुत परेशान करेगा और परिणाम उतनी जल्दी नहीं आने वाले हैं जितना आप चाहते हैं कि वे आएं इसलिए मैं सीधे इस पर जाने की सलाह देता हूं और अधिक से अधिक यदि आपके पास बहुत छोटा बजट है तो मैं शायद दो क्रिएटिव को विभाजित परीक्षण करने की सलाह दूंगा। मैक्स में मैंने जो सबसे बड़ी गलतियाँ देखी हैं, उनमें से एक यह है कि विज्ञापन के लिए नए लोग यह करते हैं कि उनके पास एक दिन का बजट 10 डॉलर होगा और वे परीक्षण को 10 अलग-अलग क्रिएटिव में विभाजित करेंगे और होता यह है कि आप अंततः उन परिणामों तक पहुंच जाएंगे, लेकिन आपको उन परिणामों तक पहुंचने में बहुत अधिक समय लगेगा क्योंकि फेसबुक वास्तव में आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जा रहे प्रत्येक क्रिएटिव को कम और कम कर रहा है, उदाहरण के लिए मान लें कि आपके पास पांच वीडियो हैं, फेसबुक उस $ 10 प्रतिदिन के बजट को लेने जा रहा है और वे आवंटित कर सकते हैं। प्रत्येक वीडियो के लिए प्रति दिन $2, जब आप अपने बजट को इस तरह फैलाते हैं तो आपके लिए जल्दी से परिणाम प्राप्त करना बहुत कठिन हो जाता है, एक बार जब आप कुछ आकर्षण हासिल करना शुरू कर देते हैं और कुछ बिक्री प्राप्त करते हैं और कुछ पैसे कमाते हैं, तब आप अधिक विभाजित परीक्षण शुरू कर सकते हैं, लेकिन जब आप शुरू करते हैं और आपके पास काम करने के लिए बहुत अधिक बजट नहीं होता है, तो आपको क्रिएटिव, एडेट्स, विज्ञापनों के बारे में बहुत जानबूझकर रहना होगा, जब आप फेसबुक विज्ञापन चला रहे हों तो नंबर तीन का उपयोग करें, फेसबुक आपको कई अलग-अलग उद्देश्य देता है जिनका आप उपयोग कर सकते हैं, आप ब्रांड जागरूकता का उपयोग कर सकते हैं। उद्देश्य आप एक ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं आप एक लीड उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं आप एक बिक्री उद्देश्य का उपयोग कर सकते हैं फेसबुक के पास ये सभी अलग-अलग उद्देश्य हैं जिनका आप उपयोग कर सकते हैं लेकिन फिर जब आप एक छोटे बजट के साथ काम कर रहे होते हैं तो आपके पास खेलने के लिए बहुत अधिक पैसा नहीं होता है इसलिए आपके लिए मेरी सिफारिश है कि आप उस उद्देश्य को चुनें जो आपको सबसे अधिक बिक्री दिलाने वाला है और वह उद्देश्य वास्तव में एक बिक्री उद्देश्य है इसलिए जब आप अपने विज्ञापन चला रहे हैं तो आप बिक्री के लिए अनुकूलन करना चाहते हैं क्योंकि यहां बताया गया है कि फेसबुक क्या करता है फेसबुक किसी अन्य उद्देश्य से छुटकारा पाने जा रहा है और फेसबुक है। उन लोगों को ढूंढने पर ध्यान केंद्रित किया जाएगा जो आपके ऑफ़र को खरीदकर आपके ऑफ़र का लाभ उठाने की अधिक संभावना रखते हैं, इसलिए ब्रांड जागरूकता उद्देश्य को हटा दें, ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य को समाप्त कर दें, उन उद्देश्यों से आपको वह बिक्री नहीं मिलेगी जो आप चाहते हैं, कई बार लोग ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य पर ध्यान केंद्रित करते हैं और यहां समस्या यह है कि जब आप फेसबुक को ट्रैफ़िक के लिए अनुकूलन करने के लिए कहते हैं, तो फेसबुक आपके द्वारा कही गई बातों को ठीक से सुनने के लिए अपनी शक्ति में सब कुछ करने जा रहा है, जिसका अर्थ है कि जब आप विज्ञापन चलाते हैं, तो फेसबुक सबसे अधिक लिंक पर क्लिक करने वाले लोगों की तलाश करेगा, वे उन लोगों की तलाश करेंगे जो इसे पसंद करते हैं। लिंक पर क्लिक करें क्योंकि वे लिंक पर क्लिक करते हैं, इसका मतलब यह नहीं है कि वे खरीदार हैं, इसलिए फेसबुक क्या करने जा रहा है, वे आपके सारे पैसे का उपयोग उन लोगों को ढूंढने के लिए करेंगे जो वेबसाइटों पर क्लिक करते हैं, लेकिन खरीदारी नहीं करते हैं और आप ऐसा करने में अपना पैसा बर्बाद नहीं करना चाहते हैं, इसलिए बिक्री उद्देश्य चुनें और सीधे मुद्दे पर आएं, हम बिक्री अभियानों पर प्रति दिन $ 5 से $ 10 खर्च करेंगे और यदि हम ट्रैफ़िक उद्देश्य संख्या चार का उपयोग करते हैं तो हम उससे कहीं अधिक तेजी से बिक्री करेंगे, फेसबुक हम सभी की तुलना में अधिक स्मार्ट है। आइए छोटे बजट के साथ काम करते समय इसे अपने लाभ के लिए उपयोग करें, मेरा मतलब यह है कि फेसबुक ने वास्तव में प्लेटफ़ॉर्म में एआई बनाया है और आजकल सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापन लॉन्च करना पहले से कहीं अधिक आसान है, जब आप फेसबुक को उन लोगों की विशिष्ट रुचि देने के बजाय अपना विज्ञापन लॉन्च करने देते हैं, जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, बिल्कुल भी लक्ष्यीकरण न करने का प्रयास करें, वस्तुतः बिल्कुल भी कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं है, फेसबुक इतना स्मार्ट है, इसलिए अब यह कैसा दिखने वाला है कि आप एक अभियान चलाने जा रहे हैं, आप अपने अभियान के लिए बजट निर्धारित करने जा रहे हैं। फिर जब आप फेसबुक को बताते हैं कि आप विज्ञापनसेट स्तर पर किसे लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, तो आप वास्तव में कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं करेंगे, आप आयु सीमा जोड़ सकते हैं और आप स्थान जोड़ सकते हैं, लेकिन जहां तक लक्ष्यीकरण की बात है, इसे बिल्कुल खाली छोड़ दें, इससे क्या होगा कि यह आपके दर्शकों को बहुत व्यापक बना देगा और फेसबुक को वास्तव में उन लोगों को ढूंढने की क्षमता देगा जो वास्तव में आपके द्वारा पेश किए जाने वाले उत्पादों और सेवाओं के प्रकार को जानते हैं और पसंद करते हैं, हम हाल ही में इसका अधिक से अधिक परीक्षण कर रहे हैं और इसमें काफी सफलता मिली है। इसमें कोई लक्ष्यीकरण नहीं है, इसलिए इसे अपने विज्ञापनसेट स्तर के अंदर आज़माएं, वहां कोई लक्ष्यीकरण न करें और फेसबुक को अपना काम करते हुए देखें, यह आपको रुचि आधारित लक्ष्यीकरण का उपयोग करने की तुलना में कहीं अधिक व्यापक नेटवर्क बनाने की अनुमति देगा, इससे आपके ब्रांड के लिए अधिक बिक्री प्राप्त करने के लिए फेसबुक की क्षमता अधिकतम हो जाएगी और पांचवें नंबर पर मैसेजिंग नया लक्ष्यीकरण है। इसलिए टिप नंबर चार में याद रखें कि मैंने आपको कोई भी रुचि नहीं जोड़ने के लिए कहा था, फेसबुक को यह न बताएं कि आप किसको लक्षित करने का प्रयास कर रहे हैं, उन लोगों की विशिष्ट रुचियों को जोड़कर जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं, ऐसा करने के बजाय इसे खाली छोड़ दें, लेकिन जब आपके विज्ञापन के संदेश की बात आती है तो आप उन लोगों के बारे में बहुत विशिष्ट जानकारी प्राप्त करना चाहते हैं जिन्हें आप लक्षित करना चाहते हैं संदेश भेजना नया लक्ष्यीकरण है फेसबुक आजकल इतना अच्छा है कि यदि आप अपने विशेष ग्राहक अवतार को लक्षित करने के लिए वास्तव में अच्छी विज्ञापन प्रतिलिपि तैयार कर सकते हैं तो आप जीत जाते हैं जब फेसबुक विज्ञापनों की बात आती है तो अब विज्ञापन पर इतना ध्यान केंद्रित करने के बजाय। लक्ष्यीकरण पहलू आपको वास्तव में उस संदेश में डायल करना होगा जिसे आप अपने विज्ञापनों के अंदर उपयोग करते हैं और मैं आपको ऐसा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करता हूं कि आप उन लोगों को कॉल करें जिन्हें आप अपने आदर्श लक्षित दर्शकों को कॉल करने में मदद करना चाहते हैं, अपने ग्राहक को कॉल करें और जिस वीडियो का आप उपयोग करते हैं, उन लोगों से विशेष रूप से बात करें जिनकी आप मदद करने की कोशिश कर रहे हैं क्योंकि यहां फेसबुक क्या करने जा रहा है फेसबुक उन शब्दों को सुनने जा रहा है जो आप वीडियो में कहते हैं और यह आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जा रहे विज्ञापन की प्रतिलिपि ले लेगा और यह अपने उत्कृष्ट एआई सिस्टम का उपयोग करने जा रहा है और यह सटीक लोगों को ढूंढने जा रहा है जिन्हें आपके संदेश को सुनने की ज़रूरत है ताकि आपको कुछ और बिक्री मिल सके, यह इतना आसान है कि आजकल आपके फेसबुक विज्ञापनों के किसी भी अन्य हिस्से की तुलना में आपका रचनात्मक महत्व अधिक है और यही कारण है कि हम यह कहना चाहते हैं कि मैसेजिंग एक नया लक्ष्य है जब छोटे बजट की बात आती है तो आपको अपने मैसेजिंग में डायल करना होगा सुनिश्चित करें कि आपका मैसेजिंग अच्छा है और सुनिश्चित करें कि आप उन लोगों से बात कर रहे हैं जिन्हें आप तुरंत मदद करना चाहते हैं और जब क्रिएटिव की बात आती है तो मैं दो से अधिक की सराहना नहीं करने की सलाह दूंगा क्योंकि हम चाहते हैं इसे पहली बार में पूरी तरह से डायल करने के लिए ताकि हम कोई गलती न करें क्योंकि हमारे पास काम करने के लिए एक बड़ा बजट नहीं है, आप सभी अधिक सफल फेसबुक विज्ञापनों को चलाने के लिए इन युक्तियों का पालन करें, भले ही आप शुरुआती हों और भले ही आपके पास कम बजट हो, जैसा कि कहा जा रहा है कि मैं आगे बढ़ूंगा और आज ही यहां से निकलूंगा, कार्रवाई करना याद रखें और आप में से जो लोग तट प्राप्त करने और हमारे मेंटरशिप कार्यक्रमों में से एक में शामिल होने के बारे में अधिक जानना चाहते हैं, आगे बढ़ें और नीचे दिए गए लिंक पर क्लिक करें, हमारे पास कई अलग-अलग अवसर हैं। और आप सभी के लिए शांति के विकल्प

  Top Comments:
  1. @naijastoryrecaps [8 likes]: Wow!
After watching about 10videos on Facebook ads these few days, I never heard this part of Facebook ads
Thank you so much!!
  2. @StephencreatefunContent [2 likes]: I set a weekly budget for a 3 ad A/B test for someone I work for. I skipped the daily budget. One day, it was a Saturday, my boss asked why he had so many credit card charges on that morning. He was freaking out. I told him, I did not set a daily budget because that would restrict your audience. He seemed fine with my answer.  I guess I should have let him know that when you do not set a daily budget, the costs can vary greatly on certain days to target more people? FYI, that was my 1st Facebook campaign running an A/B test. Facebook ads are fun, until you have to explain wild variations in credit card billing.
  3. @TerenBarr [2 likes]: Hej, I just bought your course! I love it!!,,..you guys start with stem cells,..and mindset work,.. best thing ever.
  4. @christianhomeschoolmom777 [2 likes]: thanks. i appreciate your video.
  5. @SunStarA [1 likes]: But sales arent just for online ecommerce? For a local business isnt leads objective better than sales?
  6. @OshadaAdithya-bs3up [1 likes]: thank you
  7. @josephlfagan [1 likes]: this guy purposely made his transcript not available in english to deter scraping his information
  8. @GaliNeuro [1 likes]: Thanks! Great info. But I would like to see how to implement those ads, do you have any video that's actually showing how to do it, step by step? Please 🙏And I sell jewelry.
  9. @christianhomeschoolmom777 [1 likes]: what will you do that because your budget is $5, it's showing 
"0" conversion?
  10. @psypal7224 [1 likes]: No BS direct to the point. Succinct and to the point and very comprehensive. Thank You Sir. You just earned a new Subscription.
  11. @PlamennaZhekova [1 likes]: Great video!
  12. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: So no dynamic creative?
  13. @Judith-g9p [1 likes]: Thanks
  14. @ChasityStar-m3c: Very informative 🎉
  15. @Miamusicgal: Great advice!
  16. @MarvellousKperator: What a bombshell
  17. @JamesDemetro-v9w: Im doing meta adds ther chargeing me with no leads is that how it goes with meta leads
  18. @whitelions99: So do you mean 1 CBO and just test 2-3 ads in the same ad set, or make 2-3 ad sets with one ad each?
  19. @brandyhayes555: This was a GREAT video!!
  20. @viscousfnn: What if you’re trying to build followers first for phycological purposes? Would you still go straight to sales??

- Best Facebook Ads Structure for 2026 (Simple & Profitable): Kind: captions Language: en In 2026, you don't win with complicated targeting. You win with a simple structure plus strong creatives and AI optimization. If you're running Facebook ads right now but feel like you're just burning through your budget, listen to this video. The algorithm is not a problem. The audience you are targeting is also not a problem. The problem is, your ad account structure is incorrect . And today, I will show you the exact Facebook ads structure used by winning advertisers this 2026. The rules have changed. This is no longer the same battle of interest targeting that was fought in 2018 and 2017. 2026 is AI-driven. So let's break it down. simplify your campaign structure. If your ad accounts look like spaghetti, you are already losing. So your structure should only have three campaigns. So let me explain how it works. So the first thing I'll give you is a scaling campaign. So the first campaign is a scaling campaign. So in the scaling campaign you will use what is called an advantage plus shopping campaign. So this is Facebook's newest update so you can maximize the overall optimization of your ad. So that means you should spend 60 to 80% of your budget here. This is called broad targeting. Let AI optimize. So how will Coach J do it? Here I will show you on the screen. What you do is create something here and then let's call it a scaling campaign. Let's say you use sales majority. Click on sales then click continue. Then add something called um scaling to it. Okay? It's a campaign. Then let's add ASC. Okay? Scaling campaign ASC. So you can add more campaign names like what you're offering, what business is it for, what is it for? So make sure you put him in. Then here you can see the campaign budget strategy. I highly recommend this 2026 na use campaign budget optimization. Okay? It's like Facebook itself will decide and distribute based on the adsets you set later on. So here you can see what he's doing, he's making 1,000 per day. So if your budget is 10,000, Facebook will allocate it. Let's say in our budget, let's say the budget is 10,000 a day which is already huge. There are advertisers whose budget is more than that . So if it's 10,000 then 60 to 80% means your daily budget for the ASC campaign is Php6,000 per day. Okay? Here we go. So he's set. And this is one of the most important parts that you should study and don't skip. Make sure in the audience segment reporting you need to define the engage audience. You can define the people who have already been to the website. So Facebook is getting smarter. You help him find the best audience, a similar audience to what you offer. So you need to define the engaged audience here. All websites 180 days. I believe that's the maximum. and also um existing customers all website purchases in the last 180 days. Don't skip it especially if you have a website and you have a funnel for your business. So next is special adoration. If your ad is categorized in a special category, as you can see here, financial, employment, housing, social issue, make sure to add it to avoid restrictions on your ad as well. Okay? So that's the ASC campaign. Now when you go to this adset, there is only one adset listed here. So conversion location make sure it is properly set to. So here we go. Website and calls. Website and app. Single. There's the website. So this option didn't exist before. So make sure you are aware of what you should click on. So if you don't click on it, your ads will be sent as multiple calls to action or conversion locations . So as you can see here, by default website and app. You don't have an app. Website and calls meaning to say if you don't have a number, then also put the number. So here, website app, messaging destination, you can also go to messenger or a website. Okay. Next. You can see it below. As you can see here. There you go. Don't, don't, whatever, just disregard this, his recommendation. So with a performance goal, you need to set what your goal is. Maximized number of conversions. Meaning to say, um, this is what optimizes your ads for the people who are most likely to buy what you are offering. Okay? For selling low tickets best too. And you don't have a backend. But if you're considering what you're offering and you have something else to offer on the back end and you want to attract the people who most likely have money, who can pay a lot, then Facebook will try its best to show your ads to those people who are willing to invest, okay, in themselves and are really willing or have the capability to pay. So how did I know him? So recently I had a conversation with uh, Facebook consultants, they recommended this for one of our campaigns because it was challenging for us to attract those who didn't have money to pay. Yes, I bought it but on the back end it was difficult. So best is to maximize the value of conversions. Okay? Not conversations. You can try, but I can't guarantee that it will work. It depends on the business model you have. Okay? If you want instant sales, go here for conversions. Okay. So that's okay. Conversion event, of course, is a purchase . Okay? So let's buy it right away. Okay. So attribution, what do you do here? It's standard and you don't need to set any other settings here. Okay. So audience since ASC is the beginning, by the way, I'll just explain the ASC to you, ASC or scaling campaign, I highly recommend trying to limit the targeting or if you're really sure, don't add any targeting. Why? Because you already know that your ad is working and winning. Meaning to say, it will work better if the audience is larger or wider. But if it's okay, if you're not sure about your ads, your offer, your most creative, don't use the scaling campaign or the ASC setup. Make sure you put this in. So let's just skip the basic targeting of that location and also the demographics, the age. Then you can proceed here. So that's edit placement in audience control. So this is just optional. But as you can see here, our placement is already in default. Okay. Platform audience network thread. So if you don't want to be exposed to the audience network in the thread on Messenger, on Instagram and just focus on Facebook and Messenger, that's fine . If you think your audience is always or are considering or are always hanging out on Facebook. That's really their only passion. Just stay on Facebook and Messenger. But if you have an audience, you think you also have a market on Instagram, other uh audience networks which are Facebook's partner websites, um okay, you can put that in there too. Okay? Okay. So here we go. Just scroll down here and then this one is optional. You can explore that. But those filters are inventory filters. So now let 's talk about number two, which is called campaign structure. So for campaign number two, I call it a testing campaign. This is best for those who are new to Facebook ads or are experimenting with your ads here. Usually when testing a campaign with 3 to five creatives, minimum 3 to five, don't test just one creative. Your testing budget will also be wasted. It's a shame if you're willing to test ads but you only have one creative, you didn't give Facebook another option, right? So test it on a broad audience. Okay, you can test with broad audiences, broad interests, low to mid budget only. So the purpose of this testing campaign is to find the winners. So you don't scale here right away. You're looking for winners in your ads. The potential that can be scaled. That's why I mentioned to you earlier that 60 to 80% is allocated down to scaling. So that means to say if your budget for Facebook ads is 10,000, that 10,000 is not immediately allocated to Facebook ads. If you're willing to burn 10,000 a day, it's up to you. So my advice is if your allocated budget for Facebook ads is 10,000 per day, I suggest allocating at least 10% to 20%. Or if it's 10,000, 2,000 for the testing campaign, it could also be 1,000 so you still have 60% left over, right? 60 so there's so plus 1k so 70% of the 7k you're allocated so or 2,000 for the testing campaign so what's left is 60 or 80% in total. So you still have 20% of your budget allocated per day if you have set it at 10,000 per day. So now coach, where will you use that so- called 20%? So before I teach you the campaign structure for the testing campaign, let me show you how to set it up. So here you can see that we did a scaling campaign earlier. Sales continue. So, you can use the same setup here as a testing campaign, but you can also use it for whatever purpose it's for. Okay then, put your advertising budget here. There, before I forget, why the ad budget, Coach J, I want to give it to you or recommend that you control the budget because since it's just testing, let AI or Facebook decide everything. You still need to have control during testing. The number one control you can have on Facebook is by allocating the budget to specific interests. For example, advertising budget. So you can see that the budget has disappeared from here, right? That's it for the next step. So let's just click next here. This is all good. Come here to the middle. Okay. Then let's say adset number one. Okay. Then I'll just duplicate it. Quick duplicate. You can see here the number two. So ad set number two. Now, if your allocated budget is 2,000 per day, what will happen is that you will put 1,000 here. Here it is 1,000. So that means your budget is exact. If you have three adsets, you would now divide the 2,000 by three. You're the one who divides, right? If you have four adsets, 500 per day for each adset. Now your advertising budget is equally divided into four ad levels. One campaign is a testing campaign but there are four ad levels. So now the coach is the adset, okay adset level. Where is he used? The ad set is used to control who can see your ad, who you show it to. So here you have control. So let's say for ad set number one, you can target it here with location targeting. For example, Metro Manila on the other hand, Central Luzon. Okay? You can broadcast it. No targeting. Or if you prefer, Adset one, Philippines. Same, same age, same demographics. But what you're targeting here is the broad audience or broad interest. So to do that, just go to show more controls and then click on show more settings. That's detailed targeting. Then here you can put example details targeting business okay or page admin. Example um you have a campaign page admin you can target that here or if it's specific like um investment. Okay. If it's real estate, you can target it here. Adset number two, what you'll be targeting here is settings. Sorry, here are our shower settings. Then detail targeting. We can target the banks here . Okay. For example, banks are like what are the big banks? BDO, Unibank. There you go. So very broad or credit card. There's a credit card. Okay. Or want to have money, high. value sorry prepare high value goods in Philippines. So I followed BDO and prepared to buy high value goods here in the Philippines. So um, that's based on behavior . So this is a one-two combination, but you can still target just this one so you know better what demographics or interests are working. In the first ad set, what we targeted, let's just go back, is investment. In ad set number two, we targeted people who prepare high value goods in the Philippines. So those are the ones who are prepared to buy expensive goods here in the Philippines. Facebook knows that. So now since this is still a testing campaign, I can't guarantee that investment, targeting, I can't guarantee that it will work either. So it will work based on your creative then the testing process and how your ads will be optimized in the next uh 2 to 3 days up to 7 days. If you're new to ads and your offer is new, your creative is new, your business is new, go for a testing campaign before you jump down to what's called a scaling campaign. Okay, I shared that with you because the scaling campaign is important. Why, coach, did you immediately scale what you taught earlier? Because it's possible that we have viewers on Facebook, on YouTube who have watched this video and want to scale. There you go. So I'll put that first for you. So the next thing we'll talk about is retargeting campaigns. So, retargeting, these are your warm audiences. These are the people who have visited your website, viewed your videos, engaged with your page, or maybe they are your previous customers. So the budget allocation here is 10 to 20%. This is the campaign that will attract almost buyers who will actually buy what you are offering. So the analogy is with a testing campaign, just try it out. In the scaling campaign starting the lineup and the retargeting is closer to basketball. He is simple, organized and very effective. Now coach, let's talk about those working in 2026. Many say that creative is the new targeting. And listen to this. In 2026, targeting will be automated. Creative is your targeting. So now, if your ad is boring even though it's broad targeting and you applied what I taught you first, you have a good winning structure but you don't have a winning creative structure, all your ads will be wasted. So what do you need to do to make your ads worth it and perform well? There is something called a hook. There you go. And maybe this isn't the first time you've heard it. Do you understand better what the hook is? Coach, I hear a lot of hooks. Basically, the hook is calling out what the problem is for your target audience . Call out the problem. Tell me what their problem is. For example, your target market is business owners or online business owners. You are an online business owner but you still have no sales. 'Ba pattern interrupt immediately. Hey, I'm an online business owner but I still have no sales. 'Right? They immediately related. The next thing you do is to agitate that problem or that pain that they are currently experiencing so that your ad becomes more relatable. This is the next line you can say. You watch a lot of tutorials on YouTube and Facebook, but your sales still aren't growing. Make them feel like they are. Third, solution then proof. Show the results, demonstration. more testimonials. Not just claims. There must be a receipt or evidence. Okay? This structure is that powerful. And finally, the clear call to action. Where will you lead them? When they watch your ad? Will they click learn more? Will they book a call? Will they comment? So they aren't confused about what the next step is for them to take after watching your ad? That is very, very important. Before we end this video, I have some more tips I want to share with you this 2026. Number one is that there are many advertisers who run too many ads. You need to simplify your campaign. Don't run too many ads. I only recommended two, three or four to you a while ago. The second mistake advertisers make is super detailed targeting. They've already put almost every interest, demographic, and behavior they can think of in their ads, assuming that they'll be shown to people who have entered exactly the interest you entered. Which is wrong. He can't work. And changing ads every day or sometimes every hour, you change, you keep changing. Never do that because Facebook has a process called "back to zero" when learning. Okay? So don't change every day. It's okay to change your ad if you're not really satisfied with it after your first test and make sure you have a testing system. The one I shared with you earlier is the testing structure. That's the best testing system I can recommend to you and the optimizing one I can recommend. Stop overthinking. Let AI help you with the ads you create. So you need to remember that. Simplify your campaign structure, focus on creative quality and scale with discipline. Thank you so much for watching this video and I hope you got a lot out of this video and that I was able to add value. If you want more training like this, comment structure below and I'll share with you the deeper breakdown of the actual ad itself how to structure this 2026. In 2026, it's not about harder. It's not hard work. It's about working with AI, optimizing with AI is the battle in 2026. Once again, this is Coach. Thank you for watching this video. Make today a better than yesterday. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pasaguearmonmitchel306 [1 likes]: Structure po Sana for small budget 100 per day 😊
  2. @marlontv2552 [1 likes]: Gawa kapo ng fb ads sa may real estate lods at ano Best engagement or Sales
  3. @Homeboyie2023: Structure. thanks
  4. @Cheche_Rivera: Structure, thank you sir Jay!
  5. @thelaughtracktv-n6v: Structure...
  6. @gracesanpablo: "structure  " details po pls pls pls coach
  7. @pinedamichaelangelogutierr513: Thank you sir for sharing knowlegde🤙
  8. @EdizonVillegas: Totoo po ba na hindi profitable ang affiliate products sa fb ads?
  9. @Dyankustodio: STRUCTURE - THANK YOU SIR NAPADETAILED!!
  10. @LiberatoLaput: STRUCTURE
  11. @ClarityLegalGroupNorthCarolina: STRUCTURE
  12. @VENUSSANTOS-n5d: structure
  13. @danebisquera6063: Masyado malaki un budget for ads how about un 200 Php per day simple and effective po? your respose is highly appreciated.
  14. @danebisquera6063: hays napa techy ni FB ngaun. Thank you for helping us. God bless u more. Sa boosting im just using cp wala n aq ganito kiniclick sa meta ads rekta n po aq sa mismo page dun aq na adjust ng targeting audience. Ill follow your advise po that help our business more sales.
  15. @alvinyorac4831: Thanks coach
  16. @alvinyorac4831: Structure
  17. @grandevista876: Great "STRUCTURE".... Details please!
  18. @frankeeQuilang: Structure
  19. @ehlowizz05: structure
  20. @lilibethcervantes3851: structure

- "Corporate" videos are boring – We're Umault, a B2B video marketing agency: Kind: captions Language: en - Why do B2B videos always have people in a conference room with generic charts and someone writing on a whiteboard? Hey, Lou, what you writing? - I have no idea. - Don't make a normal, boring corporate video. Make a video your prospects actually wanna watch. We're Umault, click the link to learn more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Crazyguyyoi [20 likes]: Editor forgot to put the link 😂
  2. @mxstudent5528 [11 likes]: "Thisisagreatvideo!Veryinformativeandwellpresented.Thanksforsharing!"
  3. @Alex-NoLife [9 likes]: An add for this came up for me presently and my interest in a company I just learned about has never been higher
  4. @Moawiah_Jamal [3 likes]: Very lovely work!
  5. @centuryheist [1 likes]: Damn! This was good
  6. @DreiiFernandes [1 likes]: 100% but sometimes its those clients just seeking for a serious corporate video for some reason. After seeing the proposal they ban the shots that they think are too fun or creative, maybe a better way to say it is they find it "inappropriate"? or "unprofessional"? but yeah, especially if its by PR or Marketing Heads but not the boss themselves. idk its weird sometimes with corpo clients
  7. @thumbihouseYOUTUBE [1 likes]: You mean a cinematic corporate video? I'm in
  8. @Biaza_TM [1 likes]: What music is being used in the end?
  9. @robbioe [1 likes]: This was good. The algo got me
  10. @leydofilm8373 [1 likes]: Could you show any your b2b corporate videos..?
  11. @OgunniyiFeyisayo [1 likes]: Nice
  12. @上原恵太郎 [1 likes]: lols.
  13. @pettywab: I'm back to shw love again.
  14. @LavishChaudhary-wb9ul: H
  15. @WFR1Y0XX99A7: Yeap. Already ai beating these thing's
  16. @WilliamSolyphus: Bye, loser 😘✌️
  17. @QUATNEWS-k1w: 😅😅😅 that's fun
  18. @williamestrada8936: ◇◇◇◇
  19. @Jess.TheConnector: cant seem to reach you through your website
  20. @linwang-pz4he: Can you help me make a video?

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- The Instagram Game Has Changed. Here’s How To Win in 2026.: Kind: captions Language: en The whole social media game is shifting. If you rely on content to fuel your business or your personal brand and you don't keep up, you're gonna have a problem. And most creators don't realize it yet because they're following advice that worked in 2024. So in this video, I'll show you the biggest changes I've observed and exactly how to play the new content game to not get buried in 2026. Now, I know that because I'm basically locked here in my room the whole day working hands-on with creators and businesses. In the last year, I've actually helped them grow 5.6 million followers and more than 2 billion views. And what's working, especially on Instagram and with short-form content right now, is completely different from what you're used to. So first of all, authenticity is a major driving factor in multiple areas, just not the way you think. Because AI can basically fake everything right now and people are getting aware of this. And if you just look back one year, people saying, well, the AI revolution is coming for you and for your jobs and for content creators and for everyone out there. Yeah, it's kind of true in a way, but recently I've started to notice this big shift in people really repelling anything that sounds and looks and feels like AI. The show versus tell element that made people trust you in the first place, because you can actually show and prove something is actually gone. So the bar has kind of shifted from, can you actually create something, right? Because everybody can right now, to can you actually make something? Only you can create something that sets you apart. And I call it finding your own gap, right? Your uniqueness factor. Now there's actually a few ways, but basically you need to find a way to stand out from the sea of copycat creators, right? Because gurus out there, they're like, well, just copy everything that works right now and you're going to be fine. Well, not because everything just looks and feels the same. So we naturally need to find ways to make people think, huh, this person there is different, right? This person actually gets my attention points. For example, Alex Ramosi, who basically just came out of nowhere saying, well, I made a hundred million dollars. So now you better listen, right? And everybody started to listen naturally because that's something that makes him unique because there's not so many people that can say that. Now, obviously a lot of you are not going to have credentials like this and you don't need to. That's the important thing here. The easiest gap that I like to tell my clients is what I call the contrarian gap. And this is by the way, how I started out as well. Basically you want to identify, take a look at your whole niche and basically kind of call out what I call your non-believers, things that you disagree with in your industry. Now that could be people, right? Big influencers or whatever it is, or it could be ways how people do things or common knowledge that you just disagree with, right? So for example, I disagree with a lot of things these gurus talk about. For example, hook lists and just saying, oh, use these hooks, exactly these hooks because they are going to make you blow up. Just copy them. I made 2 million views with these three hooks and I can actually prove you why this is complete bullshit. And that's actually a big part of the new way of doing things, which is coming up with hooks that are sort of unique to you. So let me just take one of the hook lists that I got from somebody out there. I'm not going to mention names, but it's on my explore page. Actually, the first post up there, and it basically says $1 million hooks, whatever that means. But if we swipe right there, it gives us examples, fitness, real estate, business coach, stuff like that. Let's just take fitness right here. And one thing I see is how I built six pack apps without giving up pizza. And you might think, cool, that actually sounds like a good hook, right? After all, it's a million dollar hook. So I'm just going to use this right now. But the main issue about this whole thing is people forget that hooks are not just these words on this list, right? There's just so much more. That's actually more important. Like the first frame, right? How does it look? Is the quality even there or is it shaky, grainy? Does it align with the audience basically? And does it actually look like somebody I want to listen to? Because I could just sit here, for example, and say, how I built six pack apps without giving up pizza, right? Here in my room without showing my abs, because obviously I have them, but nobody would bat an eye because nobody would understand, right? Nobody would care. Point being, a hook is just so much more than these words on the list, right? We have text hooks, unique curiosity apps, right? All these elements there play together and they need to play together, first of all. And secondly, it also depends on the person who actually says this, right? Kind of talking about their own gap in a way, right? If I take a hook, if we go back to the example of Hermosi and I just copy a hook from him, I'm not going to get anywhere because he's just at a different stage, right? People recognize him, a lot more people recognize him and they're aware of the context instantly, What he's about and he has social proof. A random person like me, like you, doesn't have these things. So inherently, hooks that might work for creator A probably don't work for creator B. And I actually have a ton of data to prove that from my clients and stuff like this. A lot of the times they don't even work, even if they're in the exact same niche, because all the in-between stuff matters. Another way that's actually a pretty easy way to set yourself apart is abandoning the whole over polishing thing that I see a lot, especially with short form. What's really winning, and this is what Maziri, the head of Instagram recently said as well, is what I see among clients a lot is what I call raw aesthetic. Showing certain imperfections, right? Doing things that AI has a hard time doing, like picking up this or drinking tea because you're sick or having a different voice because you're sick. So gone are the days where everything needs to be picture perfect, line perfect, and feel robotic like on TV, because people are naturally coming back to skepticism with anything they see online right now. But here's the important thing. Raw does not mean lazy. It does not mean low effort content. Anti-edit actually doesn't mean less editing. That's what people usually do when they hear about the anti-edit and raw content, right? They're like, awesome, finally, right? I don't need to put in effort anymore. My reels can just be whatever, right? With my phone, without thinking of anything, with grainy video, because after all, that is the raw me, right? But that's actually the wrong way, actually far from it. And that, what you might think of as being raw authentic content will actually get you less views even nowadays. The thing that I mean here is actually intentional authenticity and intentional quality. In one of my recent mastermind sessions in my mentorship, for example, we've actually gone through this, right? There's creators where it looks like they're just casually talking, yet everything is intentional. And this comes even down to seemingly small things that are actually really important and really big, like how it looks and what it makes people feel, right? And that is going to be the real game changer, understanding that how you come across, your tonality and stuff like this. And that brings me right into the next point that will wreck your content journey if you don't do it the right way, hooks, because they don't really work like they used to. So how can you figure out the hooks that trigger your audience, right? That make people stop and remember you in a trustworthy way. And this is where the most underrated tool comes into play, that Instagram actually gives us trial reels, right? And before you were like, well, yeah, we heard about trial reels. No, you haven't. I wouldn't even call this whole strategy trial reels 2.0, because when they first came out, and if you don't know what trial reels are, basically, you can create reels and just push them to non-followers. So the algorithm finds a fresh audience for you. But when it first came out about a year ago, they were kind of used as a hack, right? So as always, people just push out a lot of them, spam them, abuse the system. Instagram has patched this obviously ever since then. You can't just copy and paste and spam trial reels over and over again, because you're going to get banned, right? Your reach will get lower. However, nowadays, trial reels need to be part of the bigger overarching strategy that you have. Otherwise, you're going to lose out. And if you use them the right way, and I'm going to show you in a second, they are the gateway to finding your gap, right? Your angles, the way you really speak to your audience, nobody else does, right? The way that helps you kind of stand out from everybody else. So here's a quick rundown on how to do that. First of all, you got to find out who the people are that listen to you, And who your audience really is. Because if you don't know who you speak to, how are they supposed to trust and listen to you in the sea of endless craters? And to do that, basically, you just need to create a vast different range of trial reels, not just changing out the hook line, or like everybody says, that's actually just a small thing, basically change out everything. Starting from the way it looks, the angles that you use, the hook frameworks, obviously, and stuff like that. These are all the things you need to start testing religiously. And then you need to see, where do I get more engagement? Do I spot some patterns, whether that's in the saves, likes, or things blowing up, right? We have lots of clients just blowing up like that, just with trial reels. And you're going to spot some pattern if you, especially at the beginning, spend a lot of time posting trial reels and nailing down, kind of honing in on what actually works. Because that way you get to basically reverse engineer what works without anybody knowing, right? The biggest fear that lots of you guys have, actually. And a lot of big creators and a lot of my most successful clients, from the outside, they look like they don't post, right? They post like once a month or something, but they're basically almost daily in the trenches with trial reels for that exact reason. Now, I talked a lot today, one thing being hooks, and that's obviously one of the most important things, 90% of what makes you grow, especially in certain stages where you want to break out. So if you want to be able to take some of these hook lists or look at your competitors hooks and actually make them your own without anybody noticing anything and really have people stop to remember you, here's a video of me where I walk you through three reels and redo their hooks hands-on in a way that forces people to watch them.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vikashphysio5 [7 likes]: Instagram reel dekh kon aya hai 😂
  2. @archiedoesstufff [3 likes]: this video had that addictive “just keep watching” energy from the start 😭 super clean editing and the creator kept things engaging without forcing unnecessary hype
  3. @heyDominik [2 likes]: 👉 Work with me personally: https://creatormentorship.com?video=-TBcCd7imv0
📑 Free 7-Day Instagram Growth + Revenue course: https://heydominik.com/club?video=-TBcCd7imv0
  4. @Jazzy_911 [2 likes]: plz share this video in hindi
  5. @Thecrazysallu: Instagram ki reel dekhe kon kon hai mein bhi vaishe ayaa hooo par mujhe english he samjh nahi araahi hai
  6. @DonkiHote-c9w: Ipweb is a reliable and convenient app for earning money online. The interface is simple, tasks are easy to complete, and payments are consistent. A great option for anyone wanting extra income.
  7. @Kksowowoso: lol i dont have trial option
  8. @dallasmomma: I dont get trial reels....how do i get them😊
  9. @SMARTCARTOON-sc: Instagram dekhar kon kon ayaa 😂
  10. @nxtttt7777: Bc jaha zaroori ha waha auto dubbed nahi hua...🥲
  11. @riyasharma8694: Instagram evolves fast—strategy matters more than ever. ipweb helps stay ahead with smarter growth tactics in 2026.
  12. @DerrickPanda: Amazing video and very much useful content. I'm very much impressed on what you showed here. There is also a website called IPweb who has also a huge community for growing social media accounts.
  13. @Pawtanic_vibes: My reel gets 70k views on Instagram and gets 3 followers while same video with 9k on YouTube brings in 20 subscribers, why is that ?
  14. @ashimamaln: Set the language to Malyalam
  15. @Suryagamer745: wow this is a game changer for my posts
  16. @animeart._JJk: thanks for breaking this down so simply
  17. @PGWINZENO: the bit about people getting skeptical of AI content hit. my feed’s full of the same voiceover b-roll now. i’m trying to keep it human, even while using Gainsty imo
  18. @Lixuyt26: i never thought about hooks like that
  19. @laliteshguntupalli1786: the anti-edit thing is wild, never heard of it
  20. @triggeredtroll6466: what is your accent?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial for Beginners (2026 Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en From starting my first agency running Facebook ads for clients over 7 years ago to today making millions of dollars with drop shipping, info products, affiliate marketing, and various other business ventures. I've condensed and simplified everything that you need to know in 2025 about running Facebook ads to supercharge your online business. I'm going to be covering why you should be using Facebook ads, exactly how to set up your account, my go-to ad strategy, how to avoid bans and restrictions, and a couple other bonus items if you're able to make it that far. So, first of all, what the heck are Facebook ads or meta ads? Well, meta ads are simply a paid form of social media marketing designed to drive traffic and conversions to your business. These ads appear in various formats from Facebook feeds to Instagram stories and reels. Meta ads are the second largest form of social media marketing worldwide, just behind Google Ads. They are the lifeblood of thousands of businesses across the entire globe. And here's the pros and cons or why you should be using them. You see, Facebook has 3 billion active users and Instagram has two, which means that between those two platforms alone, you're pretty much covering over half the world's population. And unlike newer platforms like Tik Tok, Meta has decades of data built up to hyperarget the exact customer that would buy from you. Now, on the contrary, Facebook ads are known for bans and restrictions. There's so many things you can do to set the algorithm off, which becomes a massive pain, especially when you're scaling and it shuts down your account. Now, also, the competition is fierce with multi-billion and even trillion dollar companies pouring ridiculous budget into Facebook ads. It can be difficult to compete without the right strategy. And this isn't a hands-off platform. It definitely does require constant testing and new iterations to find creatives that are going to work and actually drive profitable sales to your business. And of course, they cost money. So, if you're looking for a completely free form of marketing, you should check out one of my organic guides instead. With that out of the way, let's talk about exactly how to set up your Facebook ad account. Before you start running ads, now it's time to take care of the following. Make sure you have a personal Facebook account set up that is active and established. You want to avoid using a new account as Facebook may suspect your bot and ban you immediately. If you don't have one, simply borrow it from a friend or family member. Yes, even your dogs if needed. And don't worry, the Facebook business suite won't affect the actual account, but it definitely does help to like post, comment, and add a profile picture to make the account appear genuine. Next, make sure you set a strong password and turn two-actor authentication on to help build more trust with Meta. Additionally, it's also good practice to verify your business suite with your actual ID. That way, the company will realize that yes, you are indeed a real person and not a bot. With all that out of the way, now all you have to do is head over to the Meta Business Manager page. Once you're here, just click create an account and log in with your personal Facebook profile. Enter your business details, verify your email, and that's it. You're in. The business center manages all of your business assets, including your pixel pages, and ad accounts. Create your first Facebook page under business settings. This is basically what customers will see when you run your ad. Next, create your ad account inside of business settings again by clicking on ad accounts and then select create ad account. Now, next, when it comes to setting up your pixel so you can start to gather all of your customer data, install the meta app on your Shopify store and connect it to your Facebook account in just a few clicks. Once that's set up, you're ready to create your very first campaign. And if you're not using Shopify, most other platforms have a similar integration. Otherwise, watch a brief manual tutorial on YouTube to show you how to connect this. Now, when it comes to setting up your campaign, you need to understand that Facebook ads have a hierarchy structure from the campaign down to the ad sets and at the bottom level, the ads. So, think of your campaign as this big folder that holds your adsets and your ads. Your ad sets contain all the targeting and all the settings in terms of who your ads are going to get pushed out to. And then, of course, your ads are the creative elements shown to your potential customers. When creating your campaign, just go ahead and click the green create button and select sales. Choose manual instead of advantage plus for complete control over targeting. And even though the algorithm will do most of the heavy lifting for you today in 2025, this is our first time setting up a campaign, so we should still guide it into the right direction. Name the campaign something recognizable and easy for tracking. Next, go ahead and turn off catalog items since selling on Facebook shop has complex requirements such as holding US inventory. and then go ahead and turn on advantage plus campaign budget. Start at either $50 or $100 depending on your budget. And what this basically will do is it'll allow Facebook to efficiently spend all of your budget across the creatives that you've put in. Now, when you're setting up the ad set, you want to go ahead and choose conversions as the performance goal and purchase as the optimization goal. Set the start time to the next day at 12:00 a.m. This is because you always want to give your ads a full 24-hour cycle so customers can be targeted at their ideal time. For location targeting, set it to USA, Canada, UK, and Australia for top performing markets. And then just simply leave everything else broad to fully leverage Facebook's insane algorithm and allow the creatives to do your heavy lifting. Now, when creating the ad, go ahead and select your page and then just simply upload your creative. Skip Facebook's optimizations for now. It's something they're still working on, and in my split tests, I've seen that they can decrease performance. Go ahead and add at least two primary texts, two headlines, and two descriptions. The goal here is to provide Facebook with enough variations to split test and find the best performing combinations. And then my strategy is to go ahead and duplicate the ad set about five to seven times based on the number of creatives that you have and then just publish the campaign. Now, this part's really important, so make sure you pay attention. You want to wait at least 24 hours before analyzing any data to avoid premature conclusions. Once you have your key metrics in, you can start to analyze the performance of your campaign and see where things could be improved. A lot of this will eventually come down to your intuition and experience based on running ads before. But for now, we can stick to these helpful benchmarks. And if you're not hitting them with your ads, then you should probably go back to the drawing board and either test new creatives, a new offer, a new landing page, or a new product. Now, of course, depending on the metrics and the data that you see, that'll give you an indication or at least an idea in terms of what needs to be fixed to get better results. Now, the key metrics to track are going to be your cost per click. And I'd say a good target for this is to keep it below $1.50, which basically means you're spending less than $1.50 for every single person to click on your ad. Next is CTR, or your click-through rate. And I'd say a good target benchmark for this is anything above 1.5%. That means more than 1.5% of people who have seen your ad, decided to click on it, and actually go to your website. Next, we have CPM. The target for this is usually between $25 to $45. If you're getting extremely expensive CPMs, you might have to go back and rethink your creatives because Facebook's algorithm is putting you in a very expensive or competitive market and you're not reaching the right people. And then lastly, of course, we have rorowaz or return on ad spend. 1.5 for cold traffic campaign for physical products is generally decent. 2.0 and above is pretty good. The higher of course the better, but if you're not at least hitting these benchmarks, then it's likely you're below break even and you're probably not profitable unless you have an insane gross margin on your product. All right, so here let's take a look at a real live example. So inside of this ad campaign, what you'll notice is a solid CPM, which means that it's in range. Uh we're not spending too much on our traffic. A CPM just means how much money we're spending for every thousand impressions. So that's fine. But what we do see here is a high cost per click, which means that we're spending too much money for our traffic. And in order to take this campaign profitable, we'd probably want to bring the CPC back into our benchmark range. And what we'll notice is by looking at the CTR, because that's also below our range. If we were able to pull that up and make it higher, then chances are our cost per click would become lower and all the other metrics that follow like add toart, checkouts, and purchases would then be improved. and we'd actually have a good rorowaz in a profitable campaign. So in this case, because we have a really low CTR, we need to implement new creatives. We need to catch people's attention better. We need to drive more clicks. And once we can do that, here's what happened. With similar CPMs, but a much higher CTR, we now have a lower cost per click that's in range. And the rest of our funnel has the ability to become profitable. But again, it's super important that you wait at least 24 hours or possibly even 48 hours if you're only spending about $50 a day so that you actually have enough data to analyze and see what it is that you can improve. And once you have your key metrics in, you can start to make those informed decisions like I just showed you how to do. And then the name of the game is just keep testing a million different things. But it's really important that you only test one variable at once because otherwise you won't know what's causing the changes. So, now that you have a base understanding of how all of that works, let's talk about dealing with bans and restrictions because this part is just not fun for anybody. And I really hope you don't end up in the situation where you have a great campaign and your entire Facebook gets shut down. So, like I said before, Facebook is notorious for its bans and restrictions. You know, you could go from $1,000 a day to $0 in spend practically overnight. The key here is to stay compliant by avoiding products in dangerous or hazardous categories such as weight loss supplements or drugs. You can read up on all of Facebook's policies just to ensure that you're compliant. And the next thing that you want to do is make sure you're using your personal Facebook account. It helps if this is aged and you've had the account for a long time. Additionally, make sure you verify with your ID so Facebook knows you're a real person. Now, another great thing is to have backup accounts ready to go. I used to call my mom, my dad, my friends, anybody that I could get to give me their Facebook access just in case mine went down. Now, another alternative is the Facebook agency accounts. So, maybe you've heard this term floating around, but all it is is essentially insider meta approved accounts with flexibility in your products and immunity to bans. So, by having a Facebook agency account set up, it'll be almost impossible for your account to get banned unless you do something really bad. And generally, it's about $200 to $300 per month, plus possible transaction fees. Now, is it worth it? I'd say if you're consistently running paid ads and you've been having issues, it'll be a solid investment for you. Now, luckily for you, you can connect with me on Instagram and DM me for a trusted recommendation. I've worked with tons of Facebook agency providers over the years, and I've narrowed it down to some great options for you guys that also don't take a percentage of your ad spend. Now, let's talk a little bit about some helpful tips for scaling. You see, where I went wrong way back in the days is I was shipping out products that showed up damaged, defective, faulty, or maybe didn't even show up at the customer's house altogether. And eventually I got scammed five figures by a Chinese supplier that I was working with. And had I just worked with the right supplier networks from the jump, I never would have had all of those issues, it inevitably led to my Facebook accounts getting shut down, feedback scores dropping too low, and DMCA takedown notices on my Shopify store. So to get things right from the jump, you want to make sure you're working with the best supplier possible. Now, way back when, I would have told you to find your own Chinese private supplier, but times have really changed since then. I used to think these fulfillment centers were basically just white labeling AliExpress and charging a markup for the product, but that could not be farther than the truth. The company that I'm partnered with and have personally been recommending for the past year is called AutoDS. And these guys have truly changed the industry when it comes to e-commerce fulfillment. Not only do they have the fastest shipping rates, they also have warehouses across the US as well as China to get faster shipping to your customers. Not only do they have the most competitive pricing for the products themselves, but also for the shipping rates, but they're shipping products from their fulfillment centers in the US as well, which means that if you guys wanted lightning fast shipping for your brand, you can do that through working with AutoDS. On top of that, they triple check every single order that gets sent out for quality assurance. You never have to worry about anything going sideways with your fulfillment again. And in one click, you can fulfill all of your orders on their easy to use intuitive dashboard. And it also takes just one click to import a brand new product onto your store and start selling. And they have thousands of products currently held in their warehouses and on their database. And if they don't have the product you're looking for, their 24/7 customer support will help you add that to your store immediately. It's pretty much the all-in-one tool. And if you're a beginner, there's no better place to start because it's like having multiple employees all working inside of your business and quite honestly taking care of the most annoying parts about running an e-commerce business. The next thing that gets overlooked is a system or process for creating content for your products and your brand. You see, content is the lifeblood of your brand, even if you're not running organic and you're just using the paid ads platforms like Facebook. The way the social media marketing is is it's built off of how good your content is and how captivating it is. So, Facebook will actually push out your ads more if your content has good quality rankings, people are engaging with it, and it's doing well, you'll get cheaper traffic. Because the whole idea here is these large social media platforms make money from people's attention. The more time they spend on the platform, the more ads they can consume and the more companies will pay them so that they can advertise, right? But what happens when you're advertising a shitty ad that's making people leave the platform? Well, then they're going to charge you an arm and a leg for it because they don't want people leaving their platform. They want ads that are seamlessly blending in with the rest of people's feeds and that are also so good that are keeping people more engaged with Facebook and Instagram than ever by commenting, liking, checking out your profile, and so on and so forth. So, when it comes to scaling, you need to figure out how you can create content every single day for the products that you're selling. Whether it's hiring UGC influencers, hiring a creative director to go out and find influencers to create content for the product, whether you're just really good at marketing and you're filming all your ads yourself, you need to come up with a system that you can use organically and then take the winners and scale them up on the paid ads platform as well. Beyond that, I see a massive mistake where beginners spend way too much time on the website. The truth is, in today's day and age, to be successful, you just need to be an insanely good marketer. Let's be honest, there's millions of people around the world that have access to the same products, that have access to the same services. But why is it some brands that rise to the top? Well, it's because of their user experience and their branding, of course, but more often than not, it's because of how great their marketing is and how much they're able to get that product out there through social media and through content. So, when it comes to a website, all you need is a simple and effective landing page that removes as much friction as possible from taking customers from point A to point B. some benefit driven text, some highquality product images, and nothing spammy or scammy looking on the landing page, and you're good to go. Now, 6 months ago, my AI store builder that you could use for 100% free, it would still require a lot of things that you need to do to make sure the conversion rates are high enough and actually make sales. But today, we've fixed all those issues, and we've taken inspiration from the number one converting drop shipping theme in the world to use on our store builders. This is what our store builders look like now. And like I said, it's 100% free. will build you a website from scratch, handpicked winning products, loaded onto the store for you, and the entire thing will be ready in 3 minutes. Truly is crazy, but all the barriers to entry in the world of e-commerce has been removed, and in just a few clicks, you can have all of this set up for you for 100% free. Make sure you guys access the store builder while you can before I have to start charging for it. Take full advantage, make as many stores as you guys want. It'll be down below in the description highlighted for you guys. And that's it for the video. I wish you guys the best of luck in running your first Facebook ad campaign ever. If you want to watch an 8 hour video that I created this year where I teach everything that I've learned over the past 6 years in online business, I'd highly recommend checking it out as well as some of the other videos on my channel. Thank you guys and I'll see you in a week. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @raizzy_quality [10 likes]: the fact this has under 1,000 views is criminal
  2. @AutoDS [2 likes]: Straight fire 🔥🔥 Love how detailed this is!
  3. @yagyadeshmukh [2 likes]: Thank you❤
  4. @raizzy_quality [2 likes]: yo nathan, where's the "how to optimize your life" video? i saw it yesterday and wanted to watch it today but it's not here anymore...
  5. @N8-Dog [1 likes]: I did a search for how to run FB ads and I chose your video because I am also a Nathan and this video dropped on May 19... which is also my birthday. Seemed like a good reason to me! Loving this first video. Very easy to listen to and the material seems great. Thanks!
  6. @EmilGjerde [1 likes]: thanks!
  7. @hammadasmat3972 [1 likes]: Bro please add audio track in Hindi
  8. @nigamandvishuvloge2479 [1 likes]: hello sir i am 15year old student i made shopify store for dropshipping but i confuse how get order and how run ads 
and also supplier almost all video i see on youtube but not clear my concept sir please🙏🙏🙏 guide me sir...
  9. @Yek3-h2o [1 likes]: why it feels like bro is an ai
  10. @dustinkoop [1 likes]: Great info! but Advantage + is now default, thoughts on running this?
  11. @DEROSA-e3r [1 likes]: bro I love you'll video's 🎉
  12. @tejasg8658 [1 likes]: Thanks a ton nathan🙏🏻
  13. @lachyn3777: You say to only change one variable at a time, yet also to observe the activity for a 24 (even 48) hour period. Should we let the changed variable sit for a 24 hour period so we can have more accurate insights?
  14. @bakrsadeeq: Hi, if you duplicate the adset 5 times, does that mean your daily budget will be $100 * 5? So $500 per day?
  15. @shambhumishra1189: Hello sir 
Iam kanak 17  years old boy form india i want to become a billionaire and i also have 5 idea and now i do  business related to books.
I am waiting for your response....
  16. @brennenosterberger: I was looking to join your course but the slots for May are all filled up. Do you know when they will open up again and how much it will be?
  17. @Wrxked.: Hey i want to start droppshipping. Ive watched so many videos on how to do so i understand how to start. The only problem im having is on tiktok when i make a new a coount no matter what i post no matter how much i post i get zero views. This makes me scared to start because i dont want to invest in a product and time to my store for me to get no publicity. What should i do?
  18. @İbrahimKumcu-y6r: What do you use as a laptop?
  19. @annieknowles-huth4978: Hi guys, I’d really appreciate your thoughts on this.

Meta says they have a smart pixel. Much smarter than we are. One that knows exactly who our Customers are and when they're most likely to make a Purchase. 
They say their pixel improves over time with more data. 
Ours is 4 years old with millions in spend. But when we looked at all our Campaigns in the ad account, we noticed something worrying:

Reach — the number of people who saw our ads — is always massive. But Content Views — the number who actually clicked through to our product pages — is under 0,1% of that.
That means Meta’s “smart pixel” was completely wrong on over 99% of the audience it thought was a match. They didn’t even check out the product pages, let alone buy.

I'd love to know if you seeing similar 'Reach vs Content View" results in a consolidated view of all the Campaigns in your ad account - and your thoughts on exactly how 'smart' this Meta pixel really is.

Thanks.
  20. @DanielPotter-x4q: are facebook ads worth it??

- How to Run Meta Ads For Beginners (Meta Ads Tutorial 2026): Kind: captions Language: en If you're not using meta ads, you're kind of missing out because this platform absolutely dominates the ad game because it has the best targeting options that will allow you to reach the exact audience you need. And with Meta Ads, you'll be able to advertise on Instagram, Facebook, and even WhatsApp if you want to. And while the platform may be a bit intimidating when starting out, don't you worry because in this video I'll go over everything from what meta ads are to setting them up and analyzing their performance. So without further ado, let's get into it. All right, so let's start from the top. What exactly are meta ads and why should you even care about them? Well, they are the advertisements you see on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, and as I already said, sometimes even WhatsApp. and they're all managed from one single place which is Meta Ads Manager. Now, you might be thinking of something like Google Ads where you target people based on what they're searching for right now. But Meta is a bit different. It targets people based on who they are, like their interests, their age, location, and just overall online behavior. And the best part about it, it's incredibly easy to get started with as a beginner. And you do not need a huge budget for it either. You can test campaigns for just a few dollars a day, which is really good. And the secret sauce here is Meta's algorithm. When you run an ad, the platform goes through a learning phase, and it needs about 50 conversion events, like 50 sales or signups to figure out who is most likely to take the action that you actually want. And during this phase, performance might be a bit unpredictable, but that's completely normal as Meta decides who sees your ad through an automatic digital auction based on total value. And this includes your bid, the ad's quality, and how likely someone is to interact with it. And this means that even with a smaller budget, a high quality relevant ad can actually win the game. And the big question really is here, is meta ads still worth it in 2025? The answer, yes, it is. But your return on investment really depends on a lot of things like your strategy, your creatives, and your targeting, the offer you're making, and your landing page also. Oh, and also testing. Lots and lots of testing. And yes, you might spend some time kicking this whole thing off, but if you have something to promote on a budget, this might just be one of the best decisions you will ever make. So, the first thing to focus on is a learning. Your goal with your first campaign isn't to attract, you know, a million visitors. It's to understand what works, reach real people, and get results in a cost effective way. And by the way, helping you understand exactly what works is what Hostinger Academy is all about with lots of useful guides just like this one that you're watching right now. So, make sure to hit that subscribe button and that way you will not miss any of our future tutorials. All right, guys. Now, let's roll up our sleeves and get things set up. And trust me, it's not as difficult as it may sound. And step one of this is creating your Meta business portfolio. This is basically where you'll manage all of your assets like Facebook pages, Instagram accounts, and of course, your ad account as well. First thing you're going to want to do is head over to business.fas.com and click on create account right over here. Then just enter your business name, your name, and your business email address. Then you can just go through these steps and enter the required information to complete the setup. And that's it. You're now in. But to run actual ads, you'll need to connect your Facebook page and if you have one, then your Instagram account as well. Now, from the Meta Business Suite, just go to settings like I'm doing right now. Now, when we're in the settings, just under accounts here, select pages. Look up a page you manage via the search bar and hit add. Then just follow the prompts until you're done. You can also add your Instagram account just as easily. Just select Instagram under accounts from the settings and just follow the same exact process. And with all of that out of the way, let's create your ad account. Now on the left sidebar, right underneath pages right here, you'll find add accounts. So click add and choose create a new ad account. Then enter its name. Select a time zone right here. Choose your currency. And yeah, that's pretty much it. Then just assign the ad account to your business. And you can also add your payment info right away over here. Just follow the prompts to do so and press save at the end because we don't want anything to uh end up not being saved. And that's pretty much the initial setup that is now complete. But now before you launch your first campaign, it's really crucial to understand how Meta Ads Manager structures your ads. So there are actually three levels to this. Now the first is campaign. This is where you set your advertising objectives like what you want people to do when they see your ad. Now it might be visiting your site. It might be engaging with the post or just making a purchase. Then comes in the ad set. Now here you mainly define your audience and placements. That's where your ad will appear basically. And finally, the actual ad. And this is the creative part and what people will actually see like your images, videos, ad copies, call to actions, all that. So just remember these three levels that I just mentioned. And also guys, in just one campaign, you can have multiple adsets with different audiences for example. And in each adset, you can have multiple ads with different creatives as well. All right, guys. Now that your meta ad account is ready to go, it's time to make your first big decision, and that's picking your campaign objective. And I know what you're thinking. Can't I just boost a post and hope for the best? Well, technically, yes, you can. But if you want results you can actually measure and improve on, you'll have to do it the right way. And I will show you what that way is in a second. Now, the first objective here is awareness. Now, it's great if you're launching something new and just want people to know you exist. Now with this campaign objective, Meta will show your ad to as many people as possible who are likely to remember it. So according to the algorithm basically. Now the second one is traffic. Now this one sends people to a specific destination like your website, product page or blog for example. And the third objective is engagement. That helps you get likes, comments, shares and other interactions on your posts or your page. Now, if you want to build a social presence or community, this is the one you should really pick. And if you're trying to collect emails, signups, or customer info, the leads objective is for you. It even lets you use forms right inside the ads, so users never have to leave the app, basically. Now, another one is sales, and it's a bit more advanced, and it optimizes your ads for purchases or conversions on your website. Now, tracking the results of these campaigns is a bit more tricky, but also not impossible. You can still totally do it. And the last one is app promotion, which helps you get installs for, yeah, you guessed it, a mobile app. So, now, which one should you start with? Now, if you're a beginner, I highly recommend starting with either traffic or engagement. They're really simple, really straightforward, and they help you learn how the platform works without getting bogged down in advanced setups. So, I mean, if you want more people on your site or your landing page, go with traffic. And if you want to grow your audience or get more interaction on your actual posts, engagement is your best friend here. But now, let's dive into a campaign to see what things actually look like. So, basically, to set the campaign, go to ads from your left sidebar and choose ads manager right here. Once the interface opens up, just hit create and then pick the campaign objective. Now remember, we just talked about the objective. So just pick one here, set it up, and if you're prompted, check manual ads setup here. Give your campaign a name, and then press next. And we always want to go manual with meta ads. Now, you'll arrive on this panel where you can modify the campaign level. And that's the level with the objectives here. You know, see this little panel on the left. Here you can navigate between each of the levels. And when you're all ready to proceed to the ad set, just click next. Now, once you're there, just scroll down until you reach audience controls, just like I'm doing here. And this is exactly where you can adjust the audience targeting and aim for the people that you think are most likely to convert. And this part is super super important because even the most brilliant ad won't do much if it's shown to the wrong people. So, first up, what you'll do here is you'll define your core audience based on a few key details. You can edit the location to choose where you want your ads to be shown. You can get super specific here as you want. And you can pick countries, cities, or even a specific mile radius around your store. Then all right here, you can set the age to target people who are most likely to be interested in your offer. And I mean, for example, if you're selling, let's say, trendy phone cases, then pick something between 18 to 34 year olds. That might be a great pick. And after that, you can target all genders or narrow it down depending on what you offer. And finally, the language option here is super useful if your audience speaks a specific language that's different from the default for the region that you're actually targeting. So once you have all that set up, then just scroll down a bit and click audience suggestion under advantage plus audience. And now this is going to be the fun part here guys, which is detailed targeting. basically lets you tap into the user data to find people who are likely to care about what you show them. And you can be really specific with your targeting based on a few characteristics and you'll see them in the drop- down menu right here. So just first uh right here as you can see there's demographics. So things like relationship status, educational level, job titles, and things like that. And then there's interests here. And you can target people interested in a whole lot of different things like vegan food, you know, photography, fitness, you name it. You can even go ultra ultra specific, like targeting people based on a movie they like, for example. So, search for things that define your target audience and see for yourself what's available there. And finally, there's the last category, which is the behaviors category, and it's for the actions people actually take. Now, you'll find online shoppers, frequent flyers here, or even recent boobers. And honestly, my advice here, if you're just getting started, don't overdo it with all of these. It's tempting to stuck a dozen interests and behaviors, thinking you're laser targeting the perfect person. But when you do that, your audience gets really small and your ads get more expensive. So, instead of doing that, start fairly broad, especially with interest targeting. Pick one or two categories really relevant to your product or service and then let Meta's algorithm do the rest. It's actually really good at finding the right people if you give it a bit of room to work with. Now, one quick but super important note here is if your ad has anything to do with credit, loan, employment, or job listings, housing or real estate, social issues, elections, politics, or any financial services, you'll need to select a special ad category during setup. So, to set up this category, what you're going to do is go back to campaign options and tick the show categories button under the apply name section here. Then choose the category that applies to your category specifically. And this is because the legal regulations basically it tells Meta you're working in a regulated space and it limits some targeting options to prevent discrimination. But now anyway, let's just scroll back up a bit and now comes the big question. How much should I spend? And the good news here is you don't need to throw in hundreds of dollars right away. Really, you don't. I strongly, by the way, recommend that you don't do that. And when it comes to budgeting, Meta gives you two main options. The first one is daily budget. Now, this is the amount you're willing to spend each day. Now, if you set a daily budget of, let's say, five bucks, Meta will aim to spend just around that amount each day. Now, it might just go a little bit over or under depending on how your ads perform, but it will focus around that. And then the second option is the lifetime budget. This is where you give Meta a total amount to spend over the entire campaign. So, if you set a lifetime budget to say $100 and run your ad for 10 days, Meta will try to space the spending over time for the best results. But I do strongly recommend starting with the daily budget as it's easy to manage, really flexible, and helps you keep your ad spend in check while you learn. And next comes the ad scheduling. Now, you can choose to run your campaign continuously or set a start and end date. Now, if you're just testing or let's say running a promo, definitely set an end date because no one wants a random ad draining their card 6 months from now because they forgot it existed. And here's a little pro tip, by the way. Always check your time zone settings before you launch your ads because meta runs on the time zone you set in your ad account. So, your campaign might just start or end earlier than you expect if that is off. All right, guys. Now, let's move on. So, what you're going to do next first, just scroll down to placements here. Now, Meta owns a lot of real estate on the internet, like Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, WhatsApp, and your ad can show up in all kinds of places across all of those platforms. But just before you start freaking out and micromanaging everything, let me introduce you to your new best friend as a beginner, which is Advantage Plus Placements. This option lets Meta decide the best places to show your ad. based on performance. So, you set your goal and Meta's algorithm finds the most effective placements to help you hit it. Basically, in short, it's the autopilot option. And honestly, it works really well for most beginners. I mean, there's a lot of potential places your ad might be shown in, like the Facebook or Instagram feed or reals or instream content, and you know, so on. There's literally a million places. So, in a nutshell, Advantage Plus Placements takes the guesswork out and gives you better reach and often for much less money as well. So, you can enable that by just hitting edit and checking the circle right here. But if you do do this, however, do pay attention to your assets since they'll be showing up as different placements. So, make sure your creatives don't get super distorted to fit a certain resolution or image size. And also, meanwhile, if you've got more experience or really specific goals, like only targeting Instagram users, you can manually choose your placements as well. You don't have to do the that option that I showed earlier. This basically lets you fine-tune where your ad appears. But do have a heads up here. Narrowing your placements too much can sometimes increase your costs. Now, Meta's algorithm loves flexibility, basically. And the cool thing is Meta even gives special treatment to vertical video in these placements. So if you're using advantage plus placements and you upload a video that fits, Meta will automatically slot it into stories and reels for you. Now some other placements you should know about include feeds, instream videos, and search ads. Now feeds are your just classic scrollable ads, and they're actually really solid performers. Meanwhile, instream videos are YouTube style ads that play before the content people want to watch. This placement works really well with engaging, also attentiongrabbing video content. And finally, we have search. It's a newer placement where your ads can show when people search inside the meta apps. Okay, guys. Now, it's time to actually click on our new ad and talk about the heart of our campaign and the actual creative. This is basically what people actually see and is the single most important part of your whole campaign. And trust me, this can be the difference between someone scrolling past your ad and someone actually clicking on it. So now let's hit setup creative right there and go ahead here. So I mean in 2025, attention spans are shorter than they ever have been before. So you've got 1 second, maybe 2 seconds if you're lucky to grab someone's attention. So, how do you make that scroll stopper? Well, first, spend at least 5 minutes browsing the meta ads library. Just see what others in your niche are doing. And this tool really allows you to see every ad run at the given time. It's super super useful. So, definitely don't miss the step. Now, if you notice a lot of reels with a certain ending style or hook, for example, take notes of that. Then, make sure to remember that highquality visuals, they do really work. Blurry, cluttered, or overdesigned ads just don't cut it anymore. So, use clean, really crisp images or videos. And then also consider user generated content. I mean, it's everywhere for a reason right now. Ads that feel like a real person is giving a recommendation always perform way better than polished corporel looking videos. And my next tip is to really focus on one clear problem and one clear solution. Don't try to say everything all at once. Pick a painoint your audience has and show how you solve it. And it's really ideal if you can make your ad blend into the platform. Like if you're running on reals or stories, make your ad look like the content users already watch there. And make sure to grab that attention fast. The first 3 seconds of your video or visual need to hook people in. So use motion, bold text, or just a surprising statement right away. But once you've settled on your asset, you'll need to actually upload its details via the creative setup. So just enter your website name or target page and switch to the text tab. Now, this might look a little tricky here, but it's actually pretty straightforward. And that is because Meta has specific character limits for these fields and you have to just stick to them. That's all. So first, as you can see, we have the primary text here. Now it should be but can be longer to 125 characters and feature one message. Now next up is the headline. Now here just include the big benefit or why just someone should care about it. Now the description field is next and that is where you can go a little more into detail. It won't always also be visible. So add some extra information that may help convert people. And finally right over here we have the call to action. And this should tell people exactly what to do next. Keep it really short, really simple, and really actionable. But when you're done with all of this, just switch over here to the media tab and upload your creative. So go through the specific tabs to just the assets based on the format. And we'll skip these remaining options for now and just click done. And this new section will let you edit the placements, copy, and other options for the ads. So just get familiar with them here. And finally, once you're done with all of the above, just hit publish and your first ad will go live. And guys, while scrolling through the whole ad setup, you may have noticed the destination options. Now, depending on what you do, you may want to set up a special landing page optimized for your campaign. And one of the easiest solutions for landing page creation is Hostinger's website builder. You can build your website and landing pages by putting AI to the task and take it live in literal minutes. And it's not just website creation either. You can actually craft the perfect landing page easily by dragging and dropping everything just the way you want. And it you will see it happening live. So it's really easy to use. And also if you subscribe to the AI builder for at least a year, you'll also get a domain name for free. So, Hostinger website builder even has metapixel integration. So, it's super super optimized for meta campaigns. So, if you want to give it a shot, just go to the link in the description down below and use our discount code WB10 for an additional 10% off your purchase. And now, you probably heard me mention Metapixel and you're probably wondering what it is. Well, it's a bit of a more advanced ads technique, but if you are interested in finding out what it is, we'll cover that in the upcoming video that will publish really soon. So, make sure you're subscribed to Hostinger Academy. All right, so you've launched your ad and it's live. You should now follow your campaign and track its performance like we talked about earlier. So, from the campaigns tab right over here, you can arrange the columns to track your key metrics. And I'll tell you what these are in just a second. So you'll find ad reporting on the left sidebar of ads manager. And scroll down. And I mean pretty cool, right? There are so many of them, but let me walk you through the main ones. So no need to look for them on the list. They'll be visible already for you. So first we have CPR. And this is cost per result. And this is a big one, guys. And it will be visible right away. Now, CPR tells you how much you're paying to get the outcome you set in your campaign objective. So, if your CPR is going up, it might be time to tweak your targeting or update your ad creative or just improve your landing page. Just make sure you don't throw more money at it because clearly something is not working and you need to test to find out what exactly. Then, let's talk about frequency. Now, this shows how many times on average each person saw your ad. So, if your frequency is getting high, say let's say three or more, and your performance is dropping, your audience might be getting tired of seeing the same ad. But you can fix that by rotating creatives or expanding your audience. Now, we have reach and impressions, and they should be looked at together. Now, reach is how many unique people saw your ad. Impressions, meanwhile, mean the total number of times your ad was shown, including repeats. And if you've got a ton of impressions, let's say, but low reach, your audience might be too small. So try broadening your targeting. And then it's CTR. Now, clickthrough rate. It won't be visible right away, so you'll need to enable it within the metrics panel. So this basically tells you how many people actually clicked your ad after seeing it. A good CTR, and for most beginners, it's just 1% means your creative and message are actually connecting. And if it's less than that 1%, then rework your hook, headline, or just visuals. Make your ad more scroll stopping. But now, if you've actually launched video assets, you'll see a few video metrics here as well. Now, video plays is one, and it's essentially just letting you know if people actually watch the ad. And meanwhile, here, average play time or percentage watched tells you if your viewers are sticking around or bouncing just after 2 seconds. And if your watch time is super low, your video might not be grabbing attention quickly enough. So try reworking the first 3 seconds or everything else, but mostly focus on those 3 seconds as they are really everything. And that is it guys. The more you understand these numbers, the easier it is to figure out what's working, what's not working, and where you can improve next. And the secret sauce here with Met Ads is test, learn, optimize, and repeat it all over again. Don't stress if your first campaign isn't perfect. Nobody's is. Trust me. What matters is that you're learning and improving with every single click. And now, if you found this video helpful at all, give it a thumbs up and make sure you subscribe to Hostinger Academy for more tutorials that will help you grow your business online. And if you have a question about meta ads, just drop it in the comments down below. And also, if you're interested in trying out the website builder that I mentioned before, check out the video next where we show you a step-by-step process on how to build a website using its powerful AI features. But for now guys, thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HostingerAcademy [18 likes]: If you're not using Meta Ads, you're missing out on the best targeting options in the game 👉https://bit.ly/4kOyh2n
💥 Use the discount code WB10 to get 10% OFF!
  2. @WiktoriaNoga-g8w: i like that you screaming, this help me to focus :P
  3. @AnanyaBaidya-m2k: Ipweb tipson meta ads are  super helpful, thanks! 😊
  4. @adeyemichael: Thank you so much, you make everything simple...
  5. @jimmyv878: I'm having trouble setting this up, when I create a new account and try to set up the ads it gets restricted right away. Has anyone dealt with this? I also saw people saying you need to use a new Facebook account for about 2 weeks before touching Business Suite or Ads Manager, otherwise it gets flagged automatically. Is that actually the fix? Any advice would be appreciated.
  6. @BoyanG_94: Hi. Exelent video....only...that you skip the "crop" part on min 19:00 , so can you just elaborate a little bit more on that matter please. Thanks in advance.
  7. @gamerworld4839: Very helpful ip web
  8. @Chelseaboy1905-ze2uz: Very good and useful video. Thanks so much for sharing! 💙
  9. @koushikisaha: I recently got interested in meta ads , google ads and all ❤❤🎉
  10. @ShilaDas-e5l: Like the video
  11. @madya_id: I really appreciate the explanation about the 'learning phase' and the importance of the first 3 seconds in video ads. It’s those little details that make a huge difference in ROI. Awesome content❤
  12. @takeetahenry1740: Can I do all the above via my phone or is this for computers only?
  13. @IkejiakuChineye: Thank you 🙏
  14. @Teamxmhamoud: you describe every step very well i also use ip web its a great way to earn
  15. @divijjawarani: What if we want to do an existing post or reel for an ad?
  16. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  17. @RAJUBHAIYT-h9n: Great post@ipweb
  18. @cathode-kits1894: I wish i had found this video before pulling my hair out for a week, trying to understand and run ads .   The Help in the Meta is terrible, and the Ai problem solving  is mostly Useless . Also it seems full of bugs.
  19. @cathode-kits1894: Warning   !!   Scammers will try to Hack you like Crazy !    In the first 2 days  i got 4 Messages saying  "YOUR AD VIOLATED FB RULES  .. But Enter this form and Submit a Request Review" ..  where they Phishing for PW and Phone # .   Don't Fall for it  !  They almost got me, but i quickly changed my password ..Yikes !
  20. @devangakemini5538: thanks alot

- Understanding Facebook Ad Policies: Kind: captions Language: en frustrated with Facebook ad rejections let's explore how to navigate ad policies and avoid those common pitfalls hi I'm D DK digital and many businesses face challenges with ad rejections due to policy violations understanding these policies is key to running successful campaigns so what's three secrets well first familiarize yourself with Facebook ad guidelines second avoid using prohibited content or language and third ensure your landing pages comply with Facebook standards are you ready to avoid these ad rejections start by understanding Facebook's ad policies today and as always contact EK digital for more tips and subscribe for more insights

- Understanding Facebook Ads Policies.: Kind: captions Language: en Jhal Okay, so now let's talk about Facebook's chat policies, how to check account quality, some examples of these you have live tight schedule of rates, now I will tell you some exercises which you can do tomorrow, otherwise it is better for you, the rest of the hit Android and learning things, Facebook also has to do a lot in Delhi, I will sit down and tell you, you know how many hours I will do, right, so judgment is the thing which works as labor, let me tell you, I will follow some of your tips, okay, so let's start, so first of all, in any ad you have to talk, the tax should be 20% civil, and the x on which you put an image, square shape, Kinnar Squash Team, how much should it be, how much should it be, you should convert it in your mind, once again in my note box, I edited it a little and said that friend, there is waistline, there should be more tax inside it, I will show its living room, you will understand, the text should be less than 20%, that in the match, okay Ajay, one thing is that you show the picture of your stomach, you are showing the muscles of your legs If it is written then it creates a little bit of luck problem on top of it, did Bigg Boss show it, right for example, you can promote any undergarment beach from Amazon, you can keep it somewhere in the middle of the night, but if he makes it for any of his people, then he can create a little bit of Facebook problem on it, you people have to try to use good high quality images so that you are good from this point, whereas there will be a quality image robber, one of Ekadashi's, I will upload it on Facebook and do not touch it, at least 6 should be in the poison, I request, superhit video or in your image, okay, when you are using a video, then the answer is to upload the video from your domain, for the video we have the option to edit it, then it will change its Tamil there, so the maximum tax should be minimum, otherwise it will come in the same way in the T-shirt, brother, you have made some specific people in your ad, how is the kale, how is the pakora If I want to show this cream to all the carpets then you will get this thing in this way, that is, the punishment for talking to me will be applicable, how will you not target anyone, this race and things, so there is a lot of peace on it, in Pakistan, do not put white and black songs, there is a big issue on white and black, so this Facebook system will work, so it will tell you what to search for all the brothers, put such words which will increase their attitude and see, award, yoga, fat stretch, three hard rough, broking and war ratio, juice, do phone, it is different, so awards, you have to do your thing, words of different style have to be spoken, empty stomach, accident, it will just tell you that the color of your ad, if you wake up at this specific time, text this thing, by now the thing is done, this black money online promotion, you will give us your address, make money with Facebook marketing, you will not do any policy at night, then you will be your own, good, you have to use this method, then you will soon get a positive response, someone has accepted that they cannot run it on their website, put whatever you want, okay, good You have misspelled the Photoshop CS6 Photoshop image, I will not blame you that it has been Photoshopped, this matter has been done, you can also use RAW Hindus, it can work, I have already shown you the photo software * curry tree and inspector as well, along with this all these media agents can show their skills a little, you can search and do things, right, one thing happens that sometimes you are doing a wife tax, then if you use too much tax, then reduce its transparency, it will become attractive, the transparency will fall, it comes back in the background, okay, its transparency reduces, like the pizza bread policy that you have written, make its transparency a little light, turn it on but it should be readable, like watermarks, then you can use that thing, you can do anything for text, keep them with me, okay, if you are keeping something written with any tax, then behind it, I made this one over, tree square, make this a regular box, go behind your test, then this also does not have a Switzerland attack again This often happens, that is why the cost of green Shimla Bosi, which I have any channel, you will understand, well see a doctor, adult content, everyone knows what it is, if you are tied up and eating a banana then it feels a little strange, Facebook is also not a child, tight system and cottage, we know everything, okay, so you should not squeeze things, well whatever you are doing, promote it in a little way, you should launch a mobile phone, let's stop someone directly by saying this, then how can you make them poor, or one way is to talk to people with love, if you used to work in an office, then there was a way to do it with work, then you have to talk with your love, if you do not do it like this anywhere, and if you take something, it will happen, it is all technical thinking, right, if you keep remembering then you will understand, if you are not able to understand then do not think too much, but with simple examples you will understand yourself, then what is the issue, you should say wrong there, by folding the thing and losing, the most important thing is that you should know the benefits of your product If they display their products then you will get a lot of positive response or move ahead and another quantity do not laugh, look who are you talking to, you say that I am sending you the original thing, it will come from these big brands, I am not here but these big banks, like, share, dash, vote for something, then try not to use the front name directly, okay, you directly use the bank's name Meena, okay, use their sister's name Bar Ali, set a product alarm and put a different salute on it, like it [music] junior's shoes inch right, then you will keep it, write a little on it, it will come in the picture, by the way, if you find out then there will be a little fun, we will react from the website, then do not raise it, if you are talking about a big brand, he himself has taken the picture first, he has updated it, make some minor changes, those who stop him from doing so are mad.

- CPA MASTER ACADEMY - - Understanding Facebook Ad Policies: Kind: captions Language: en hey it's chris groves here this video is very important about facebook ad policy now especially in cpa marketing and you're running all these different offers and you start to run on facebook facebook is very very strict especially when it comes to affiliate offer is in any type of cpa marketing pretty much the majority of the campaigns are not going to be compliant with facebook and i'm just going to be front and honest with you but there are workarounds to make your campaigns compliant and you're going to be running y hat and still getting great results so the first thing you want to go to is you want to go to facebook.com forward slash policies /at that's their official policy guide that's going to be up to date i'm going to go over some of the big ones probably you may know this if you ran facebook ads before you can't have more than twenty percent text in the image area of course there's workarounds for that but generally speaking you're allowed to have some text in there you just can't take up more than twenty percent and the best way to do that is look at your picture and divide it into four and that's the easiest way so like for example they give you a good example here like if this was your picture okay so those are some of the big things you're not going to be a table to advertise just anything for example it's going to give you some examples you can advertise weapons obviously any type of prescription or regulate recreational drugs you're not going to be able to do any images like this you're going to want to scroll down I'm trying to think of there's any other big ones wording is very very important there's no dating ads nothing to do with especially busy busy probably the perfect example but I'm going to teach you how you guys can run biz op compliantly and we run it all the time you'll see our ads running probably i'm going to show you i can do that but go through this because this is official how do you run biz op well if you go on facebook and you start scrolling through your newsfeed you'll probably see a lot of people promoting webinars and that is the best way to promote this up because you basically get the person on your list and then once they're on your list you can basically send them anything you want you can sell them you can use really any type of wording that you normally couldn't use on facebook you can't do something on facebook like you know make five hundred dollars in the next one four hours or anything like that here's one of the pages that we ran two very simple page there's there's other ones too but it's just a very very simple page we ran this on Facebook and it says no dollar amounts I usually just try to avoid dollar amounts and anything like that like increase your you know how to make money online you don't want to use any phrase that says work from home jobs make money online though they're all phrases you'd want to stay away from so this is an example of how you can run a biz op offer and then you just have the user register and the once they're on your list you can start mailing them Melling them and monetizing the list so very simple give you another example let me pull up here okay Facebook does not reiterate this again Facebook does not and will not like most CP offers you promote keep that in mind I usually try to go for e-commerce products and I'm going to show you some good examples of what I promote because I'm I'm really big on white hat promoting the correct ways and you can still make a lot of money without having to go through the struggle of getting your facebook account shut down we've been through it just doing a lot of testing we've probably gone through I've personally gone through about 12 accounts and it's it's not fun there are workarounds even for promoting your own business opportunities I showed you an example I'm gonna give you another example let's say you're trying to promote a diabetes campaign and let's say this is a cell's offer and especially if you've read any type of Clickbank offers before you know how strict Facebook can be with those so what you're going to do what you're going to do is you're going to build a landing page offering like a free ebook I'm going to show you a live example that I've used that have actually been profitable with and then in the PDF of the e-book you can link to the offer because basically once the user downloads it there now off of facebook facebook never checks that far into the offer even when they do a manual review there's so many advertiser so busy that if your if your offer is far enough in your funnel you're usually pretty safe i'm going to give you a hint there if your offer is far enough in your funnel you're going to be safe it's just really the main page so PDF or another thing you can do if that even scares you to send the user to thank you page them then instructing them to check your email their email and once the users on your list you can mail them straight to the sales page you know you can create a follow-up series as Aaron was talking about so here's what I did I built this thing ten things and I add my ad was very simple actually I think I used an ad of these this couple right here and I just said ten things every diabetic should know was my ad copy and then I made this simple page and believe it or not these simple pages convert like crazy them the more simple your pages the higher your going to convert at and then I just made like a little you know kind of little info here over one-third of people who have diabetes have no idea they have the disease our goals help educate individuals who have diabetes live a healthier and happier your life and it's a link to an e-book so they can grab the e-book and then bam it's going to take them to an email opt-in they put in your email address and it's going to invite them to believe it's going to go to a Thank You page there it is and then here they are and it's also going to send them an email and then in this ebook it's going to send them to an offer it's going to send them to in sales offer whether it be on our wonderful network max bounty or wherever you're directing user so an e-book is a great thing to do basically anything you're promoting it has to do with pets you know just that and usually the things that convert really well is like 10 things every pet owner should know so to always do like a number five things every pet owners should know you'll get higher conversions because people like lists and then in those lists you give a little bit of value that's the key you give value and then you're also selling you're going to get really good conversions and you're building a list so it's the best of both worlds plus you're running white hat on facebook so that's just kind of what I want to get out with CPA you're going to probably have to build a landing page for just about every single offer that you run unless it's already a compliant offer such as a product that I'm going to be showing you here in just a minute so that's it with the Facebook policy is very very important to know that there's a lot of wording that you can't do especially with dollar amounts or saying you can make this much or anything type of sales pitch is usually frowned upon on Facebook but leave the official advertising policies they're going to help you out the most and that should give you a good idea of what you can and cannot do thanks for watching

- Understanding Facebook Advertiser Policies | How to Avoid Rejection and Get Your Ads Approved: Kind: captions Language: en so guys welcome back to marketing pandas Global in this video we are going to talk about few advertising policies of Facebook well guys in few videos we are going to indulge into proper advertising on Facebook right we are going to run we are going to create our ads we are then we are going to run our ads on Facebook but before that it is very important to understand the Facebook advertising policies because if you don't know about the policies if you don't know what is uh allowed on Facebook what is restricted on Facebook and you directly go into the Facebook ads creation process and you run on your ads so it is highly possible that your ad account will get rejected or your ad will get rejected or you might get suspended in Facebook so it is pretty important to understand the advertising policies before starting our paid ads on Facebook so let's understand in this video that what what are those policies what are those guidelines that we should follow while advertising on Facebook let's get into the video [Music] so guys as you can see I am in the transparency Center of metas and here all the guidelines all the rules or you can see all the policies regarding paid marketing in Facebook has mentioned here right so you can read this article basically you have to read this article before starting your paid marketing you can learn about the overview that what is allowed on Facebook what is restricted on Facebook and then we can go through the community standards then unacceptable content then if you learn about the unacceptable content then you automatically get the idea about that what is acceptable on Facebook right as you can see here if I talk about few products like illegal product or Services then misinformation if you are or your business is try to provide any misinformation or be just generally your business have that kind of nature that provides misinformation so that kind of AD might get disapproved or suspended on Facebook right then vaccine vaccine disc encouragement then discriminatory practices then if I scroll down inflammatory content and so on and so forth then we have deceptive content cheating deceitful practices unrealistic outcomes and circumventing system so you have to read all these things before starting your paid ad in order to run your ads safely on Facebook platform right I can't read or I can tell you all these things in just a video because there are hundreds and thousands of niches basically business category and I can talk about all these niches and business categories right so you have to read these policies according to your business and find out that whether my business is acceptable to run ads on Facebook or not right also let's say you are everything doing right but still your ads are getting suspended so it is highly uh there are highly chances that you are doing something wrong so in that case also you have to read this article but still if you find couldn't find any solution then you can do one thing you can take help of Facebook ad support right so this is the link this is basically facebook.com business slash help slash support right here you can tell uh take help regarding troubleshooting a disabled ad account then you have let's say your ads few ads are getting approved and few got rejected then troubleshooting a rejected ad then other issues as well so if you have any issue regarding your ads you can take help via this link also I'll be mentioning this link in the description box below so you don't have to worry also I'll be giving the link of this transparency Center where you can read this article basically this Facebook ads policy right so I hope you understood that what I want to convey to you and it is your responsibility to read this article properly and find out whether your business is perfectly fitted for Facebook platform or not right so I hope you like the video If you do so please hit that subscribe and like button and if you still have any question or Quarry please comment down below I'll answer those questions in the comment section itself and we'll meet you in the next video till then bye foreign

- What Are Facebook Ad Policies For Businesses? - Social Media Business Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en What are Facebook ad policies for businesses? If you are a business owner looking to advertise on Facebook, understanding the platform's ad policies is essential. These rules ensure that your ads are safe, truthful, and respectful of user privacy. Let's break down what you need to know to stay compliant and effective in your advertising efforts. First, all advertisements must follow the law and community standards. This means avoiding prohibited content such as illegal products, tobacco, drugs, weapons, adult content, or any deceptive practices. For example, if you are promoting health products, you must have credible evidence to support your claims. Next, targeting rules are in place to prevent discrimination. Facebook restricts targeting options based on race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, disability, and other protected characteristics. It is important to use targeting responsibly and avoid exclusionary practices that could lead to account issues. When it comes to data use and privacy, businesses must handle user data with care. This includes complying with privacy laws and Facebook's specific requirements. Always obtain necessary consents and limit data use to the purpose of your advertising. Ad format and creative standards are also crucial. Your ads must meet specific technical requirements for format, size, and quality. While Facebook encourages engaging and diverse creative formats, it prohibits content that exploits sensitive topics or uses sensational tactics. Transparency is key in advertising. Facebook requires clear disclosure of sponsored content and prohibits deceptive advertising tactics. Make sure to accurately representing your brand and what you are offering to users. To maintain ad approval and avoid account suspension, businesses should regularly review Facebook's advertising standards and policy updates. Create ads that comply with content and targeting rules and use Facebook ads manager tools to set appropriate campaign objectives. Monitoring ad performance and feedback is vital to ensure compliance and effectiveness. Be prepared for ongoing changes by adopting flexible targeting strategies. For instance, you can use Facebook's automated audience suggestions to improve your reach while staying within policy guidelines. In summary, understanding Facebook ad policies is essential for successful advertising on the platform. By staying informed and compliant, you can create effective social media marketing campaigns that build trust with your audience.

- Facebook overhauls targeted ads after discrimination complaints: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook is revamping its targeted advertisements after settling lawsuits with civil rights groups social media site is now changing ad targeting systems to try to stop discrimination in housing credit and employment ads companies will no longer be able to target people based on age gender or zip code the goal is to prevent discrimination based on race ethnicity sexual orientation religion and other legally protected categories Facebook CEO Sheryl Sandberg says the changes quote mark an important step in our broader effort to prevent discrimination and promote fairness and inclusion on Facebook Facebook is still facing government investigations over its data sharing and privacy practices

  Top Comments:
  1. @petemama5448 [1 likes]: This is just PR you can't target every ad. That's difficult. But if you want to believe you can trust Facebook go ahead.
  2. @iamversatileofficial: Who gave Facebook the right to decide what is true and not true for the world, while hiding behind the illusions of the election, to hide Facebook's crimes against the citizens of the world, by censoring our 1st Amendment right. Mark quotes "we took the responsibility to protect the integrity of the election", yet Facebook also censors non threatening and true educational speech, including Facebook's approval boost of my post, then weeks later rejects, all documented. 

Facebook's decision stopped me from  informing and sharing educational information, violating my 1st Amendment right. This action by Facebook continues to rob the public of the full history of the world. Including the history of African Americans, this action by Facebook creates a modernized form of educational slavery. Facebook's wealth does not give them the role of God, "The value of one's life is not determined by any man, for the gift of life was not given by man" IAMV.  

Facebook Censored IAMV Post, After they approved it * The Constitution is Dead

https://www.linkedin.com/posts/iamversatile_facebook-censored-iamv-post-after-they-approved-activity-6730541267626921984-Z4YM

- Facebook Advertising Costs In 2026 | How Much Should You Spend in Facebook Ads?: Kind: captions Language: en How much do Facebook ads cost? It's the number one question I hear every single week. And honestly, it's a fair one because I've seen businesses spend $1,400 on ads and generate $391,000 in revenue. But I've also seen businesses spend the same exact amount and barely break even. So, the real question is not how much do Facebook ads cost, it's how much should you spend to actually get results. That's what I'm breaking down for you today. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you're interested in having our agency handle all of your marketing for you so that we can grow your business while you run it, fill out our contact form for a free custom quote and proposal. Otherwise, for everybody else looking to figure out Facebook ads themselves, I'm going to walk you through exactly how Facebook ad costs work in 2026, what factors actually drive those costs, and how to set the right budget for your business without overspending. So, the first thing we need to talk about is how Facebook ad costs actually work. Facebook does not charge you for sales. And unlike Google ads, it also doesn't charge you per click. It charges you for impressions or the number of times your ad is seen. And this is important to clarify right out of the gates because impressions are different than reach. Reach is the number of unique individuals who saw your ad. And impressions is the amount of times your ad was seen. So, if your reach is 10,000, that means 10,000 different people saw your ad. If you got 10,000 impressions, that technically could mean the same person saw your ad 10,000 times. So, you'll want to look at both your reach and your impressions in your ads manager later when you're looking at how your ads are performing. But, it's important to understand the difference now because Facebook measures something called CPM, which stands for cost per thousand impressions. So, for example sake, let's assume your impressions are the same as your reach in this example. If your CPM is $10, then $100 will get your ad in front of about 10,000 people. Whereas, if your CPM is $20, that same $100 will only reach 5,000 people. That's why two businesses with the same budget can see totally different outcomes because your money buys eyeballs, not results. So, now let's talk about what can cause that and why Facebook CPMs vary. Why do some businesses pay $10 CPM? while others pay 20 or more. There are three big reasons. Number one is ad relevance. Facebook rewards ads that people engage with. Engagement being a click, watch, share, or conversion. Highquality ads equal lower cost, and crappy ads equal higher cost. Think of it as Facebook saying, "If people like your ads, we will show them for cheaper." Number two is audience size. Bigger audience equals cheaper cost. niche tiny audiences equals more expensive because more advertisers are fighting for fewer eyeballs. So, for example, targeting all parents in the US will almost always cost less per impression than moms of newborn twins in one zip code. And a pro tip I'll throw in here is that the Facebook algorithm has evolved so much over the last few years, it can read your ad copy and image and URL on its own and make a decision of who to show your ad to based on those things. you're actually constricting its ability to do that if you get too narrowed down in the targeting. So, not only is broader targeting better for your wallet, it's also usually better for your results. And number three, competition. The more advertisers chasing the same group, the more expensive it gets. For example, a lot of businesses like to target people by their birthday month and offer them a free birthday gift as a sort of lead magnet to capture email addresses. The problem with that is that everybody has that idea. So targeting by birthday months is usually a highly competitive and therefore highly expensive [music] Facebook ad strategy. So your costs are not random. They're shaped by your relevance, your reach, and your rivals. Now that we understand that, let's answer the magic question. What should your Facebook ad budget actually be? The truth is it depends on your stage of business and your goals. So let's look at a couple examples. If nobody knows you exist, you're in the awareness stage. You'll need to spend more upfront to introduce yourself to the market. Think of it like planting seeds. You're paying to build an audience that you can retarget later. I would plan on spending $2 to $3,000 minimum just to build awareness and a retargeting pool. If you already have website visitors or followers coming in from somewhere, you're already in the retargeting stage. And retargeting ads are cheaper and convert better because those ads are being delivered to people who already know you and are familiar with your brand. You can usually start seeing sales traction with $500 to $1,000 a month focused on retargeting. If you're selling higher ticket offers like a thousand or more, expect a longer sales cycle and higher spend. On average, people need seven touch points with a brand before they have enough trust built to buy from that brand. And that number usually increases the more expensive the product or service is. So, don't expect to spend $500 and make 25 sales. That's unrealistic. A better goal would be to break even early and then scale once you have proof your ads work. And lastly, number four, if you're cash strapped, please do not put your last dollar into Facebook ads. Ads are an investment, and you need the room to test, tweak, and sometimes lose money before you gain money. Only spend what you can comfortably risk. Ads are like fuel in a tank. The more you put in, the further you can go, but only if your car is running right. And on that note, let's now talk about why your media matters. What kind of content are you running? The answer to that question could determine if your Facebook ad costs are higher or lower. Video ads, for example, almost always perform better. They get cheaper CPMs, higher engagement, and more conversions. Static images can work, but they usually cost more per result. Unless, for instance, you're in a specific niche like photography, where people are wanting to see static images as a testament to your work. If you can test video, simple, authentic videos from your phone can beat polished graphics because they feel more real. On social media, people don't want a commercial. They don't want something that feels like an ad or disrupts their scrolling. So, the more authentic and casual and organic the video feels, the better. And the last thing I'll say about the contents of your ad is that I hope they are customer focused and not business focused. A lot of times, small business owners are so proud of what they've built. They spend their whole ad talking about their business, their team, what they've accomplished, their product features, their service features, the awards they've won, and so on. But customers don't care about any of that. The bottom line is that they care about how they benefit from giving you their attention and ultimately their money. You have to earn both with value focused content. Solve pain points for your customers that they struggle with. Provide value that will help them achieve their goals. That's what the content of your ad should be about. Now, let's talk about the timeline that actually works. The biggest mistake we see businesses make is that they blow their entire budget in one month and then quit. Facebook ads do not work that way. It takes 6 months minimum to properly test, optimize, and [music] scale. Because remember, you're not just running ads. You're testing audiences, testing creatives, testing offers, testing landing pages, and building retargeting pools. So instead of dumping $5,000 into one month, stretch that over 6 months. That's about $850 a month. If you can stretch to $7,000, that's about $1,200 a month. [music] Enough to start layering in advanced features like retargeting and lookalike audiences. Think marathon, not sprinting. Facebook ads pay off for businesses that stick with the process. And lastly, I want to leave you with hidden costs to look for that aren't really hidden. Technically, Facebook does not add extra fees, but here are things you may need to invest in to get the most out of your ads. A solid website or landing page because traffic without conversions is wasted money. Just the other day in our chat, one of our clients had a huge breakthrough in sales after switching their checkout process to Shopify. strong creative videos, images, copywriting, and if you're short on time, hiring an agency or ad manager to run it right. These aren't mandatory, but they can make the difference between ads that flop, and ads that fuel your business and make your investment worth it. So, in short, Facebook ads cost whatever you budget. But CPMs are shaped by relevance, audience size, and competition. Your budget should depend on where your business is at, awareness, retargeting, or scaling. video usually wins. And if you're serious, commit to at least 6 months of consistent spend. General rule, budget $5,000 to $7,000 over 6 months to properly test if Facebook ads will work for your business. Now, you tell me, what's your biggest challenge with Facebook ads right now? Drop it in the comments and I'll try to reply with at least one tactic to

  Top Comments:
  1. @teatevinponder7130 [1 likes]: Good to see this! Awesome! Thanks merci
  2. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadcosts2026&utm_campaign=jan72026
  3. @Pasi_fit_und_schnell_kochen: No budget for ads
  4. @Maia-y6j: You make very good and useful videos. Please add subtitles in Georgian.🙏🙏🙏❤️
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: I agree, you don't really need strict targeting on Facebook nowadays to do well, AT LEAST if you have done the proper copywriting for yourself on the AD (which is keyword rich).  Otherwise, all bets are off.
  6. @SHRIRANGPATHAK-o5s: hello this is shrirang pathak. i think i have burnt the budget on meta ads while scaling my brand. i want your guidence in this. please reply.

- Facebook Said THIS Is What They're Doing To Make Ads...Fair?: Kind: captions Language: en the social media giant already Under Fire for not protecting users shared your private information with more than 100 people broad enough view of our responsibility and that was a big mistake Facebook has been in hot water over the past couple years with lawsuit after lawsuit and if you don't know what I'm talking about I recap all of it in this video but Facebook has actually recently addressed their settlement with the Department of Justice representing the U.S Department of Housing and Urban Development so today I want to break down what the results of that settlement were and how it will affect Facebook advertisers Facebook announced that they have an update on our ads fairness efforts Facebook said as a part of our settlement with the doj representing the HUD we announced our plan to create the variance reduction system otherwise known as vrs to help Advance the equitable distribution of as-on meta Technologies after more than a year of collaboration with the doj we have now launched the vrs in the United States for housing ads over the coming year we will extend its use to U.S employment and credit ads additionally we discontinued the use of special ad audiences and additional commitment in the settlement so how will this new vrs work the vrs uses new machine learning technology and AD delivery so that the actual audience that sees an ad more closely reflects the eligible target audience for that ad so an example that Facebook gives to better illustrate this is a woman named Nora who wants to grow her tenant base and fill upcoming vacancies she decides to run housing ads on meta apps and services like Facebook ads Nora is not able to use certain targeting features such as age gender and postal code when setting up these ads so as to prevent discrimination once the ad is approved it is one of the millions of ads available in Facebook or meta's system to share when someone logs onto Facebook and the system has an opportunity to show that person an ad it has to decide which ad to show them it makes this decision by looking at the ad bid the person's likelihood of engaging with the ad and the ad quality whichever ad has the highest total value based on those three things wins the ad auction and is shown to the user once in one is shown to enough people the vrs will measure the aggregate age gender and estimated race or ethnicity of those who have seen the ad and compare that with the broader eligible audience of people who could have seen the ad when another chance to show Nora's ad becomes available the vrs will use the latest aggregate demographic measurements along with other limited information to distribute Nora's ad to an audience that more closely reflects her eligible target audience as more people view Nora's ad the vrs will continue to re-measure and update its pacing adjustments accordingly Facebook said throughout the course of an ad campaign the vrs will keep measuring the audience's demographic distribution and continue working to reduce the difference between the audiences so that's a lot of jargon to say that the vrs will essentially help your housing employment or credit ads reach an audience that more closely resembles your target audience aka the people who are likely to take an action on the ad Facebook said to implement this technology and a way that respects people's privacy which that's half the reason this update even exists the vrs relies on a widely used method of measurement called bisg informed by publicly available U.S census statistics to measure estimated race and ethnicity this method is built with added privacy enhancements including differential privacy a technique that can help protect against re-identification of individuals within aggregated data sets now Facebook had one more thing to say about algorithmic fairness but first let me quickly mention that if you'd rather have professionals handle all of your Facebook advertising for you so that you don't even have to worry about this stuff we do that for small businesses every single day so I'll put our content link below in case you're interested in learning more about that alright so let's wrap up by going over what Facebook is calling their work to further algorithmic fairness they said meta embeds civil rights and responsible AI principles into our product development process to help Advance our algorithmic fairness efforts while protecting privacy the vrs Builds on our long-standing efforts to help protect against discrimination this includes restricting certain targeting options for campaigns that advertise housing employment or credit ads for example we don't allow advertisers that are either based in or trying to reach people in the U.S Canada and certain European countries from targeting their housing employment or credit ads based on age gender or zip code across the industry approaches to algorithmic fairness are still evolving particularly as it relates to digital advertising but we know we cannot wait for consensus to make progress in addressing important concerns about the potential for discrimination especially when it comes to housing employment and credit ads where the enduring effects of historically unequal treatments still have the tendency to shape economic opportunities we will continue to make this work a priority as we collaborate with stakeholders to support important industry-wide discussions around how to make progress towards more fair and Equitable digital advertising so comment below if you run housing employment or credit ads on Facebook and let me know what you think about this otherwise please like subscribe and ring the notification Bell and I'll see you guys in the next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbadfairness&utm_campaign=apr102023
  2. @ArcadiaRugSpa: Probably wrong video to ask this question but worth a try, How do i place other companies adds onto my video's for optimum return on ad revenue. At the moment, Facebook says the following "Ads will be placed automatically, or you can choose the placements by visiting the Video Library in Creator Studio" But there is no creator studio or video library anymore so how do we CHOOSE placements in meta business suite, ive looked everywhere or can't it be done anymore?
  3. @themysticphoenix6583: Will this affect ads for physical products?

- HUD charges Facebook with housing discrimination: Kind: captions Language: en the Department of Housing and Urban Development is charging Facebook with housing discrimination HUD says Facebook is encouraging and enabling discrimination through its advertising platform by restricting who can view housing related ads the department says it is seeking appropriate relief for the harm it says Facebook has caused Facebook has not yet commented on that charge you

  Top Comments:
  1. @YorickReturns [4 likes]: Trump is a sexy social justice warrior!
  2. @kornpop4887 [1 likes]: How does FB allow landlords, law enforcement, banks, insurers, and medical suppliers to  approve or disapprove any social credit related activity?
  3. @SharonCreamer671956 [1 likes]: One says HUD suing, the other says Trump Administration.  According to the suits first complaint -- we can't have housing for healthy people?  It specifically states: As described above, Respondent discriminated by making dwellings unavailable because of race, color, religion, sex, familial status, national origin or disability. 42 U.S.C. § 3604(a), (f)(1); 24 C.F.R. § 100.50(b)(1), (3); 24 C.F.R. § 100.60(a); 24 C.F.R. § 100.70(b); 24 C.F.R. § 100.202(a). 22.
 Keying in on just the disability -- that is a wide range -- we can't have housing for healthy people?   Also, shouldn't this be an FBI issue?  And, if found guilty, they should be charged or not charged; then they would be open to be sued if charged.  And/or, jailed, fined, etc..

- Does Facebook Violate The Fair Housing Act? | TheREsource.tv: Kind: captions Language: en so I'm going to attempt to tiptoe into a very sensitive topic and some of you guys might say dude leave it alone and I'm not going to because yeah it is sensitive and it may anger some folks but we need to discuss this as an industry let me bring you up to speed HUD is not happy with Facebook's ad targeting platform if you're not familiar with Facebook's ad targeting platform get familiar because it's genius and Facebook continues to tweak it and allow you to pinpoint laser focus on your exact target market problem is it's so good at hitting your target market that HUD feels like it can and maybe already is violating the Fair Housing Act of 1968 which of course is a federal anti-discrimination law that prohibits discrimination in housing related transactions on the basis of race color national origin religion sex disability and family status this is a great law and it makes a ton of sense and I don't think anyone will argue against that so what's HUD upset about well HUD figured out that Facebook's ad targeting tool could allow advertisers to try to hide housing related ads from minorities let me explain Facebook advertisers can use the social network ads targeting platform to push ads to users on the basis of their ethnic Affinity by choosing to exclude certain affinities such as African-American Hispanic and Asian-American and that's exactly what happened a Facebook Advertiser ran an ad that targeted Facebook users who were house hunting and excluded anyone with an affinity for African-American Asian-American Or Hispanic people HUD responded saying that ad was a direct violation of the fair housing act Facebook then responded and defended their position and said they're okay with the ad because it didn't have a negative exclusion in the ad that would violate ad policies so what's a negative exclusion basically if you run an ad to rent out of house or sell out a house and it says no Hispanics allowed the ad in question didn't have anything like that though they simply chose to exclude certain ethnicities when paying for their targeted ad so what do you guys think does Facebook's targeting ad platform violate the fair housing act the Fair Housing Act does prohibit discrimination and housing related transactions so does that mean advertisers don't have the right to choose how they spend their marketing dollars or they do as long as anyone can purchase their product including those that were excluded from the targeted app or does this mean that if you choose to spend money with Facebook's targeted ads you must then Target all ethnicities with no exclusions what do you guys think violation or no violation let us know down below and we'll see you guys next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Will9c [1 likes]: people should have the right to advertise as they please.
  2. @kanitareed06: I swear everything these days violates some freaking fed law 😡 in regards to ur question from the video..no Facebook is not violating fair housing
  3. @JimArmstrongField: So, does this mean if I advertise in a newspaper such as The Jewish Journal or The Hispanic Times that I am discriminating against other religious/ethnic groups that may never read those papers?
  4. @jasonbetz1963: Great video. It sounds like a violation that could be easily fixed by targeting all ethnicities.

- Are Facebook Ads Too Expensive Now?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey, welcome back to the Life Coach Launchpad. My name's BJ and I'm here every week talking to you about all the online business things that, as it turns out, need to happen in order to have a successful life coaching business. I'm a business coach. I love to help life coaches make more money, get more clients, have more fun, and to do what they love to do, what they're meant to do, and that's coaching. So, let's dive right in. This last weekend I went fishing with my son. He's in third grade and he wanted to go fishing and we've never been fishing and I feel like that's my job. My wife certainly isn't going to take her. And so we went and it was a great way to disconnect and I'm really not embarrassed to say that I had thoughts of online business and growing coaching businesses in my head. I had analogies of running ads. That was what was running through my head because fishing is just the perfect analogy for running ads. Here it is. With fishing, there's some sort of bait that we're trying to lure the fish. And that is just like our lead magnet or content or whatever the ad is running to. We want to be put something of value in front of potential clients and hope they go for it. The right bait attracts the fish attention. Just like the right content, which is both the creative and the copy, will grab the attention of the right people. Moving around to different places, fishing in different places, will show your bait to more fish. Some will take it. Some fish, after they've seen your bait a few times, will literally swim away from it. Some fish need to see it a few times. And that's all the same with an ad. Some people need to see it once, some people need to see it multiple times to either make a decision. Yes, I want that or no, I don't want that. Who your ad gets shown to is also just like which lake, which river, which stream you're in. If you want to catch trout, you need to be on a river. If you want to catch bass, you need to be on a lake. That's really the extent of my fishing knowledge. But in the ad network, I'm talking about Facebook and Instagram ads primarily, you get to choose who you're being who your ads are being shown to, which which lake, which which river, which type of body they're being they're in if it was fishing. With fishing, you can control the number of poles in the water, the more bait that's out there, the more fish that are seeing you, that's your ad budget. Upping your budget will show your ad to more people. Putting more poles in the water will show your bait to more fish. I will stop there because I'm sure I could go on and on, but let's get into the whole point of running ads and eventually I will introduce you to the most important metrics of running Facebook ads because it's these metrics that will tell you if your ads are doing well or not doing well. The whole goal of running an ad is to get more money out of it than you put in. Right? I'm sure you've heard someone talk about how expensive ads are. The question you need to ask is compared to what? If you're collecting leads at $10 each, that sounds like a lot. I mean, especially if you want a lot of leads, that sounds like a lot of money. But what if you were getting an average of $20, $30 or more back from each lead? That's the Facebook ATM. If you could put in $10 and get $20 back, as in always double your money, let me ask you, how much would you put in? The answer is all the money, right? As much as you had. Of course, it doesn't always work like that, but that is what we're after. One very important point of all this is that the ad is just one part of the funnel. the quote unquote funnel. I have a flow diagram that shows each of the important metrics that I'm about to go through, but it also shows how much of the funnel is the ad. I'll give you a sneak peek. It's this much. If you're on YouTube, you can see me making a small gesture, but it also shows how much of the funnel is everything else. It's all the other stuff that takes place off the Facebook platform. It also shows some industry benchmark values of the conversion of a new person coming onto your list to them actually becoming a client. Go to bjbbutler.com/25 to get the free diagram. This is the 25th episode. Download it now so you can follow along with it when I get to the actual metrics, which is the whole point of this episode. And the right amount to spend on each subscriber doesn't exist. Just so you know, it depends on how much the average new lead ends up spending with you. If you have one coaching package that you sell, the math is pretty easy. You spend so much on ads, those new leads end up spending a certain amount on coaching. Period. It gets more interesting as you have more things to sell them after they buy your main coaching offer or if they don't buy your main co coaching offer. For example, they could buy a second round of coaching, a maintenance coaching package, something like that. But the more the average person buys, the more you can spend on ads. It's fun. It's more interesting. It's more fun. For example, I have a client who sells individual coaching, group coaching, and maintenance coaching program. She always has individual coaching available. If someone new to her downloads her lead magnet and goes through her email nurture sequence and ends up buying, great, perfect. That's that's that's the goal. If they bought individual coaching and after going through that program, they'll have an opportunity to buy the maintenance program. But if they didn't buy individual coaching, we still have their email address. They are still valuable. Just because someone doesn't buy now or in during your nurture sequence, they still might buy eventually. They will become aware of her group coaching program when those doors open. They might buy, they may not. If they do, they'll have an opportunity to buy the maintenance coaching program after that. So there's these three programs that they can buy in certain orders and all these are ways of getting revenue from leads coming in from the ad. So once they're on their email list, they have some they always have the potential to provide some value to your bottom line, but you rarely hit a home run on your first ad on your first try. I talk about how to create a set of creatives and copy that will test to see what your audience likes. And by the way, creative is the video, the image, whatever the carousel, whatever you're showing them. It's like a a visual that you are showing them in the ad. And then the copy is the words that go along with it in the copy includes both the headline and the primary description. So that test to create creatives and copy that's in an episode from March called Facebook ads for coaches. That episode focuses on the 3x3 by two. It's three audiences, three creatives, two sets of copy. It's how to set up the creative and copy that goes into an ad. You know, it's just a really good exercise if if it's your first ad or really every ad that you put out there. If you plan on running it for a while, you want to be able to optimize it, which means you need to find which one is most preferred by your audience. But how do you know which ad is winning? So that 3x3x2, there's 18 variations. How do you know which one is winning? You have to know your numbers. I'll walk you through a few of the metrics that will help you figure that out. The look of the ad manager and exactly where the buttons are, the they'll they always change. are naturally changing every year. I mean, often more more often than that, you will likely have to configure the columns to show the metrics that I'm talking about. They don't all get shown by default. Right now, I can select a columns configuration called performance and clicks. It's preconfigured and has everything you need, but that's true. Now, you may not be true when it when you go through to do this exercise, but okay, here's what you need to know about ad metrics. The first one, and I'm starting most general, is the CPM, the cost per 1,000 impressions. That M is stands for a thousand. Cost per 10,000 impressions. The impression is one person seeing it one time. You have impressions versus reach. Just so you know, reach is the number of people that have been reached. If one person sees the if one person sees the ad one time, that's reach of one and an impression of one. If that one person sees it twice, that's a reach of one. That with two impressions. And so the CPM is a function of how specific your audience is. Basically, the broader the audience, the cheaper. The more specific, you pay more. It's really the more in dem in demand that your audience is, the more you'll compete with other advertisers for that space and that will drive the cost up. So if there is a particular audience that is known for buying a lot of stuff, advertisers will figure that out and it will be more expensive to show to that to that audience. For example, that's often true for if you're showing to zip codes with higher incomes. This is really driven by your audience. It's not your creative or your copy. I've seen this number vary from about $20 per 10,000 impressions up to about $90 per 10,000 impressions. And it really is how specific how broad versus how specific your audience is. So that's the cost per 10,000 impressions, the CPM. The next is the overall click-through rate. This is the CT. You have a CTR that's overall and a CTR that's just for the link. This is the overall and it measures your creative, your headline, and the first bit of copy that's visible before you have to click more. The overall click-through rate accounts for any click, not just the link click. It includes the more button, any reaction, a comment. You'll want to compare this number to past ads that you've run. It's hard for me to say that it needs to be a certain value because I've seen multiple values work, but if you want to improve this number, you'll experiment with the creative and the copy that's visible before you have to click more. So, I'm getting more specific as I go on. The next is the link click-through rate, the link CTR. This is how compelling the sum of your creative and copy is. It will tell you if you have painted a good enough picture of the transformation that you're offering. You really want this number to be above 2%. But of course, you'll want to compare it to your past ad performance. If you want to improve this, it is a combination of everything, your creative and copy. But if your overall CTR is good, which means that people are attracted to your creative and what's above the see more line and the link clickthrough rate isn't, then what they're reading after they click see more is not compelling. They're not being drawn into the narrative that you are offering them and your copy needs to be clarified. Lastly is the cost per link click. It's a result of cost per impressions and the link click-through rate. It gives you an idea where you may end up in terms of your cost of acquiring a new lead, your subscri subscriber acquisition cost. But this just is the cost to get someone to land on your landing page. They then have to actually sign up for your lead magnet. But if you see that it's costing you $20 just to get someone to your landing page, there's not much of a chance of you reaching your ad budget goals. You do want some people to turn away to be turned away from your landing page. It weeds people out who are not your people. That's its job. We want the landing page to be accurate and compelling, but we also wanted to repel the people who aren't our people. I think of the cost per link click as it is the final result to assess the different creative and copy versions. It is the cost to get someone onto your landing page. Assuming all versions are sending traffic to the same landing page, this is how we'll compare the different versions, how we will judge them. You'll definitely want to look at the cost per thousand impressions and the link click-through rate to understand what is driving this cost per link click. The cost per thousand impressions tells us how in demand our audience is. The cost per link click tells us how effective our creative and copy is at attracting people to click the link to the landing page. That's really it. That's all of the basics. Anyway, it's been pretty amazing watching the platform evolve over the last 5 years that I've been running ads. There used to be more of a technical barrier to just getting the ad up and running. Over time, Facebook or or Meta as the company is actually called has streamlined the process to make the setup much easier now. They give plenty of explanations in the ad manager and they have documentation available to learn how to do pretty much everything. So just knowing these metrics, learning from my previous episode about how to run a 3x3x two creative and copy experiment and all the documentation available online about Facebook. There's no reason not to run an ad if you're looking for more ways to get the word out about your coaching. Also, learning these metrics, they're applicable to any ad platform. They all use the same or similar metrics. If you haven't already, go download the free flow diagram that goes along with this episode. It'll help you put the metrics into context and where they fit into place with the overall experience of a new person coming in cold onto your email list. Download it at bjbbutler.com/25. If you'd like help getting your ads up and running so that you can tell so many more people about the amazing coaching that you offer, you can set up a free mini session with me on my website at bjbbutler.com. That's it for today. I'll talk to you next week.

- Why Your Facebook Ads Are So Expensive: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about why ads have become so expensive on Meta. CPMs have skyrocketed recently, especially now that we're going to go into Q4. If we compare this to a couple of years back, we can see that CPMs have just taken a turn for the worse. Now, a lot of people are like maybe Tik Tok, maybe let's move over to Google, Pinterest, all these other platforms. But I believe that if you do meta correctly, you can actually get your CPMs dialed in, which will lead to all your other KPIs falling, especially the most important metric, your row, your cost per outbound click, like getting people to the side. And then it's all about finding a qualified audience and get those people onto the site. I want to talk to you guys a little bit about this because a lot of my clients have experienced issues regarding high CPMs and what is causing this, why is it, and what can you do about it? And you might be thinking, who is it that I'm even listening to today? Nice to meet you. I'm Johannes. I run profit on ads.com and we're e-commerce growth partner helping businesses scale on Meta. Actually, more than 80% of our spend is on Meta. Over the past couple of years, we've spent profitably over $5 million. So, I'd love for you to dive in with us and let's look at how we can help you lower your CPM prices. So, this is why your Facebook ads are so expensive this year. If we look into it a little bit further, US Facebook CPMs have been surging throughout the past couple of years, especially when you're getting close to Q4, a lot more brands and businesses are going to be investing into it because they want that return from Black Friday. Now if we look on a average period of the past 10 years and we compare 10 years ago to today even 5 years ago just before co prices have been rising quite a lot and if you're not advertising the correct way you're actually shooting yourself in the foot. We have multiple clients when we go into their ad account and we start looking at their previous history. Um, what we start off with in terms of CPM prices, we're actually starting on CPMs that are like 50, 100, 150. And this is all if you don't have your things dialed in because CPM should should be closer to $20, especially if you are in the US with the sales objectives, you're targeting highly qualified uh audiences with people that have money. In the US, it's just a little bit more uh expensive, but that can actually be very profitable if you do it in the right way and if you have a great ad that leads to great CTR and clickthrough rates onto your site. And then it is, of course, your site's job to convert these people. Now, this video is going to break down why and what to do about these high CPM prices because I told you we've experienced this before with our clients that have had super expensive CPMs. So this is due to first of all high competition in the ad auction. The premium targeting audiences you might go to like if you target people in Beverly Hills or people in Manhattan or in finance those are going to be audiences that have a much higher CPM because they're really really valuable. Now there's different ways and no not everyone is targeting those audiences. I mean maybe you're running a fashion brand or cosmetic brand. You might be selling a little bit of a niche item, a water bottle, who knows? But there are certainly a lot of things that can also cause this. One of them is creative fatigue. If you're running creatives that are not really engaging with people and have low relevancy, also if you've been running creatives for a long time and you see a surge in the CPM prices and a drop in your row due to that, that is because people have seen it too many times, they're not interested. So in order for Facebook to put it in front of those people, it will raise the price that you're paying actually to show show it to that audience because Facebook wants to show interesting and engaging content on their feed on their reels because that is how they keep people on the platform and they keep them engaged. If everyone was seeing stuff they didn't want to see, no one would be on there. So that is super important to achieve a low CPM price. We can also take the landing page into consideration. If you have a Shopify site that haven't been updated since 2017, maybe it's time to buy a new theme, go over, have it a redo, get some CRO expert to go in and make sure that the messaging is consistent with what you're showing on site. There's just no way to go around this, guys. It's really, really important that the creatives are on point, their messaging is on point, and that it's matching on the site. really then the advantage plus uh algorithm is going to go in and find the right audiences for you. Look at this real client example that I am taking in here. We started with 100 plus CPM due to poor data. This is also a super important point. You need to have your pixel dialed in. Put it on maximum in Shopify. Turn on automatic advanced matching inside of the events manager. And I can show you these things in a little bit. If you do this correctly and you don't have fatigue in your ads and too nar narrow targeting to some crazy niche audience, you will be able to see success with this. And then that is leading to our next point with this client that we onboarded. We started off with different videos. We tried to do product videos. the creatives that the client provided us now they didn't really perform and the way that they had been advertising and niching down their audience too narrow had actually exploded their CPMs their poor data everything was really a little bit messed up so we had to do go in and do a little bit of a new refresh do a broad for a couple of days do a lot of different creatives and we're a big fan of targeting people through the creatives so that's the new way really to target people nowadays so refreshing the creatives what images Are people relating to? Are we getting any comments? Are we getting any likes? Do people resonate with this product? And continuously just testing and testing and testing. The most important thing really is to get engagement on those creatives. get people commenting, get them engaging, and then you will start responding to their comments, and you'll build this little comment community down in the comment section, which is super awesome, and it's super way to drop your CPM prices even further because it signals to Facebook that a lot of people like your ad. And if a lot of people like your ad, Facebook wants to show that to more people. So that's why you're selling dog food and someone comments like, "Oh, my food just love this." Oh, which how long has your dog been on it? Like what about the dog food? Like do they love so much? Like it's super easy to make. It's high quality food that the dog feels so much better like on it or something, right? Like if you make a question about that and then like the person will then go in and respond again and then maybe another person goes in and comments and all of these comments is just engagement and the algorithm sees it and it's going to recommend it to more people. So test relentlessly, build community in the comments. Don't narrow your targeting too much. Make sure that you're tracking correctly. Those are going to be key points to really drive that CPM price down. And if I will just go into my screen here, we're able to see here a example of this. Let me go a couple of months back. Uh and and we can and we can sort of have a look at how things were looking here. We can actually see okay $77 in CPM price. 12584 48 super expensive CPMs. I mean okay let's look in in June because it did take us a little bit to like dial these in. Here you can see 10561 right? But if we look here and and of course I mean everything else is super difficult. I mean, it's it's difficult to get all the other numbers to do incredibly well. But here, and it's probably easier to show here, if we if we take this week, you can see Roes wasn't really where we wanted to be, and it's like we're we're not reaching that many people uh for a lot of money. Now, if we do the past 7 days here, we can see 34 CPM price. We're reaching 28,000 unique people. And we spent $1,600. We have a rorowass tree we're climbing now but at CPM price of 34 and this has just been to continuously just testing finding creatives videos audiences okay what is working ad copy what are people relating to right now we're building that community down in the comment sections driving our CPM prices down even further so guy and and stay with me guys this this client their AOV is also 300450 $500 in this range. Like those are like the order values that we're working with. So, it's actually pretty amazing that we're able to get such a low CPM brand because we're targeting um people with with a lot of money. Those are our qualified buyers because they're the people that can afford us. Three ways to lower CPM. So, the creative testing guys, constant new angles, copywriting, new text, headlines, descriptions, uh angles to attack this from. Test the angles with your creatives. is going to be so important. Prevent fatigue. Go in and look at the frequency in your columns to see how many people are seeing your ads and how many times, right? Broader audiences. Don't narrow it down too much. The algorithm and the AI will help you build community, comments, share, social proof. These are things that are going to lower your CPM price significantly. I can promise you that. We've done it so many times on accounts. build community is essential to win. A couple of bonus tactics here. Watch frequency. It should not be above a three. Definitely not. It's usually a prospecting campaign. If it's below, I would say 130 140 um so that people are not seeing it too many times. If it starts to get over that, I I would classify it as like re-engaging uh customers and re-engaging people and then going into retargeting territory. So really it's important to make sure that you're excluding the right audiences. Check relevancy the diagnostics in ads manager. Improve the landing page speed and alignment with the ad. It's important that the messaging is congruent and you're not saying two different things. Use storytelling and use case driven creatives. You got to test test test. It doesn't stop after one week. It's something that you just got to keep up all the time. Guys coming to the end of the video guys. Me and my team, Profit on Ads, we specialize in fixing high CPM ad accounts and actually turning them profitable, hence the name Profit on Ads. We build scalable creative systems and test relentlessly. This is what we've been doing for years and we love it. It's our passion. We're inside of these accounts and we're taking them from $100 CPMs down to 33 and we're taking that rorowes up with it. So, let's turn your meta ads into a profit center and not a burn center. Hope you have an amazing day. Hey, if you like this video, I would appreciate it. And subscribe for more content. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @saadatzaki8211 [1 likes]: All metrics are good, high CTR, good CPC, I even have decent CVR. But de CPM is too high, and the sessions on the site are too low…. My pixel is new.
  2. @LaughLab365 [1 likes]: CPMs are 200-400 for me when I start new campaigns even with perfect creatives, high CTR, high CVR, just too expensive to start
  3. @trackingconsulting [1 likes]: Most small business owners I talk to feel like Facebook ads are just money pits. This video gives a different perspective. With better tracking and strategy, it is possible to make ads affordable again. Thanks for sharing.
  4. @thechrisbarry [1 likes]: Nice video
  5. @gunnarsnorriholm1035 [1 likes]: Interesting📈
  6. @peterfroost [1 likes]: Great value Johannes, awesome to following your journey 🚀

- Are Facebook Ads Too Expensive? 🔥💵: Kind: captions Language: en - Are you concerned that Facebook isn't performing like it used to, the market's saturated, there's too many advertisers, the cost per click has gotten too high? I've been hearing that a lot from prospects and clients. I'm Adam, I own a company called ParaCore. We do pay-per-click lead generation. And, you're right, Facebook has become more complicated and it doesn't perform as well if you're running it the same way you used to two years ago. It's evolved dramatically. There are so many more people in the marketplace. And if you're just doing the same thing as you did when you first started in Facebook, the performance has probably slipped a lot, and that's not a great thing. However, there are a lot of different things you can do to improve your performance. We have one client that was running image and video ads, just very standard type of advertising campaign, and by switching over to Messenger ads, they decreased their cost per lead by 80% in some categories. So Messenger ads, where someone can communicate with you in the Messenger platform, is a really great way to connect with Millennials, people that don't want to fill out contact forms, people that don't want a call. As another example, we had another client that was also doing just traditional ads, just running through the Facebook feed, and we were, the ask that we were making on the landing page was too big for a first touch. So we built a Facebook sequence where they saw the ad, they hit the landing page, then they got a retargeting ad, then they got videos. And if they watched 10 seconds of the video, they were taken to the next step, and it was a five-step sequence. And by doing that, by taking someone down the funnel further and showing them different ads as they moved down the funnel, it really improved the performance of the campaign. It dropped the cost per lead by around 50%. So you're right, Facebook is dead if you're running it the exact same way that you used to, but there are a lot of to improve the performance and take advantage of Facebook's new features to really decrease your cost per lead and make the platform work for you. If you have any questions, please comment below or hit the Contact button, and we'd be happy to chat. Thanks again.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndyQ8: My ad works 1&2 days then no more

- How Facebook Ads ACTUALLY Work (ELI5): Kind: captions Language: en this is how Facebook ads actually works explained like I'm five so this is you and you have a business and one day you're sitting there thinking what if the business that I had right now was bigger you're like I think that would be pretty cool you're left sitting there thinking what are the ways that I could make my business bigger and you have the genius idea of meta ads Facebook ads so you're like all right I'm going to go talk to meta so you have a conversation with meta you explain the big vision of I have this business I want to make it into a bigger business do you think you can help me meta of course obliges and says yes so you take your money and you give it to Meta Meta is very happy they promptly light your money on fire and that's the end just kidding So Meta takes your money and they know that you want to grow your business and that means that you want more people to come check out your business that's a pretty good idea because Facebook meta has over three billion people using it it is the largest platform by far it is the best place to go and find potential customers just by sheer numbers meta has a ton of people a lot of different stick figures over three billion of them So Meta is like all right I have this fresh set of dough and I've got all these people what can we do with this who should I send and meta doesn't know So Meta picks a random group of people out of their giant base of people to send to your site or send to your business now again this is your business So Meta now takes random group of people which it has some guesses they're like okay your business does X these people have liked X in the past we'll start with them so it starts sending people to your business and what do you know some people come out the other end as customers some people buy some people liked your stuff enough they liked the website they liked everything that you were about enough that they bought so what does meta do with that so what meta does is they look at the people that they sent into your business and they write that down they take note of that then they look down here and they see who came out the other end who became customer who liked the things that they had going on and they take note of that as well this process that's going on over here this process of meta watching your business watching your website watching who comes out the other end and ultimately becomes your customer that is the pixel that's your Facebook pixel the all ambiguous and Powerful pixel that's all it's doing it's literally just a stick figure with a sheet of paper writing down who became a customer because when we have that process when it has the ability to see who's on our website and who's actually buying then when meta goes back to its massive database of 3 billion people it has data and now when it's looking at this vast sea of potential customers that it could send our way it knows who to look for and it knows the attributes of our customers and the people that we want to see more of now the process of it identifying and matching up these people this right here this thing that we're summarizing with thumbs up and X's is infinitely complex machine learning learning algorithms and AI that we can't even begin to wrap our minds around even like the top engineers at meta like it's very hush hush like how this whole process happens all we need to know is that basically they take all the data that they have they find more people they find us more stick figures and the reason that we care about this is that then when meta goes back to send more people to our business they're the people that are like our previous customers so then in theory we will get more customers out the bottom because it's sending us better traffic now this only took us a couple of slides to get through but this process takes time this is the optimization period this is the process of Facebook learning who our customers are and then meta comes back to us with a giant stack of money and everything is all happy and good and we are super super rich our business grows and things are great not always the case obviously however that's not because meta is doing a bad job for us majority of the time it is something that is very much in our control something that we are able to prevent and improve over time by making some very specific changes to our business the real reason is because a lot of times we have what's called a leaky funnel our business here is losing customers throughout every step in the process so while meta yes is getting better at sending us the right people it's seeing who is shaking out to the bottom it's doing its best to send us more of those people when we have a leaky funnel it doesn't matter how many of the perfect people meta is putting in the top of the funnel for us if it's a leaky bucket it doesn't matter if we dump a fire hydrant in the top we're still only going to get a handful of people out the bottom this is the process of funnel optimization you want to learn more about this process and the things that we are able to do in order to close those leaks in our funnel then click the link over here and I'm going to take you through our seven fig Shopify sales funnel step by step and show you every page in our funnel and the changes that we make to maximize the number of people that come out the bottom and ultimately become our customers [Music] a

  Top Comments:
  1. @sensible3d406 [8 likes]: Meta is like my boss. He makes a dollar, I make a dime.
  2. @LOQUITO_CRIS [5 likes]: I'm learning face book drop ship this video just explained it pretty easy thanks 🙏
  3. @motorcyte8227 [2 likes]: Not accurate. This video fits your purpose to send people to your course, but it's misleading to say the issue is "leaky" funnel. There's a myriad of reasons why a campaign might not work as intended. Simply sleazy, used-railroad wagon sales man tactics on your end :-(
  4. @ShortsVideosASMR [2 likes]: Google has 5 billion reach
  5. @Bebevegetto [1 likes]: If you don't initially have your pixel set up, does it continuously show the  same people the same ads?
  6. @user-kf7sp1hm7c [1 likes]: Hey, thanks ! So it’s normal that at first, not a lot of people visits our website ? They are basically building the data ? How long does this period lasts ?
  7. @prayersponytails6227 [1 likes]: “That’s all folks!” 😂
  8. @yotitus: You're not actually explaining anything? Nothing you say is concrete.
  9. @GracefulAcresHorsemanship: Thank you
  10. @brickbear6296: why didn't you mention the "auction" feature of the meta process? also, why does your video look like ai?
  11. @SantaClausEdmonton: I’m really interested in your service.
It used to be very easy for me to get customers through Facebook Marketplace. Now that Facebook has restricted Marketplace access, I’ve had to switch to paid advertising.
I’ve spent over $1,000 on Facebook ads and haven’t received a single call. Most of the responses I get are from people who are frustrated because Facebook forces them to click the call button
  12. @Faithlema1: Thanks so much for sharing 🎉
  13. @Mrhookes: I think i love Meta 😅😅😅
  14. @cinidtv6384: Actually no, YouTube has more than 3 billion
  15. @Angel-r2x6s: basically give me money and ill show you, waste of time crodie
  16. @ReneeThomas-d5c: It was very interesting
  17. @Truecrimetv23: The way you explained that was legendary !!!
  18. @ShortsVideosASMR: You have said nothing. I spent over usd1000 with then and they sent me a lot of reach but not a single buyer.
  19. @cashwaller8258: Hey would someone be interested in partnering on a marketing campaign we could make $100k this month profit, let me know i need someone to run the ad
  20. @sensible3d406: Starting to think Meta has become the worst place to market now.

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- Facebook ads preparing problem solved: Kind: captions Language: en If you publish your Facebook ad campaign and you see ads preparing, this is exactly what it means for the um since the beginning of 2024, Facebook uh brought a new update. And that is when you publish an ad campaign, instead of it changing from in preview to active, it changes to preparing. So if you see ad preparing normally when they approve the advert it will be in the preparing phase. So the preparing what it what it means is that they are preparing to deliver it to your audience and it takes about 15 to 30 minute. So from the 15 to 30 minute after 30 minute you will normally see that it will change to active. So for example if I refresh here as you see it is still showing preparing. It is they've just approved it about 15 minutes ago but when it gets to 30 minute it is supposed to change to active. Now when you when your advert is approved and for more than let's say for more than 2 hours it is still in the preparing phase then it means something is definitely wrong. So for those of you that your advert is in the preparing phase for more than 2 hours then this is what you should do. First of all, come to the ad manager and click on the three dot and click on reset ad manager. Reset your ad manager. If you reset it and it still does not change, click on the three dot on your browser. Go to the settings and privacy and then you scroll to you see privacy search services and then you go to clear browsing data. Click on choose what to clear. clear the catch cookies and site data. It could be that some catch files or images are um holding or are in your browser and they are preventing your advert from delivering properly. So you can clear that. If it doesn't solve it, come to your ad campaign again and then edit something and republish it. So for example, you can come and make a slight change. Maybe you come and then you go to the placement just make some edit to the placement and republish it. Not just placement, it could be anything. So for example, I've come to my placement and then let's say you just select Facebook and Instagram leave the audience network. I mean make some change to the placement and or to the audience or to your ad creative and republish it and I can assure you that it will vanish within 30 if um the problem is solved within 30 minutes to 1 hour you will see that it will change from preparing to active. Now if you follow all of these processes and it still doesn't change after say um one day or after 24 hours is still in the preparing phase follow the WhatsApp or Telegram link in the description of this video to contact me for for help. I will help you to resolve those issues. I am specialized in digital marketing with over 5 years experience as a digital marketer Facebook, Instagram, Google ads and a web developer as well. So any of the services you need I will help you. Thank you once again. See you in the next video and bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ManUtd_Red [6 likes]: Thank you sir.
The reset Ads manager worked for me.

Really appreciate
  2. @biswavlog647 [2 likes]: Preparing status how to solve ?
  3. @ManagerDMT [1 likes]: Thank you.. reset ads manager worked.. awesome video mate.
  4. @PrepEdge_pk: Thanks bro issue resolved...
  5. @slavokomzik8207: Thank you sir.
The reset Ads manager worked for me.
  6. @rasanga_lk: worked for me. thanks
  7. @flt786: Nonsense
  8. @Bookie_Jockey: Nice Video Bro
  9. @Vgudmand: Legend

- How to fix Facebook ads preparing problem in 5 mins: Kind: captions Language: en This is how to fix the problem of Facebook ads preparing. As you see, this one was in preparing state for very long time. Not delivering results. I identified the problem, fixed it, and now this one is delivering after I set it up. And you can see here the reach is showing to people and all of that. Now, you have to figure out exactly what is wrong with your ad campaign if it is not delivering. There's normally some problem that is wrong with it. So, for example, this particular advert, for example, I selected WhatsApp. I want WhatsApp um button. I want people to WhatsApp me but by mistake the system automatically adjusted and added a messenger button to my advert. So you see that there's messenger here. So it means that the my call to action button and my objective are not compatible. That is why my advert was not leaving. So what did I do? I had to just come here and repost the same thing but this time around instead of it being a messenger I made sure that WhatsApp button was added and let me refresh and you see as you see here WhatsApp button is added. So after I did this one and I redid the advert again I set it up this one is now delivering and it's showing to people. So in your case what you have to do is that you can pause the old one if it is in preparing for a long time and then set up a new one or you can delete it and reset up a new one and to do if you follow this process and you still have any problem. You can leave your comments to the comment section. You can follow the WhatsApp or Telegram link to contact me for assistance on how to get your issue resolved. But we try to do that. Remember to subscribe, turn on the notification bell and see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnkurKumar-r5b4l: Solution?

- DON’T Use One Facebook Ads Campaign (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads, then you've probably heard about the one campaign method, a method that claims to be so good that all you need to do is throw all your ads in one ad set inside just one campaign. Now, as with most things, this is in fact too good to be true, and I'm going to completely debunk this strategy as someone who has spent over half a billion dollars in ads across 80 accounts that we manage at The Moonlight Ers and has driven well north of a billion and a half dollars in revenue for the clients that we manage and throughout my 10-year marketing career. In this video, I'm also going to show you exactly how you can set up your campaigns while using some of the methodology of the one campaign method, but not actually just using one campaign. So, I'll break down each of the campaigns that you need. I'll share exactly precisely why you need them, and we're going to debunk some of the issues right now because I don't want to see hundreds and hundreds of advertisers wasting cash at the wrong place at the wrong time, which you absolutely will do with a one campaign method. First things first, let me show you the one campaign method and why it completely does not work. Okay, so this first account is using the one campaign method. Now, in this case, this brand is doing quite well with it, but they could be doing so much better, and that's the key thing we need to understand. When we look inside this account, we see a single campaign that's been active for this period. It spent $128,000, which is a lot of money. It's driven 4,900 purchases at a $26 cost per acquisition to drive over half a million dollars in revenue at a ROAS of 4.39. So, really, really good metrics. However, the devil is in the details as it usually is because when we just do two breakdowns, we completely debunk this method 100%. So, first things first, what we need to look at is our audience segments. So, if you go to breakdowns and audience segments, we're now going to see the distinction between new audiences here, existing customers, and engaged customers. Now, if you don't already know what these are, I highly recommend setting them up. This is going to show you, if set up correctly, where you're spending your money on new audiences versus existing customers versus engaged customers. And you can see in this case, around $55,000 is being spent on engaged and existing customers, where new audiences spends $73,000. And because this is just using one campaign, Facebook has the ability to freely shift your budget from new audiences to existing customers to engage customers. You have absolutely no control over who specifically is receiving what ads, and way more important than that, you have no control over how much spend your existing versus your engaged versus your new audiences are spending. Now, on top of this being an issue, the more important question strategy work tremendously well for? If you're a brand spending $10,000 plus a day, even 20, 30, 40,000 dollars plus a day, this could actually work. And the reason this could work is because as you spend more and more and more, Facebook can't just keep hitting your existing customers. They have to go find new customers. But if you're one of those businesses that's spending $500 a day, $1,000 a day, $2,000 a day, Facebook is going to overspend like crazy on your existing and your engaged customers. Imagine if you were this brand right here that I have on screen, and you thought for sure that when you're putting money into your prospecting campaign, you think you're spending on more new customers and new customers, but in actuality, you continue to spend on engaged and existing customers. And I'm going to show you one more breakdown that proves this even further. When we go to our column set, we go to compare attribution settings, and we click incremental attribution. Now, what incremental attribution shows us is which conversions happened because of Facebook ads. This is not accounting for people who would have converted without these ads, and I think this is a very, very important distinction to make, especially in this campaign setup. Reason being is very clear. So, if you look first at our return on ad spend new audiences right here, the first thing you would think is it's only at a 3.3 compared to existing at a six and engaged at a 5.4. Therefore, you should absolutely spend more on engaged and existing, right? Cuz that's where you're getting your highest ROI. Now, that's debatable in and of itself, but let's ignore that argument for a second. When we use incremental attribution, incrementally, our engaged audience only drives a two all the way down from a 5.4. That's a 66% reduction. And our existing customers only drive a 1.3. That is a massive 80% plus reduction in return on ad spend, where our new audience, of course, it drops. It drops from 3.3 to 1.6, which is a 50% reduction, but it is the least reduced of them all. So, where do we actually want to spend our money? We actually want to spend our money on new audiences and engaged audiences. We are way overspending on existing customers. And the final thing I'll show you to absolutely validate this is our reach to impressions ratio. Look at our existing customers and our engaged customers. They cap out at 165,000 and 155,000, which means our frequencies on these are really high, which we can see right here. Our frequency is eight on engaged customers and 14.8 on existing customers, where our new audiences are only getting hit on average five times, and we're able to reach an entire new market of 1.75 million people. Okay, so what should you do? What is the actual best strategy that aligns with Andromeda, that aligns with some parts of the one campaign method, but ultimately doesn't ever put you in this situation where you're way overspending on existing customers, way overspending on engaged customers. Now, first thing I'll say is if you are one of those huge brands spending $20,000 a day, go ahead and try something like this because you will be able to outpace and spend a whole lot more on new customers. It is the businesses that are spending $1,000 a day, $500 a day that are going to get wrecked by this strategy. They might get higher return on ad spends in a very short period of time and then get toasted because they're not acquiring new customers, which if you don't look at these breakdowns, you're never going to know. So, what would I suggest? What do we do here at The Moonlight Ers? I'm going to show you the inside of an account and exactly how we run it. We run all of our accounts on a modular setup. We call this the M3 method. Now, the first part of the M3 method is structure, and that structure always has swim lanes. Swim lanes are so important. We have clear prospecting, clear retargeting, and clear retention. I don't want anyone to get this confused with top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel because it is very different. We are not curating creative to different parts of the funnel. We are not saying that the user starts here and works their way down the funnel eventually purchasing all the way at the bottom of the funnel. What we are saying is that we want to treat new customer acquisition, engaged acquisition, and existing customer retention as three different swim lanes. So, how do we actually set this up? We're going to work backwards. We're going to start with our retention-based campaign setups, retargeting next, and then prospecting finally, which is the biggest, most important thing you need to focus on. Starting at retention. Inside the retention campaign, you're generally only going to have a few different packs or a few different ad sets. In this case, we have one cuz we're not spending that much on retention. Now, the most important thing on retention is that we have all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed together. That's your Klaviyo audience combined with your pixel audience. I'll show you exactly what that looks like. Inside the ad set, if we scroll down to our audience section, first things first, you're going to notice Advantage Plus is off. Next thing is we have our location set up properly, our ages are wide, our genders are all on, and we are including purchasers 180 days and our two lists from Klaviyo, which are our Klaviyo purchasers 180 and our Klaviyo purchasers all time. You'll notice also we do not select use as a suggestion, and that's it. That is our entire setup of retention. We're just putting all of our creatives into this as long as they apply to existing customers. For example, we're not going to be putting in, you know, new customer offers within here, but we are going to put in new products, new arrivals, anything that's specifically curated to existing customers or just best sellers for them to keep coming back and buy again. The next campaign is retargeting. Now, retargeting gets slightly more complex. We have three active campaigns that are recommended campaigns for retargeting. Again, you can go beyond this, but these are our initial recommendations. Every brand is slightly unique. In this case, we have add to cart 90 days, website visitors 30 days, and then Instagram plus Facebook engagers over the last 14 days. These are really, really important because they cover the base of who's engaged with our brand in a short period of time. You have your add to carts, anyone who's actually gotten to the very bottom of the funnel and actually added a product to cart. You have your website visitors over the last 30 days, and then finally, you have anyone who's interacted on your Instagram posts and even your ads over the last two weeks. Now, I'll just show you one of these audiences so you have a better idea of what exclusions we set in place. You'll notice right off the bat, our audience definition is going to be narrow. That's cuz we are strictly targeting a very small cohort. And if we go down to the audience, Advantage Plus is off. We have our custom audiences inclusions and exclusions. Our inclusions are our Klaviyo website visitors and our website visitors, so that's a hard list from your CRM plus your normal website pixel 30 days, and we are excluding purchasers 180 days, purchasers 180 from Klaviyo, and purchasers all time from Klaviyo. And then finally, we are never using the use as a suggestion because that would take this audience and completely ignore all the exclusions, completely ignore all the targeting. We want to uncheck this box. And then finally, last but not least, the prospecting CBO. Now, we were just talking about that one campaign method. The one campaign method has a great philosophy behind it. It's a philosophy that you could just throw all your ads together and create a hyper competitive environment. And if you've been watching my content for the last 2 years, I have been stressing the importance of a hyper competitive environment. It has never ever ever been more important, especially with Andromeda, to put all your creatives in a competitive place. And that's exactly what we do in our prospecting CBO. The prospecting CBO is set up in such a way where we have dozens of packs. And you could see this right here. This is someone's account on my team who's doing this perfectly perfectly well. You could see one pack has spent the majority of the cash because those are the winners. And the cool thing about this is this is not the first pack we launched, right? In fact, there's dozens of other packs that we've tested. So, the way that we set this up is very simple. We have a primary prospecting CBO campaign. And every time we launch new creatives, those get launched into a new ad set, aka a new pack. Now, this whiteboard is something you may have seen before. And I really really want to focus this on the prospecting campaign. If we scroll into this prospecting campaign, I want to explain why this is hyper competitive and why this actually does exactly what the one campaign method is supposed to do. In this environment, what you have are individual packs. And every time you launch new creative, you launch a new pack. The winning ads rise to the top naturally. And the losing ads get very very little spend. And most of the time, we actually keep those ads active. That's your choice if you want to pause those ads that are only getting a few dollars in spend, or if you want to continue to keep them active. The great part about this setup and why I like it more is because the ads each have learnings. And every time you add a new ad to an existing ad set, you exchange the learnings. Meaning, we add a new ad up here. And then suddenly, the budget needs to be distributed to not only these four creatives, but an additional ad in the mix. That's what happens in the one campaign method. The reason we always launch new ads in a new pack is because they don't interfere with any budget allocation only on the campaign level. So, we're not interfering with any audience learnings, which are happening on the ad set levels. We're only interfering with campaign budget optimization, which is literally the function of campaign budget optimization is to add more ads so that it could spend the cash in the appropriate best performing spot for you. The other big key difference of this campaign structure is that it allows you to easily graduate winners to the top. So, in this setup, we graduate winners in two places. If you have a winning ad, a killer ad, you graduate that into the winners bucket, which goes into two spots. It goes into the scale campaign at the top of the account, and it goes into interest groups, single interest ad sets, which increases the efficiency of the broad ad sets because it actually finds new pockets of audiences that expand your total broad audience again and again and again. Now, keep in mind, every single strategy can change. Every single strategy will change. I have changed my strategy on this channel right here over the last 2 years with a little tweaks and modifications based on the millions and millions and millions of dollars that we spend across our entire client portfolio here at The Moonlighters. So, look, if you want a real pro that's actually going to take the learnings across dozens and dozens of different ad accounts that we manage at The Moonlighters to make sure you never misstep, you never implement the wrong strategy, you never kill what's already working, and that you can get your hands off of ads management within your business, then click the link down below in the description. And by the way, I also have a link to my entire M3 method, which breaks down this structure plus M2 plus M3, which you can get 100% for free, again, down in the description. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments below, and I will see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l107
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l107
  2. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: Is this structure also recommended for lead gen? Multiple people here already asked that question, would highly appreciate an answer! 🙏
  3. @meloneyduke [1 likes]: This is a game changer strategy! Thank you for sharing ❤
  4. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Perfect
  5. @solidz_shadowxx4478: Will this work for real estate
  6. @vamseereddy571: I see what your saying...
but here I am with my 1 campaign and my prospecting ads have daily frequency of 1.05 or less, so what am I concerned about here?
  7. @ahmedmehmood293: Well the debunk never tell about how much ROAS the existing and engaged customers generated, higher than new ones..so I think it's working perfectly fine
  8. @Mark-so2tg: is the 3-2-2 method the best lead gen for service based businesses? 3 creatives 2 headline 2 primary texts, in one ad?
  9. @yooabduls.spacejam: But wont testing six ads at once mess with the client's mindset.
  10. @Garo_Tcherpachian: audience learning happens at the campaign ...
  11. @thejeansguy: This probably seems like a dumb question but is your claim that for every $1 spent your clients averaged $3 in revenue?
  12. @manvendrachaudhary401: Just exclude the existing customers from your OCM. One Campaign Method is Isane in Every Way.
  13. @EliteBrandswithDanNikas: As someone who’s managed accounts at different spend levels, this is such an important nuance that most advertisers miss.

The “one campaign” idea sounds efficient — and in high-spend environments it can work — but for brands under $2–3k/day, it’s usually a shortcut to distorted data.

What really stood out to me here was the incremental attribution breakdown. That’s the piece most people ignore. On-platform ROAS looks great when you’re recycling engaged and existing audiences… but if incremental drops 60–80%, you’re not scaling — you’re just harvesting demand that was already there.

Separating prospecting, retargeting, and retention isn’t about overcomplicating structure. It’s about controlling capital allocation:

How much are we investing in net-new customer acquisition?

How much are we monetizing warm traffic?

How often are we tapping existing buyers?

When Facebook has full freedom inside one campaign, it will optimize for the easiest conversions — not necessarily the most strategic growth.

I also like the modular “pack” approach inside prospecting. You still get that hyper-competitive creative environment (which is critical), but without blowing up learnings every time you add a new ad.

At the end of the day, structure should match scale.
Enterprise playbooks don’t always translate to $500–$2k/day brands.

This is the kind of breakdown that saves people months of “good-looking” results that don’t actually move the business forward.
  14. @hevra5991: I do not see High performing or high performance badges on any of your campaigns? Is that Normal?
  15. @Flightcoach: Loved it! But what do you mean by "graduate to" near the end. Is that an automated proces? How do you set that up?❤
  16. @Dulyman_1: 0:05 I find it hilarious you don't know how to address the existing vs new customers.
  17. @wisebodyafter60: Awesome content.
  18. @lanaleksandra: im so confused, because I was coached by 9 figure ecom experts that MEta does retargeting right now, and I dont need to add any rules like 'people who added to cart'
  19. @adspoc: I have a product, a digital product, Single product nothing else. I made 3 ad copies. Ran a broad campaign, Found an obvious winner. Duplicated into a new campaign and used that single winner, Its running. Its ok. I made the second campaign learning from the adcopy of the first, similar broad. it seems to be running as well. its ok nothing great. I made a third campaign learning from both the ad copies, well its running as well. 3 Campaign, 3 Winning adcopies. All Broad. They perform good alone but as i add more campaigns they dont perform as well. they dont perform as i scale.  I am just not able to scale. my final attempt :  I envisioned a single campaign with 3 of my winners and hoped i would get tons of sales on each ad copy.
  20. @ts-sanjay: Hey Sam, your concept is awesome to launch every creative in a new pack (adset). What's your POV on audience fragmentation? especially for a small budget account.

- Why You Cannot Afford To Ignore Gen Z  • Snippet from Facebook’s Youth Immersion Week!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] how is this such a big secret when today over half of the world population is under 25. 98 of teens around the world own a smartphone today 85 by new products via social media as a market gen z cannot be ignored this generation is super tech savvy they're ready to buy and most organizations just aren't effectively marketing to them yet or designing products that truly touch move and inspire this group i mean just look at the successes of brands who do get it and have capitalized on it like apple right now 84 of gen z owns an iphone in the us if you are a teen today with a green bubble you are a social pariah in this generation's version of mean girls

- Gen Z's Superpower  • Snippet from Facebook’s Youth Immersion Week!: Kind: captions Language: en benzie has a superpower they can wait for it hyperfocus they can block out all distractions for hours days weeks even if they are interested in something so if your brand can engage this hyper focus mode that's your sweet spot because they will focus on you forever this is a generation who has never known a world without search and social and smartphones they are learning communicating shopping buying transacting so differently than millennials and once you know how they tick you can tap into their mental models and really create content and experiences that engage and connect with them

- Generation Z seeks fun and relies on influencers when shopping: Kind: captions Language: en now it appears those born in the mid 90s were later we call them the generation Z well they have a unique shopping habits tear largely by social media our kingdom e highlights what it is that they buy and what influences their purchasing decisions tea bags for a brewing ramen and a fish cake broth a rather than tea ever made it on to a generation Z's a shopping list when shopping for food rather than buying regular milk they're choosing milk that's a flavor like their favorite childhood ice cream generation Z have also become fun sumers a combination of the words of fun and consumers who value fun and excitement when choosing what to spend their money on like by a justice aza from DC famously hot noodles food is more than just something to eat generation Z nowadays looks for fun and new experiences when buying food for more shopping tips the so called digital natives also rely on influencers on social media instead of a celebrity's gens ears who say they cannot live without YouTube seek and select information from influencers that they possibly see more often than their own relatives they prefer the influencers personal reviews and opinions of our celebrities perfect flawless advertisements the influencers they see on social media seem and sound more personal approachable and genuine than celebrities because they can actually communicate through likes and comments feedback reactions or communication with celebrities is almost impossible generation Z is expected to become the largest group of consumers by 2020 and marketers need to take note of their wants and desires kim dami arirang news

  Top Comments:
  1. @jrukawa11: Extraordinary white and man made

- Gen Z Stopped Googling (Here's What They Use Instead): Kind: captions Language: en Hi there. Close eye here, the assassin. I saw some interesting stats the other day from one of the one of the sort of SEO I AI influencers that I follow. 40% of Gen Z now use TikTok or Instagram to search instead of Google. So, they're sort of 14 to 29-year-olds. YouTube is the second biggest search engine in the world. Millions of searches are happening inside the AI tools like ChatGPT and Claude Perplexity every day. And over 50% of product discovery starts on social channels. So, search isn't a channel anymore. It's a behavior. I've had some interesting conversations with some of my conservative colleagues and prospects and customers. It's been interesting for me to hear them say "Oh, our clients aren't on TikTok. Our customers aren't on Instagram. No, we're not interested in that. That's for young people." And I would challenge that because I've had conversations with senior leaders. One of them I was walking from their office over to a shopping mall to grab some sushi for lunch, and he was telling me about uh why his car's was sold because of this TikTok um workout guy that he follows. This guy had a home gym, and he follows this guy on TikTok. So, how did he discover that? And he's a senior executive in his 50s. So, the thing being you need to be seen around about 10 or 11 times by someone who doesn't know YouTube get some brand recognition. So just the one channel with the one message and the one approach isn't really going to work for you. And just because you think that TikTok as an example is not where your audience is going to be doesn't matter if if you don't get lots of reach but if you reach the right people in those on those platforms it's just reinforcing your message so we experiment on all of them because I think that that's what marketing is about it's about experimenting and and trying new things and not believing that where you've got your leads and your customers from for the last 5 10 years or whatever is going to remain the same forever cuz I don't think it will. In fact I'm I'm seeing the big shifts and you've got to be prepared for it. I think you stick 70% you stick with what you've been doing 20% you've got to try some some new things and then 10% do something a bit wacky something a little bit out there to see what resonates. You don't have to embarrass yourself but you just got to show more of a human side and more insight into what you know and with in in especially business to business it's thought leadership but you can still advertise on some of these platforms but again you've got to be different you can't be the same as everyone else I see the the ads on LinkedIn and they're all the same boring corporate blue stuff doesn't work so please rethink about trying different stuff. It's really worth your while.

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has changed everything. And most strategies just don't work anymore. Costs are up and profits have tanked. Everyone running ads who figured out what was working has had a massive unfair advantage. In this video, I'll show you step-by-step the new best Facebook ad strategy and how to set it up so you can stop day trading your ad account and get back to scaling your business. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I'm going to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly, why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda one. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark, a small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever, they're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ad sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad and these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job, to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, ROAS, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and that's how we help put back the fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda one. Literally soup to nuts everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Budget behavior is the signal and the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda one gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then, step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving and then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your ROAS goes from two to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad, it's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier I promised I would show and it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with ROAS. ROAS is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT and yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x ROAS on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x ROAS on a $60 CPA with a $120 AOV. That's a $60 gross profit. Half the ROAS, double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's when we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like, "That new hook increased profit volume." Or, "That angle brought in a higher AOV customer." No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross-channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better, search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform ROAS. I don't really give a about ROAS. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this, hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for 100,000 years living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by ROAS and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this ad work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately?" They live and die by short-term swings. Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work, over time you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system and that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win, it's to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda one is actually optimizing for, similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget. Because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one ad set out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same ad set. Then you follow a simple ladder. One ad set until you can afford to get one testing and one control ad set. And then you scale until you can afford two testing ad sets. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing ad sets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now that you understand what Andromeda one really is, it's not a tactic or a hack and it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself. I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching Meta to win and that is exactly what this next video is all about. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jendoubianis5323 [14 likes]: This guy is absolutely breaking the game.
I’ve been following media buyers on YouTube for more than 6 years, and honestly, I’ve never seen someone explain Meta Ads with this level of depth and clarity.

You can tell this isn’t recycled content; this is real experience and real mastery. Respect.
  2. @MartinBenesCreative [3 likes]: It would be nice you actually would show how to decide which ad inside the adset should be turned off. Since all of them are part of the “team”, which one you turn off? Sometime you can turn off a non performer on numbers but maybe it was a crucial part of the success for other ads in the same adset.
  3. @gepa-c5x [2 likes]: I'm tired of this guy. He claims to provide a step-by-step guide, but in reality, he just provides a philosophical opinion without real execution. Watched more than 20 videos, not worth it
  4. @HaroXII [2 likes]: Great video! Can you make another video on a detailed version of this strategy for low budgets? If all ads are in one set, doesn’t adding new ones to test restart learning? Also if all spend continues going to the winner do we kill the test in the same ad set? I’d love a more detailed video with maybe a demonstration. Keep up the good work
  5. @ji9arsoni [1 likes]: 4:33 The ROAS framing makes sense per sale, but doesn't the volume math completely flip the conclusion? Ad A at $10 CPA gets you 6 customers for every 1 that Ad B gets at $60 CPA — same budget, $180 profit vs $60. At scale, the "lower ROAS" ad wins by 3x. Isn't optimising toward higher AOV just a slower path to growth unless your margins are structurally different?
  6. @vitorriseriomkt [1 likes]: This helped me a lot. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  7. @matejantoncic9342 [1 likes]: @CTtheDisrupter how do you deal with campaigns on a small budget — one ad set only, with a few proven winners?

How would you test a new 3-2-2 setup in the same adset, if we currently don’t have Flex, DCT, or the new workflow available? 🤔
  8. @deanfrost90 [1 likes]: Question: If qualified, feel free to answer... 1 campaign. 3ad sets running. 1 flex ad in each ad set. 3 videos in each flex ad. I have 3 winners, 1 from each ad set in each flex ad. NOW! what??? lol
  9. @stanimirnikolov7934 [1 likes]: I launch a CBO campaign with a $60 budget, and I always split the ad sets into two: one for videos and one for static banners.
  10. @DaEnvoy [1 likes]: Amazing video! 
Quick question. Well, 2 quick questions:
1) Is the one campaign structure for the whole account or is it one campaign per product group, avatar etc?
2) What is a good budget for starting to launch 1 testing ad set and then the second one?
  11. @evgeniyperinov2465 [1 likes]: So if i have understood correctly if one ad doesnt get any spend from the 5 olympic circles i should stop it and change it(if it is an image of a review most of the time wont spend or at least not much)Am i right to stop the ad and replace it with another review image/video
  12. @carlosnobleza1665 [1 likes]: I always watch videos at 2x speed if not 1.5x. This is the first time I'm watching in normal speed and rewinding. This stuff is GOLD. At the end of the day we want ours/client's businesses to scale and do that as sustainable as we can.
  13. @sjaikdjorai5793 [1 likes]: Can this strategy also work for live events that take place across the country? The events are free of charge for visitors.

Thank you for sharing your valuable content.
  14. @JaridOrgeron [1 likes]: There is one authority on FB ads - Charlie…and then there’s everyone else.
  15. @brianedwardsu7404 [1 likes]: Oh how disappointing LOL - thought you will show STEP BY STEP?
  16. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  17. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: Love the video! So it's a cbo with control and test? So as the test ones do well move the ad to the control? on/off from there? I'm spending 1000 day, so when I up the budget based on results - it's across the full campaign right? no abo?
  18. @slimnik404 [1 likes]: Hey Charley,
doesn't adding new ads to the same ad set reset learning phase?
  19. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  20. @Siimonte [1 likes]: Great video. What about products like nasal strips that solve multiple problems? One, in a sense - breathing. But in several contexts - sleep, exercise etc. Two separate ad-sets for different contexts or one general? Thanks!

- Facebook Ad Algorithm Changes for 2026: What Marketers Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell kind of update. (Intro music) Today, I'm very excited to be joined by Tara Zirker. She is a Facebook ads strategist and consultant. She's the founder of The Successful Ads Accelerator, a done-with-you program that helps marketers launch and scale their ads rapidly. She's also the co-founder of the Studio Grow Agency. Tara, welcome back to the show. How are you doing? Thank you, Mike. It's so good to be here. Awesome. Well, today, Tara and I are gonna explore Facebook ad algorithm changes and what it means for marketers in 2026. So, let's start with why, Tara, is it so important to pay attention to Facebook and Instagram's new ad algorithm? Yeah. Well, Mike, the number one complaint I have heard, especially in the last few months has been, "I feel like ads are wasting my money. I don't know if they're working. Something changed. I'm not sure what it is. I don't know what to do." And the truth is, under the brand new algorithm, we'll talk about kind of what happened, um, but a lot did change and a lot of advertisers are falling-falling behind very quickly, and they will continue to do so if they don't upgrade their system to match the new algorithm. So- I love it. Okay. So, what does that- what does that really mean, though? If they- if they do pay attention to what we're gonna talk about today, what's the upside? I mean, they're gonna see a much better cost per result. They're gonna see... I mean, their ads might start performing, and I'm gonna share kind of a quick case study, um, a little bit later. Their ads might start performing in a way that they've never seen or haven't seen in years. Mm-hmm. Um, I've heard a lot of folks saying as they've kind of upgraded their a- their creative mostly to match the new algorithm's demands. They're just seeing numbers that they haven't seen in a long time, so that's really exciting. Not to mention you're gonna fo- future-proof your ads. You know, right now, between Google and Meta, these are the two largest advertising platforms that we have available to us, right? You have TikTok and Pinterest and all these other platforms. They don't even come close to the amount of spend that happens on these two platforms. And so, you really, really want to know and kind of keep yourself updated on what's going on and how you need to adjust and shift to these newest algorithm updates, 'cause let me tell you, if you're not advertising, your competitors will be. And so, you want to make sure that you're in the game and that you're reaching your ideal customers and clients in the right way. Love it. Okay, let's describe like the algorithm changes. Maybe we can talk about how it used to be and how it is, or wherever you wanna go. I love it. Okay, so in... At the end of 2024, um, Meta dropped us a pretty big bombshell on their, um, engineering blog. So, this is often where they start leaving breadcrumbs about things that are going to change. I've got a really big breadcrumb that I'll share at the very end about, you know, what's going to happen next. But they shared with us that they were launching actually not an update to the algorithm, a brand new algorithm, like completely new. And this was going to be... How do I explain this? Um, this was going to be instead of like, you know, the old way of advertising, which was you would have your creative and you would tell Meta who you want that creative to be in- put in front of, so targeting, right? You'd put in your manual targeting and all that stuff. Um, this would be such a huge algorithm update because Meta was gonna fully control the targeting, and they wanted you based on your ad creative to tell them who should be receiving these ads and where they're at in the buyer journey, and then they were going to use their AI machine learning to be able to match the ads with the creative. So, it's a- it's a really big update. Um, I was listening to Ben Heath talk about this and he said, "You know, it's kind of like Net- Netflix, right?" It used to be that Netflix would say, "Oh, you like cooking shows? Then we're gonna put you in this group of people who like cooking shows, and then we'll show all the cooking show people this, you know, feed of all the optional cooking shows." That's how they used to categorize. Now, the Netflix algorithm is so advanced that essentially they say, "Oh, you liked cooking shows, but then you also liked, you know, name your favorite Netflix movie. So, we're going to customize this feed to what we think you will like next based on your past, you know, preferences." And so now, that newsfeed is so customized to you specifically, it's not just this big category dump. And so, that's kind of what the new algorithm has done for advertising. So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell, kind of Okay, let me ask you a couple of questions about this. Um, you said they hinted about it. We're recording this near the end of 2025. They hinted about it almost a year ago. Was the rollout slow? Um- Thank you. Yes. Okay, so then... So, 2024, they tell us, "Hey, we've got not just an update, we've got a brand new algorithm. We're gonna pop in everybody's ad accounts over the course of the next year." And we know, they let us know, that they completed that rollout in October of 2025. And so, this is very recent, that it is globally installed, every single advertiser now has the new algorithm in their account as of October 2025. And there's no going back. It is what No going back. Nope. Okay. This is what it is. There's still ways to work around it and there's definitely use cases where the new algorithm is not going to benefit every single business model right now. We'll get into some of that nuance. Um, so there's ways that you can kind of-... not be in that algorithm, so to speak. But for most advertisers, you're going to want to start using it, getting used to it, and also warming up that algorithm to your account so that Meta starts learning those signals and starts developing their data around, you know, this new algorithm around your account. So, it's very important that you understand it, start using it. Even if you don't use it as your predominant strategy, you definitely want to be giving Meta some of those signals so they can begin learning for you. Okay. When we were prepping for this, you said Andro-Meta ... Andromeda, I think is the word. Andromeda, you got it. A- AI-powered ad algorithm. Is that what this thing is effectively called? Yes. Uh-huh. And it's, it's gonna get even crazier 'cause we're gonna talk about the GEM update that they just announced, uh, i- on the engineering blog in November of this year. So, we have a really good idea of where this is going. I would say that this algorithm is kind of almost the middle ground between, like, all the Advantage+ updates that happened. Now we've got Andromeda, and we're headed for GEM. And so, we'll talk about that as well. Okay. So, um, in summary, where we're at with this Andromeda AI-powered ad algorithm is, it is effectively a algorithm that tries, th- and I'm not going back what I heard you say, tries to match your ad creative to whom it thinks is the best target audience. I mean, is that the effectiveness? I mean, is that it? You got it. And it's, it, there's a few more layers to it as well. I mean, simplified, that's exactly what it is, Michael. Um, I was just reading through, um, I love Jason Yim's, uh, Twitter account, or X account, I guess. And he, kind of, yeah, he heads up some of the client solutions at Meta, and he was talking about ... Consider it like this. Okay, so with the Andromeda update, also came a few other things including sequence learning and, um, Meta's new lattice system. But let me kind of simplify this. Basically, um, how he describes it, and I thought this was a really good description, let's just say that Meta knows that you bought a, you know, reservation, you got a reservation at a ski resort. And now your algorithm is going to respond to that by making sure that you see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, ski luggage. I mean, the whole kit and caboodle. And- Sweaters, hats, gloves, everything, right? You got it. So, it's taking this kind of intent, like, oh, you know, if, if Meta can discover that you just booked a vacation, or you, you know, booked a vacation through an ad or something like that, let's give them everything they might need. Some new swimsuits. You know, I mean, it's just going to deliver the whole kit and caboodle, versus just this random, you know, selection of ads. So, it's really customizing that to intent, to what you've previously looked at and purchased, especially purchased, and what you might need next. I mean, can you imagine? This is, like, pretty significant. And I think a lot of us thought that ads did that before. And it i- that is not true. (laughs) Advertisers really tried to control that experience, you know, by saying, "Hey, we wanna target people who may have just done these certain behaviors and hopefully, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna, hopefully, you know, win some of these consumers, uh, you know, over with our products." So now, the algorithm is doing this all by itself, which is pretty insane and incredible. Okay then, um, I wanna talk about targeting. Is there any kind of targeting at all, um, that we have, and other certain applications where it does make sense to do certain things and not do other things? Like, I'd love to talk about that a little bit. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so when it comes to targeting, we are seeing, if you're e-commerce, if you are, um, digital courses, you know, things like that, that are kind of more, have broader, uh, targeting potential, we are seeing the new algorithm is really, um, if it's not out-performing on every account yet, I would assume that it definitely will be within a short period of time, once it learns your account and you give it enough signals. But there are certain, uh, business models that are not as responsive to Andromeda. So, we wanna think about, um, i- particularly brick and mortar. If you've got a business that is tied to geography, okay, then you're probably l- very likely still going to do manual targeting. Um, if you've got an e-commerce business that is, has super specific, niche product matching, um, it's likely that you're going to want to experiment with Andromeda, but we're still seeing that, you know, very, very niche sort of products sometimes do better with manual targeting. That means you're still feeding Facebook, um, and Instagram, you know, Meta, you're still feeding them the signals on who they should be targeting. Um, likewise, if you're like, a really niche service provider with like, regulated boundaries or, or things like that. Um, but I would say mostly, mostly, if you need to be targeting within a certain geography, we've seen it time and time again, where advertisers, you know, maybe it's a spa out of Milwaukee, and they give Meta the ZIP codes that they want to be targeting, that's their preference, they're, you know, using the Advantage+ and all of that, but then it, i- all of a sudden, they're getting calls from New York or LA. (laughs) And so you really, really have to, you know, take it out of the Andromeda algorithm, meaning you're doing the manual targeting and you're letting the algorithm kind of, you know, you're, you're really setting the perimeters. Now, what I wanna say is, a lot of people are going to say that, "Well..."... I'm special and my account, you know, never would they ever find my ideal target I was gonna go there 'cause there's a lot of people listening right now- Yes. ... who are media buyers and they're like, "No, it's not going to be as good as me," right? So go ahead and... (laughs) 100%. And, you know, I'll use ourselves as a use case. We started opening up to broad targeting, um, you know, back when Advantage+ was kinda coming online. We decided to start experimenting. At first, it didn't do well and now, I mean, it definitely outperforms most interest-based targeting that we can give it. And so, you know, we just say h- like, "Just go to town." I mean, here, th- here's the entire country we w- we wanna target and, um, you know, no age selection or very minimal age selection, no gender selection, no interests. Just go to town. And you know we're looking for small business owners, typically are spending less than $5,000 per month on their ads. I mean, it's a very specific niche and Meta does it better than we could ever do at this point. So the, the machine learning is just... It's beyond what... You know, we used to be able to gamify so many things, and I would say we're well beyond that at this point. Um, again, with the exception of, you know, real... I mean, genuinely super specific niches or, like, geography-based businesses. Now, I'm asking this question not as someone who does ads, so I'm, I'm ignorant, okay? So anybody who does ads, forgive me for this, but you said that once it learns your account and you give it enough signals, it can, it can... It, it's very good. What does that mean? How does it learn your account and how do you give it signals? Yeah, so this is where you start using... Um, so how do you use this algorithm, I guess, is, is also kind of a foundational- Yeah. ... question we should answer, and basically, that means you're using the Advantage+, uh, toolkit, right? You're advan- Advantage+ targeting. Um, you're doing all the Advantage+ placements, just kind of like that. You're just giving the algorithm full control. Behind the scenes, what happened to Advantage+ is it got this massive upgrade with the Andromeda update, or not even update, Andromeda algorithm, okay? And so if you're using that, you're already using the algorithm. And some people will say it took a little bit of time. Um, oh, gosh, I wish, Mike, that I had a specific dollar amount. For some people, they start seeing results, you know, in as soon as a few hundred dollars, like three to five, six hundred bucks. For others and, you know, for some of our bigger accounts, it definitely has taken several thousand dollars even, you know, up into like $10,000, $15,000, before we really started seeing the algorithm outperforming anything that we could do manually. So I wish there was something specific I could tell you, except, you know, I would say start with 10 to 20% of your budget, and if you're not already using some of these, you know, Advantage+, that's kind of how you access it, right? If you're not already using some of these Advantage+ , um, features, then start doing that and, you know, be patient with it and give it more time than you normally would, um, before you call something a loser and turn it off and just see if it starts to pick up. And I can almost guarantee eventually it will. Interesting. Okay. So what I, what I'm hearing you say is split test it, right? Yeah. Create a, create a, um, copy, for lack of better words, of the very same thing except turn on this, um, Advantage+ thing that you were talking about, which comes with Andromeda, and just see if it outperforms. And if it's not outperforming, you need to give it a little bit more time. So I would imagine if you spend a lot of money, it's probably gonna take a decent amount of money to kinda get it, but, but once it outperforms, it kind of becomes a benefit, right? Because- Oh, yeah. ... you'll, you'll end up saving money in the long run, right? Is that what I'm hearing you say? A lot of, lot of money, yeah. Um, and we'll kinda... When we... Especially as we get into the gem, um, update that's coming next, I'll tell you what some of those early performers are, but we are seeing, you know, when the algorithm does kind of pick up in your account, it can be a significant cost savings for sure. Let's talk about creative because I know this is- ... really a big part of this. Kind of exp- explain why the creative matters now more than ever. So creative is the heart and soul of wasted money (laughs) right now on Me- So if you are wasting money, it is from your creative. It's not your targeting. It's not your... You know, it could be a little bit of your strategy, but I will say I would s- I would, I would say 90% of cases, it's probably going to be from your creative, which actually is your strategy or should be 90% of your strategy right now. You know, the way you're setting up ads, I would say as long as you're setting up for leads or sales, you know, as long as you're following the basics of kind of good ad setup, uh, protocols, you're, you're gonna... The, the algorithm is very flexible with how many campaigns. You know, one thing I'll, I'll share there is, like, a more simplified structure we're seeing work really well. Um, even some advertisers have been able to stop retargeting altogether and just kind of pull it all into one campaign because Meta is just getting that good. They can tell if they should be retargeting, uh, you know, or if they should be delivering ads that would be geared more towards retargeting and things like that. So a more simplified structure, but most of the time, the problem with wasted money at this point is creative. And so you want to n- What do you need to know about Andromeda is you need a diversity of creative. So Mike, you know how we used to create an image, let's just say a static image, and then we would swap out the, you know, the headline on that image, and we'd swap out the, the colors and all of this? Or you would have somebody, you know, make a, a selfie talking head video or, um, you know, maybe, like, UGC, right? And then you would just swap out the hooks and the first few seconds of that video and you would diversify your creative portfolio that way. Meta is actually punishing that system now, okay? So your CPMs are going to go up if you're not giving it enough...... creative diversity. So that means, you know, the single image I just described where we're just swapping the headline, they're going to view that almost, you know, it's not exactly this way, but they're kind of viewing it as one image. Like, they're saying there's really nothing here that's different or unique. And the video- Wait. Just, just so we're clear, so if you have an image- Yep. ... let's say a beautiful shot- ... of someone with your product and you just change the text on the image, as far as the model is concerned, it's exactly the same. 100%. And so even though those are different, right, and you do need to continue to test those hooks, in terms of how the algorithm is rewarding accounts, it's rewarding creative diversity, not slight tweaks on creative with the s- kind of same, you know, central theme, if that makes sense. And so- You know, I think I have a r- I think I know why. I'm gonna hypothesize here. Why? The human eye is really good at recognizing pictures. And when it's, feels like it's seen that image before, it's going to discount it. Could that be what's going on? Because I know- I love it. ... I'm seeing ads over and over again, and like- Yeah. ... when they're different, uh, they feel new, but when they're not, they feel old. Could that be part of what's going on here? I think you're spot on with that. And playing... So if you kinda think through that, right, you wanna be thinking about a, a whole library of, of kind of categories here. Number one, you wanna be thinking in different angles, right? So you wanna, when you're thinking about your copy or, um, your creative angles of your ads, you wanna be thinking about pain points, pleasure, testimonial, curiosity, questions, right? When you think about, um, variations of, like, copy length, you wanna be thinking super short, short, medium, long, even blog length, um, in, in length, right? So really, really long. Um, last year, I was sitting in the audience at a live social media marketing world, um, both as a presenter and also it's just wonderful to learn from colleagues and everything. I remember Molly Pittman saying, "You wanna think of your copy as, you know, uh, with your ads, as kind of how we used to do SEO, um, blogging," right? So that algorithm is picking up on those signals of what is in your ad, um, you know, what are the key words in there, and where is that person in the buyer's journey. And so this is becoming very sophisticated, right? So you're thinking about all these different angles. And now when you think about your images and your videos, you wanna be thinking static imagery, short form raw videos, UGC, founder selfie type videos, polished videos, so a little bit of production quality, um, GIFs, carousels. By the way, carousals, there's a breadcrumb for everybody, carousals are very hot right now. Um, memes. You wanna think about static imagery. Remember that 60 to 70% of conversions on Meta still happen with static, uh, imagery. People are always shocked when they hear that stat. They think everything is surely switched to video. Um, you know, but Meta's own reporting is showing that, you know, what's really trending right now and, uh, the end of, you know, here we are 2025, is we're back to carousals. And so that's also trending in ads. Um, text only creative, right? Where maybe you don't even... you skip the image and you just have a static image with just pure text. And so, um, these are things that we see really trending. But the, the most important piece there to note is you want a diversity of these things. So you don't just want to fill your account with, you know, tons of static photos even if they're different, because Meta doesn't view that as a full enough library. You know, one stat that we saw was, um, uh, would have been Q1 I believe of this year, and I'm c- kind of just pulling this from memory, but Meta had shared that they had one million advertisers that had created with the new kind of AI tools that they had been releasing, um, 50 million variations of ads. And the reason this is so important for Andromeda is it needs a very rich and diverse library to pull from so that it can match. Again, if it's, if it's trying to match somebody's exact buyer's journey, then it can't just have two or three angles that are servicing someone who, you know, has very high intent and they're, they're ready to buy right now. It needs to service other angles, such as maybe somebody who, um, isn't even problem aware. So we gotta make them problem aware before we can even let them know what the solution is, right? And so it's, it's targeting all of these different points of the buyer's journey, and you've got to give Meta a lot to work with so you make sure you're getting that whole journey represented in your creative library. We're gonna share an example here, uh, from one of your clients in a minute, but for those of you that, uh, run agencies, um, this should be music to your ears because while you might not have a lot of work to set up all the targeting and stuff, you have an incredible opportunity to, to, to, to create all the creative. Am I right? Because this is, this is a overwhelming task for a lot of businesses, right? 100%. I would say that is where you want to position your value right now. As an agency owner or freelancer, if you're, if you're working on ads, you wanna be thinking about, you know, something that we're talking about a lot is, what is the avatar? And then, uh, you know, m- many businesses often have a couple different avatars. And then what are all of the points of their journey? And you wanna be designing, um, ads, and, you know, again, using that diversity, eh, of your creative library, you wanna be designing ads for every single point of that journey. C- So really thinking through that is going to give your client so much additional value. And I would think, where this could get really, really interesting is, for those of you that do email marketing and you have some winners there, you've got some great copy that you could potentially, like, use, like your best performing emails, especially if they have images inside of them, um, could be very, very valuable to add to the fodder, like if you send a lot of emails. In addition, AI, I would imagine, could be exceptionally valuable here. Like if you set up a really good cloud project and/or you use, uh, Gemini, um, Gemini Nano Banana Pro is ridiculously good. I mean like (laughs) , um, just little aside, I took my logo, uh, for AI Business World, which is our conference, and I dr- uploaded it as a PNG into, um, Gemini. Uh, you have to have a Workspace account, and I asked it to, um, add it to a coffee cup in a cafe. First iteration looked beautiful. Had a spoon there, a little reflection coming on the thing. Then I said, "Animate," and it created a little 10-second, and it had a guy get up and walk away that was in the background. It had a minivan kinda come by in the window. I mean, I totally coulda just used that as an ad if I wanted to, and, um, nobody woulda known. And I would imagine Meta has no problem with you using AI in your ad, uh, image creation and videos. Am I right or wrong on that? You're right, and I, I saw that image, Mike, and I couldn't believe, um, you posted that, I think, on your, your Facebook, right? It was... I was like, "This is a first draft?" I mean, so unbelievably good, and 1,000%, Meta is not only hoping you'll do that, they're encouraging you with their own AI tools on platform too, and that is literally to produce more creative because the new algorithm, it, it's not gonna function well without enough creative, so they had to kind of solve that pain point of, you know, we want to, um, uh... Who was it? It might've, might've been Jason, um, again who, you know, kind of... He, he made a point that this new algorithm is like, if you're just walking through a mall, you know, just browsing through a mall, who can predict which store you're going to go into and which product you're going to buy? And this is what the new algorithm is trying to do. It can only do it, and so, if it has enough creative, and so the solution there was to add to the platform all of these creative iteration tools, all the AI-generated tools that we have. Um- Uh, you ha- you have an example of someone that you're working with? Let's hear that story. Yeah, so this is actually one of my good friends, Carina Gardner. She owns a training company for creatives, like, um, folks who, you know, have art degrees and amazing creative talents who wanna turn their art into a business, and she's always done, and she does her own ads. Um, you know, she and I are always nerding out about ad stuff, and she has always done these, like, awesome paid design boot camps. And so, in October, in September, October, by the way, we have heard anecdotally across the industry, including from some of our, um, favorite Facebook people, were really rough months inside of the platform. I think as the algorithm, you know, finally did get installed on everyone's accounts, there's always an adjustment period, and I can't tell you how many just conversations I've had with so many colleagues saying, you know, they were experiencing the same thing. So, she had experienced a spike in her costs uns- you know, numbers she hadn't ever really seen on her account, and she said, "Listen, I had my top-performing video reels, same copy." She sent me a couple voice memos, we talked back and forth, and I gave her one of my recipes that has been exceptionally responsive to the new algorithm. I'm gonna share it with everyone here today, too. And she said her cost went from $86 per conversion, this is for a paid boot camp, uh, ticket, and she said, um, within, it was within like 24 hours, um, she added one carousel, three images. She used a lot of the generative AI, um, options that Meta gave her, and she had, you know, she just added a total of eight creatives. So we're not talking, like, you know, dozens of creatives here. We... She just diversified her, her creative library, and she used a specific formula that I'm gonna share, and her costs went down to $13.87. In fact, that was one of her records, and she's like, "I can't believe it. I thought the ads were completely broken for me forever." Like, "The algorithm doesn't like my account." It, you know, like, "What is going on? Can I fix this?" And this was, you know, a two-minute thing it took her to do. She had to create the things, but setting up the new, her new kind of campaign structure took her just a couple of minutes and saved her so much money, and so we're kind of seeing that across the board, um, you know, when you really play with this algorithm in the way it wants us to work with it, you're going to experience, you know, you're gonna experience some really good things on there. I love it. Feel free to share that formula that you were talking about. Okay, so this is, we call it our DCP, our dynamic creative formula. Funny enough, this is a formula that we actually, um, you know, kind of, we always, you know, as we create these recipes or formulas, it's, it's based on, you know, typically hundreds of thousands of dollars of ad spend, so we're A/B testing, A/B testing, you know, kind of putting together what's working, and then, of course, you can't just do that on one account. You've got to test this across a variety... You know, our, our company, um, our training, uh, company, we serve a variety of industries and business owners and things like that.So then you gotta, you know, test this stuff and make sure there's consistency across different industries and sectors and, you know, funnel types and all the things. And so we created this for, you know, quite a while ago for one of the newest, um, algorithm updates when everything started switching to Advantage+. We started seeing some really strong trends with, um, how the algorithm was reacting and now that we're, you know, we're here with Andromeda and we're going towards gems, we actually only see this formula getting better and better with age, which is really cool because that doesn't usually happen. Usually you have to, you know, rework things, uh, quite a bit. So you want to, when you are setting up for leads, you're gonna select, at the ad set level, something called the Dynamic Creative. It's a little toggle switch, and that is in your ad set. And if you're doing this for sales, then you are going to click at the ad level something called Flexible Creative. Okay? So they're called different things but they kind of react the same way, but basically what it allows you to do is to combine a bunch of creative into one ad. So instead of testing creative individually, you're combining it all into one ad. Okay, so you're, you've toggled that on and now you're going to add in, and you can experiment on your account, we see this formula being, you know, pretty consistently fabulous across, again, a huge diversity, different account types, different business types, et cetera, um, but you can experiment here with what's gonna work for you, but basically you want to max out the images, videos, and GIFs, okay? And I always recommend, you know, 50% images, 50% videos, um, is kind of a good mix there if you can do it. If you don't have enough videos, then that's fine. You just wanna put as many images as you can, and ideally these are top performers. So you can do creative testing this way, um, in fact we do have you set up in a way that, you know, kind of reflects this pretty closely. Um, but if we're, if we're just, y- if we're just kind of experimenting with this new feature, I would highly recommend that you just do your top performers if you've got that many. Then from there you're going to put in two variations of primary text. I recommend something that is short and medium in length, okay? So that's gonna be your starting kind of experiment. Two of your top performing headlines, and then whichever call to action makes the most sense, and then from there you can turn on all or you can read through and select any of the generative AI that suits your brand, and of course you can edit any of those and whatnot. I always say you wanna really look at those AI iterations and just make sure that they're on Explain what that is for people that don't know what you're talking about. What was that? Explain what that is, that generative AI use. Wow, okay. So when you put in your copy, Meta is going to give you a bunch of different variations of both your, um, primary text as well as your headlines, and so they're going to say, uh, you know, they'll give you, like, 10 variations and you can select which ones kind of work for you. And remember, you can always edit those but always read through them because sometimes, you know, especially if you're in a sensitive category, um, not a formal sensitive category... Well, anyways, there's formal sensitive categories with Meta but, you know, anything that is, uh, highly regulated and things like that, sometimes the AI generated, uh, generated copy can, you know, doesn't always, uh, suit compliance and things like that. So just make sure you read through it, makes sense, that sort of thing. Um, and then from there, so then you're going to go ahead and launch that. So this is like you just took all of these top, ideally top performers, you put them into one, you know, kind of delivery rocket ship and now Meta is going to go and test all of these different combinations. And here's the thing that you wanna know, is that it's not going to spend equally across your, your, um, creative, uh, variations there. So, um, just know it's going to pre-select which ones it thinks is going to be the winner. People always get super bugged by that; it's just kind of the, the way it goes. You can always do your own A/B testing that is, you know, much more, um, you know, you have the constraints of you have to force this amount of budget to this ad and things like that, but I will tell you that this typically outperforms anything that you'll do manually at this point. So we call that our Dynamic Creative Formula, the DCP, um, or Dy- Dynamic Creative Protocol. It is so, so good and it's only getting better with time. Uh, a couple clarifying questions on the AI front. Is it mostly text that, uh ... Or do they actually create AI images also? Yeah, so that is, that is where things are headed for sure. So right now when you upload that creative, it will give you, um ... And depending on your account, there's a lot of beta testing I see all the time across all the different accounts that we have access to. But right now there is generative AI that will, you know, crop things for you, it'll place headlines, it'll animate things, um, and we, er- at this point we recommend turning all of that on so when you upload your images and, or your videos, all of that, you're gonna see those options. Turn those on, um, those are fabulous. Just know you, you lose control over that, so if you see an ad floating around that has, you know, one of your headlines that's put on top of an image, it, you, you don't get to control that, right? So give up the control, let the algorithm just kind of do its thing, it's very good. And then where we're going, um, is going to be exactly what you're describing, Mike, where you pop in an image and it's just gonna go to town. It's gonna do all of your creative iteration for you, um, through its AI tools and that's gonna be a wild new world, but that's where it's headed for sure. How often do we need to replenish our creative? We're s- yeah. Because... Yeah, I mean, because, like, is this a one, one and done, or is this... Like, what's, what's your thoughts on this? Probably faster than you would think, and a lot of this depends on your budget, right? I don't think we're headed into the territory of some of these, you know, um, platforms that are, you know, like TikTok for example, just very creative demanding. Um, but I do think that we are going to have to refresh more frequently. So, we used to be able to let ads run for a long time. If you're thinking, talking like a smaller account, maybe spending a couple of thousand a month, some of those ads could run, you know, months, sometimes years. I mean, they, they start to decline over time, but, you know, you're still kinda getting good enough results to just let it keep going. And, um, on bigger accounts, of course, you're, you're definitely, you know, refreshing creative much more frequently. But what we know is that Andromeda, it is going to reward fresh creative and it is going to punish (laughs) accounts with higher CPMs where creative is fatiguing. In fact, um, we can talk about this too, they are sh- they're releasing new metrics. I haven't seen this, um, confirmed yet in, like, I haven't seen this broadly across accounts, but, you know, they're going to, there's new metrics that will be launching around this, but basically creative fatigue, creative similarity and top creative themes. Okay? So, this is where we're understanding things like, is our account most responsive to humor, nostalgia or, you know, things like that. Social proof, you know, those are gonna be new metrics that supposedly are coming to the platform. So, we're gonna have a lot more insight into that as well. And I, I don't want to give anything that is too formulaic here because I think we're just gonna have to wrap our arms around this a little bit more before we understand, um, you know, how long- You have a sense, you have a general rule of thumb, like once a month add new creative or... Yeah. I mean, if you are on a smaller account that's always our rule of thumb, is you wanna be refreshing creative monthly. So again, you're spending a couple of thousand a month, you should be refreshing creative monthly. Not to say your creative won't last longer, but that's where you should be. And then of course if you're working on, you know, much higher budget account, you should be refreshing creative weekly. And those are general rules of thumb that will probably keep you pretty healthy, and we may be updating those recommendations as we kinda see how things play out. Okay. Um, ad placement, you know, you've got reels and stories and all the shapes and sizes and stuff like that. Do we need to worry about that anymore? Yeah. I mean, you, so, Meta will, in large part now, kind of do the adjustments and the croppings and things like that. You know, it used to be that we had to upload all these different sizes and, and things of that nature. And now, um, now it will, it will definitely take the right sizing and put it on the right placement. So, that doesn't mean that it's always going to use those placements. You know, if your ads are meant for the feed, it might have a really hard time, um, with the sidebar placements. And so, it's not always going to place... there's so many placements at this point, um, that library has gone, you know, the, those, those, uh, that selection, uh, menu has grown quite large. And so, you're just going to place your creative and let the algorithm kinda do its thing. It will figure out the right size for the right placement and what should go where, and it's, it's very good at it. So, the, the big takeaway there is don't try to gamify it. Um, I see a lot of kind of rookie mistakes in this, that is like way, I mean, you're talking 2019, 2018 kind of techniques when you're trying to say, "Only news feed," or, "Only Meta," or, you know, or only Meta, only Instagram. A lot of people too, they get really, um, they only wanna do Instagram ads, Mike. I see this quite often. And you should just know from what we usually see, about 60 to 80% of your quote unquote Facebook ads, your Meta ads, are automatically going to be served on Instagram. But it really does you no benefit to say, "I don't want Facebook." You will get a much better result and cost if you say, "Put it wherever, and just know that most of it is, generally speaking, going to go to Instagram." Are threads even available as a placement yet? For some, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, interesting. Okay, so let's talk about this GEM thing, you brought it up many times. Um, what is this, uh, GEM thing you've been hinting about that's coming? Yes. The generative ads recommendation model. Meta... So again, we see a lot of these big updates that kinda get released as initial breadcrumbs or hints on the engineering blogs. So this- By the way, that spells GEM just for the record, generative ad- Yeah, I, I know. Or, or is it... No. I was like, "Why did it become GEM?" How do they, how do they get, how do they get GEM out of that if it's gen- uh, actually that's JARM. (laughs) Yeah, I, I was trying to figure that out myself. I was- Anyways, keep going. For anybody who's like, "Acronyms, wait, how did it get..." I, yeah, I did, I was like, "Yeah. What in the heck?" (laughs) Um, but basically, okay, so GEM, this is where things are going. Okay. Um, this is the new super brain, okay? And this is the comparison, all right? So imagine this can read an entire library of books in seconds, it understands the relationships between all the characters, remembers every single detail, and you connect all the details instantly. This is what, this is the algorithm that is going to be layered on top of these other, uh, algorithm, algorithms that we talked about. And this is going to be, you know, how we've heard kind of, uh, leaders and even Mark Zuckerberg himself talk about this, where things are headed, is they essentially want you to be able to upload an image and tell them your budget, and it will do all of the rest.It's going to generate all of the ad creation. It's going to, you know- Titles, everything? Wow. All the text? ... ev- everything. It's going to animate. It's g- uh, it's just going to create that entire ad library by itself. (laughs) And so, this is kind of where things are headed, which is a wild world when you think about it. And what Meta wants us doing as marketers then is really focusing on what happens after the click, right? So, this is offer, customer journey. It wants that... It's going to reward whatever happens after the click very powerfully, because that's going to give it all the signals it needs to find our buyers and iterate and create the correct creative for this group of people. So, this is kinda where it will go. I mean, it's not gonna go there overnight, but that's the direction of where Meta is trying to head. So, it's kinda wild when you start thinking about it, um, and, you know, I saw again, Jason Lim, um, who heads up, uh, the, uh, you know, custo- or client solutions. I'm just trying to pull up, he had some really great stats on their beta testing of this. Let me just find that really quick. Yeah, while you're looking at that, um, there's a lot of people who are listening right now that are probably freaking out because maybe their- ... career up to this point has been doing all of these things. Um, I would imagine there's a window of opportunity for us that are really good with AI. Like, I have a whole show dedicated to this. And I use Claude and I'm... I swear by it right now that it's the best writer that's out there. And I would imagine if you can give really good quality copy and you can generate very high quality images with whatever platform, you know, right now as of this recording, Google Gemini, Nana Banana Pro is top of class, um, you can be slightly ahead of all of your competitors who are using Canva and, you know what I mean? And just- Yes. ... just the very basic stuff. Um, but I... But the good news is eventually the ads are gonna be less about the ad itself and more about the journey, and I like that, because there's still an opportunity for marketers because you still have to convert, and in the end you've gotta drive them somewhere, right? And that's where a marketer could, could come to the table. Um, you can respond to that. And after you share the Jason quote, if you found it, um, what's your thoughts? 1000%, Mike. I think the value right now... If you're in this space, I think the value is increasing your AI skills, um, a- exponentially would be kind of a good place to start. And I would say, um, really understanding the customer journey and the creative that's going to lead someone to purchase. So, kinda what we talked about, creating those client avatars, becoming more sophisticated about how we're thinking through those creative angles, creative t- uh, targeting and things like that. Um, and then also, you know, really developing out your strategy muscle. So, um, you know, thinking about the value that you can add post-click, that is where most of the value is going to be as the- these algorithms evolve. We're not getting there overnight. I don't think we're getting there, you know, within months. I think there's time. But if you know where things are headed then you can start to plan appropriately and start to think about, you know, how these platforms are changing. And there's always going to be space for excellent marketers who can help drive revenue. So, if you kind of just think about, you know, how... what, what can I do with my skills that help drive revenue? You're gonna find all the solutions that you need. Um, and I'm gonna share too, you know, when they've layered all of these algorithms together and updates and, and beta testing with JEM, um, they said in Q2, so they kind of started beta te- beta testing, um... You know, we've talked about Andromeda. There were a couple other updates that came with Andromeda. When they layered all four of these updates together, um, they... it delivered a 5% increase in ad conversion on Instagram and 3% on Facebook. But then listen to this. That was Q2, okay, so beta testing. In Q3, we doubled that. So, within three months it doubled efficiencies. When you think about how fast this is moving, this is a rocket, you know, ship. You wanna get on that ship, right? And so, um, this is going to move very, very quickly. It's going to evolve fast. I still think there's, you know, plenty of time to kind of get on board and start testing through some of these new features and things like that. But this is where things are going and it's going to move very fast. Folks, Tara will be one of, um, five, um, speakers on the paid orga- uh, the paid social side and o- and one of 24 speakers on the social track at Social Media Marketing World. Plus we'll have another 20 speakers on the AI side of things. I can assure you this world is changing faster than we can ever imagine and it's being fueled ultimately by the AI, in this case algorithms, creative, and all these other things. There's never been a more important time for you to study these things. I cannot wait to see you in April in Anaheim. Um, Tara, if anybody wants to, um, connect with you or potentially work with you in the various programs you've got going on, where do you want to send them? Yeah. start@successfuladsclub.com. Um, or you can find me on Instagram @tarazerker. Thank you, Tara, so much for sharing your insights with us. Thanks, Mike.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🗨 Use this five-part framework to develop a winning positioning strategy, including how to test your assumptions, gather multi-source market insights, and get internal and external buy-in for your messaging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-MW9aOl4g
  2. @Jebin-oms: Dump this algorithm
  3. @Jebin-oms: Worst worst update, ads wasting money it's true.
  4. @dammyoyetola7902: Thank you
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: WE ARE AT A POINT NOW WHERE MORE AD COPY, THE BETTER, WHICH IS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE PEOPLE WERE DOING BEFORE.  ALSO, CUSTOMER LISTS ARE LESS IMPORTANT THAN THEY USED TO BE, AS THE AD CREATIVE IS THE MORE IMPORTANT THING NOW.
  6. @SeverinGavrila: good
  7. @danielschain: Fantastic information! Thank you for providing helpful and important content.
  8. @chrevychase: Meta is guilty of over-charging their ad customer base and has literally stolen shocking amounts of money.   Also, their ad platform over the last year has skewed to more ad spend with less results. If you know, you know.

I wouldn't trust META at all.
  9. @neilbaboolal9990: 👍

- The Entire Facebook Ads Algorithm Explained In 12 minutes: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to break down exactly how the Meta Ads algorithm actually works. And if you're a direct-to-consumer brand scaling on Facebook Ads right now, this is maybe the most important thing you will understand about your ad account all year. Because once you see what's actually happening under the hood and you get an understanding, you're going to stop wasting budget on things that haven't mattered in years and start focusing on the levers that actually move the needle. If you don't know me, my name is Jared Robinson. I'm the founder of Creative Dawn where we produce thousands of creatives every single month for seven, eight, and nine-figure direct-to-consumer brands. I've been doing this for 10 years and I've watched [music] tens of millions of dollars flood through the algorithm. So, nothing we talk about today is going to be theory. Pretty much every dollar I've made in my adult life is due to me knowing all there is to know about this subject. So, first we're going to talk about Meta and why the algorithm is built the way that it is and who exactly they built the algorithm for. So, I want you to think about Meta like a nightclub. A nightclub exists for two people, rich men and hot girls. But, the nightclub needs to make sure that they keep both people happy. Imagine that Meta is the club owner, the rich dudes are us, the advertisers, and the hot girls are just the people scrolling all day. Without the rich guys, there's no money for the bar, but without the hot girls, none of the rich guys want to be there. So, the whole club exists to balance the two. That is the exact same concept in Meta's algorithm. They need to place enough ads that advertisers actually make money while also not destroying people's feeds with bad ads. I hope you guys appreciate that because I came straight out of my brain. But, in 2026, it's much easier for Meta actually achieve this balance >> [music] >> due to Andromeda. Before Andromeda came out, the algorithm was pretty basic. It looked at your targeting, it looked at your bid caps, it looked at whatever, some basic creative signals. But, post-Andromeda, the algorithm is much, much smarter and it now analyzes your creatives with computer vision. That's a quote directly from Meta. It also has natural language processing and audio analysis. So, it essentially understands everything about your ad. It understands who it's for, it understands the emotional effect that it's going to have on the user, it understands everything. Meta then gives each ad what's called an entity ID. Every single creative is getting scored and given an entity ID and then it's scored based on how diverse it is from the rest of your creatives. So, for example, if you upload 30 ads that look the exact same, they have a similar background, the same creator, or the same hook, Andromeda is going to see them as essentially the same exact [music] ad. Then, you are going to get a poor internal creative diversity score, which is bad. So, how do you achieve a good creative diversity score or how do you actually achieve creative diversity? So, the algorithm needs to see different formats, different angles, different creators, everything. Loads of variety and lazy volume is not going to work anymore. And what do I mean by that? I mean switching headlines or swapping out a hook. In this day and age, that's just not going to work anymore. You need loads of volume and loads of diversity. This is why the brands that are still running only a few ads that all look very similar are getting crushed right now and competitors that are launching hundreds of new creatives every single week with lots of new concepts and lots of diversity are absolutely killing it. Now that you understand the rules of the game, you understand how the algorithm works, how do you actually win? There are two main variables that are going to determine your success. Number one is feeding the algorithm with not just creative volume, but also creative diversity so that it can find your ideal customers efficiently. Number two is that you just have to make ads that actually perform. You have to understand direct response principles and frankly, you just have to stop making bad ads. These two are both essential to your success because it doesn't matter if you make 100 diverse ads if all of them suck. And it also doesn't matter if you're a direct response wizard, but you only have five active ads in your ad account. Outside of that, all the targeting, you know, the tricks, the bid strategies, the CBO versus all that stuff is an afterthought if you do not have those two things dialed in. So, let me break down exactly how you can execute both of those. So, the first lever, how do you truly pull off creative volume and creative diversity at scale? Like I said, the brands that are doing well right now, some of our clients even, are doing 50, 100, 200, 300, 500 new ad creatives into the ad account every single week. Every creative that you launch should differ in one of these few ways. You either need different messaging, so that means some type of change in your copy, don't use the exact same words, or you need a different visual, meaning don't use the same creator over and over, don't use the same background or hero image over and over, or you need a different format. For example, if you do an us versus them in a static ad, you should take that same concept and do it in a VSL, in a UGC context, whatever. You just need to make sure that you are changing something about the format, the visual, or the messaging. Real diversity in your ad account is when you have tons of static ads, tons of UGC content, founder-led VSLs, street interviews, testimonial-based ads, different creators, different angles, different hooks, and you are bringing that all together with creatives for each stage in the funnel and each stage of the levels of awareness. Then, once you have a few winners, it's going to allow you to open up your creative pipelines. It's going to allow you to have, you know, new concepts that you're making every single week and it's going to also allow you to iterate on your winners. And just a little nugget for that, when you're finding a lot of winners and you have good standing in your ad account, your ads are performing very well, you should probably spend more of your time making iterations of ads like that. And I don't mean, like I said, switching out the headline or, you know, switching out the hook. I mean making a true iteration where we change one of those variables at the top that I talked about. But, if your ad account is stalling, if your TAC on your winning ad is going through the roof, that's going to be the time where you need to shift most of your attention to output of new concepts. The goal of doing this is to create a constant flow of quality creative month over month. This is what's going to allow you to increase your budgets consistently and scale very, very, very efficiently. Now, the second lever is going to be making ads that actually convert. This video in total is probably going to be 10 or 20 minutes long and I've been making videos consistently for 6 months on how to make good ads and haven't even scratched the surface yet. And I've been making ads myself and organic content on the internet since I was 13 years old. I wish I can condense all of this into this little section of this video for you, but I simply cannot. At the end of the day, it's a skill that you are going to build over time. So, if you're spending $50,000 a month or more on ads and you want to outsource this, link is in the description, we do a very good job. But, if not, I would recommend reading as many direct response advertising books as possible and spending as much time as you possibly can in Ads Library. You need to understand why brands' ads are working and why your ads are not working. So, you should go do homework on the people who are at the top of this space, brands like I Am 8, Comfort, Grunt all the big savages in direct-to-consumer right now, and also look at people who are in your vertical. And also, I have tons of videos where I directly talk about specific ads and how to make good ads. I have a VSL video, I have UGC videos, I have static videos, tons of stuff that can put you on the right track to actually just making good ads. But, since I can't help you become a direct response wizard in 5 minutes, I want to give you some action items, I want to give you a what to do list of things to actually do and things not to do so you're not wasting your time on stuff that just doesn't matter. So, I'm going to give you a real action plan and some things not to do right now. First, I want to tell you some things that just do not matter, do not work, or just a to do list of things not to do. The first is detailed targeting in your ad account. This is totally done. You don't need to be doing this. Leave everything broad. Andromeda is going to just ignore most of it and the algorithm is smarter than you now. The second is going to be any lookalike audiences or custom audiences. If you're in direct-to-consumer world, you have a TAM that's large enough where you just do not need to be doing this and it's just not moving the needle very much post-iOS 14. So, broad targeting with good creative is going to win. The next thing that you shouldn't be really that worried about is campaign optimization. The impact that's going to make on your total performance is very marginal, right? You could pick you could do CBO, you could do a little bit of all of it. Personally, I like CBO a little bit better, but I'm not going to sit here and tell you that that's going to change your business or make you an extra million dollars. The last thing that I want to say is stop being lazy. There's a few things that I see people constantly comment about and all that I hear is I'm lazy whenever I hear this stuff. People DM me all the time, people comment on videos all the time. If you're still changing your hook or your headline, you're lazy. If you're doing AI UGC ads, you are lazy. Any of the practices that you're doing right now, take a look in the mirror and then ask yourself, are the biggest brands in the world doing this right now? And if the answer is no, then you should not do it either. Now, here are the things that I want you to write down and actually do. The first is going to be research. You should make a very long, deep research prompt for you to paste into Claude. You should type out manually five to 10 things that you want research done on and then if you paste that into Claude, you're probably going to get back 50 pages. It's going to save you a ton of time. It's incredibly efficient and Claude is actually pretty smart at scrolling around the internet and finding good information for you. The next part of the research that you're going to be doing is compiling a swipe file. So, how I said you should be living in the ad library, you should be. And you should have a very, very good in-depth swipe file from industry leaders and from your direct competitors. The next thing as a part of the deep research is actually read books and learn about direct response principles. The second thing that I want you to add to your to-do list is understand how to actually write briefs and follow a specific brief structure. A brief is an extremely important part of every single ad and it's going to take the thoughts from your brain and turn them into pieces of content. The third thing is going to be create a learnings document and use your brain to understand why your ads are winning and losing. And the fourth thing is >> make more volume than you think is even humanly possible. As Mr. Hormozi likes to say, do so much volume that it is impossible for you to fail. The brands that implement this system consistently are the ones scaling to eight and nine figures and the ones that don't do it are the ones that are just frankly not growing. So, that was a brief bird's-eye view of how the algorithm actually works and exactly what you should be doing to win in the new algorithm. Again, creative diversity, optimizing your performance and very systematic testing that is going to get better as time goes on. Now, the reality is building this takes a lot of time and expertise. Most brands are trying to do it themselves, you waste a lot of money and clearly you're not that good at it. That's why you're here watching this video right now. So, if you're a direct-to-consumer brand spending $50,000 a month or more and you want us to build and manage your creative system for you, I'm opening up a few strategy calls this week. I personally only take four or five calls a week because I'm very hands-on with the client work and on this call I'll audit your current ad account and show you exactly how we would build a better creative system for you using these principles. So, if you're serious about scaling with the new algorithm instead of fighting against it, there is a link below. On our landing page, we have tons of testimonials, tons of case studies, tons of ads we've made and a full video walking you through exactly how we do what we do. So, if you made it to the end of the video, hit subscribe, go watch some of my other videos that are a lot more in-depth on specifically how to make good ads of, you know, statics, VSLs, UGC. And if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word breakdown.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephensunderlin [2 likes]: I get we are supposed to "trust" the algorithm but in my not insignificant historical analysis of past broad campaigns I've identified a TON of wasted spend on audiences and placements that has never converted. My instinct is to turn this off to focus on where I know my ICP lives from the conversion data, but then to I run the risk of being punished by Meta with higher CAC and potentially lower reach since they can unload their remnant inventory using my content?
  2. @MagmuuStore [1 likes]: Oh boy, that comparison nailed it! thanks for the best content
  3. @kavinath [1 likes]: Subscribed just for the night club analogy.
  4. @Chloe-A-1568z [1 likes]: This is the most detailed breakdown I've seen on the 2026 algorithm. Really appreciate you sharing this — it's incredibly helpful.
  5. @Mehtab-b2d [1 likes]: breakdown
  6. @La3ka.z: Hey Robinson , How long does it take to set up an LLC in New Mexico as a non-resident?
  7. @micaela-bravo: Breakdown
  8. @vitorriseriomkt: High quality content. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  9. @timmyroblex: How would this work for say a info product? 19.99 ebook that solves a problem? - I find I get good CTR 2%-6% link CTR. I got 9 sales the day the ad launched, then 2, then 2, then 1 then 0 and the CPA rose.
  10. @GayurAnsari-c2e: Pls explain don't do point 3
  11. @afkishere: Completely false, at least in my case. 
I only have 5 ads in one adset / one campaign and its most stable than ever! You don’t need to make 100 ads per week to test and waste money. Now it’s much simpler then ever to run ads on Meta.
  12. @MotoMatt418: This andromeda change almost sounds like a “trust the process, bro” pitch for Meta to aimlessly toss ads out and overspend due to the lack of targeting. I’d love for the algorithm to be smarter than me-I just don’t yet trust it. Meanwhile, Meta gets richer exponentially faster.
  13. @Divy1422: Hey Jared Robinson, really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with more high Quality Editing and thumbnails which can boost your video views. Pls lmk what you think man??
  14. @F7_Sebastian: Thank you bro, for the valuable information. For reading books, what recommendations do you suggest we start with?
  15. @nathanaxson: Bro exposed Zuck. If you suddenly disappear we know why

- the entire meta ads algorithm explained in 21 mins: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Mark here. In this video, I'm going to be explaining how the entire Meta Ads algorithm actually works. A lot of people think that running ads on Facebook is just all random or that if your creative is good enough, then everything else will just magically fall into place. Well, running profitable ads on Facebook is both an art and a science. The art is the creative, but the science is exactly what I'm going to be explaining in this video, how the algorithm actually works. And more specifically than a science, it's actually an equation. And this is the one equation that is actually going to determine how profitable your ads are going to be. Now, before I break down this equation, I need to explain to you the four-step process that Facebook uses to actually show your ads, the one update that broke everybody's ad account, and at the end of this video, I'm going to put in a little something special to explain what this actually all means and how the game really works. All right, so before we get too technical, this is what you have to understand. Facebook basically goes through a four-step process to determine which ad is going to show for any particular user. Every time somebody opens up their phone on Instagram and they scroll and see an ad behind the means there's literally a 200 millisecond window where Facebook is doing all these incredible calculations and machine learning decisions to ultimately decide to put your ad in front of the user or somebody else's. So, in that one 200 millisecond period, there is literally tens of millions of ads that are competing for that one impression. And these are the four steps right here. First, you have retrieval. Second is light ranking. Third is heavy ranking. And the final piece is the auction. So, let me break this down for you. So, first up is retrieval. Retrieval is the most data-intensive portion of this entire process because as I said, there's tens of millions of ads, tens of millions that are competing for one individual spot. The process of retrieval is essentially Facebook going through and ultimately deciding, is the ad right now even remotely relevant to this user? Basically, like is it even in the right ballpark? Now, this is also the portion of the process where Facebook actually analyzes all the aspects of your creative to determine how to narrow down the audience. So, you may have heard this before, but this whole concept of your creative is your targeting. This is where Facebook is analyzing everything about your creative to determine who to show it to. This includes, but is not limited to, your hook, your format, the demographic of the users that are actually on your ad. So, for example, if you're running an ad that is featuring a woman that is 55 years old, Facebook takes note of that and it's going to use that to power the targeting to skew much more towards women and skew much more towards older women specifically. Of course, all taken into context with what the creative is actually saying. It's also looking at your copy, it's looking at your script. If you're running video ads, it's looking at your thumbnail. It's even going and looking at your landing page to determine generally who is this ad trying to target. This is a non-exhaustive list. I'm really simplifying this. Behind the scenes, it's a pretty substantial, literally an algorithm in order to determine which variable is going to correlate to which piece of targeting. And this is probably a good time to mention the Andromeda update. Andromeda what is was an update to the sorting process of the retrieval steps specifically. Mostly just because there was a massive influx of AI creative that was absolutely flooding Facebook to the point where their old model of sifting through all these creatives was not becoming very effective. This is not the only reason for the Andromeda update, but I believe this is one of the biggest ones simply due to the fact that AI has massively increased creative production for all advertisers. And now that's why Facebook is mostly looking at creative to determine targeting, not what you have going on within your ad sets. That's why you've probably seen a decline in audiences that are actually able to sustain high budgets profitably. Like I rarely use audiences like interest, and if I do, they're pretty capped in terms of budget or, you know, lookalikes or even custom audiences. Like I don't set any real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] targeting when it comes to my retargeting. I don't put any custom audiences in there. I literally just still run completely broad. And most high-skill advertisers that I speak to, they're doing something relatively similar. Maybe one exclusion of purchasers, but like other than that, very, very broad. So, if that was kind of the old way of doing targeting on Facebook, the new way is to do a lot of broad targeting. It's to do a lot of Advantage Plus campaigns, and it's usually within reason, within reason. Giving Facebook control. Like the reason that I say it's within reason is because if you give Facebook all the control, the algorithm is good, don't get me wrong, but holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the amount of suggestions that Facebook gives you that are horrible pieces of advice that are just going to drain your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bank account is obscene. And it's always been this way, too. They're still a company at the end of the day, and you are a customer. You are paying Facebook, so they still want to get your money. I'll save that for later in the video. Now, the second step is going to be light ranking. This step barely deserves a description. It's basically taking the now millions of ads instead of tens of millions, and reducing it down to thousands. There's really not a a whole lot more to say about the light ranking process. Now, the heavy ranking is the next step, which, you guessed it, if it's going from thousands of ads, you're now trying to get to a couple hundred. Now, at this point, this is like your real, legitimate competitors. Like this is the stage where competitors are actually something that you should take into consideration, because you don't have tens of millions of competitors. You just don't. You probably only have a handful, at least in the eyes of Facebook, you only have a handful. There's only 10 million advertisers total on Facebook, which may seem like a massive number, but also think about we are in e-commerce specifically, at least I'm in e-commerce specifically, which immediately narrows it pretty substantially. Now, the really important piece about the heavy ranking step is that this is where that equation actually comes into play. So, I want to take a second to talk about that, because I remember Facebook released this. They have since withdrawn it, but they released this documentation to explain how they actually assign a specific value for every single ad when they are fighting for an impression. And the one that has a higher value, obviously, is going to win the impression and the one with the lower value is going to lose the impression and get served a lower quality impression. All right, so this is the equation I was talking about. This is actually directly from Facebook. Somebody swiped it and it is still on their website, but it's not on Facebook. But this is how it's actually working underneath the hood, all right? So the total value, this is what you want to aim on maximizing, is equal to this piece first of maximizing advertiser value plus maximizing consumer value and consumer experience. So the piece to maximize your advertise value, number one is going to be your bid, which we'll get to in a second, times your estimated action rate. Since 99% of us and 99% of people watching this video are running conversion campaigns, that essentially means what is the estimated action rate to get a conversion. And if you look down here, you can see they actually break it down specifically for a conversion optimized ad, which is the estimated click-through rate times the estimated click-to-conversion rate. So the way to get gamify this, of course, is you want to have really high CTR. Historically, Facebook just loves ads that have really high CTR, and the reason why is because that is the the most pure indication of how relevant that one particular ad is to the user. So Facebook is going to reward you typically over time and as you spend more with lower cost to advertise, lower CPMs, and ideally higher quality traffic, too. So this is kind of like the first piece of that. The second piece is going to be you want to have a high, they call it like click-to-conversion. It's basically just your conversion rate, which is out of all the clicks that you had, how many actually purchased. And again, if you're running a e-commerce business, this is going to be like a legitimate purchase because that's typically what you're optimizing for. But if you're in, you know, the info industry, for example, you're optimizing for calls, what is the ratio between clicks to calls that you're getting or clicks to applications or insert your conversion here, it doesn't really matter. Facebook views a lot of this largely the same, at least in the context of this equation. So the way I like to think about this is the estimated click-through rate, I think it's actually more than the click-through rate. I think it's a culmination of all your soft metrics. So, that is your CTR, but that's also your CPC, your CPMs, your hook rate, your hold rate, cost per 3-second video view, like all these metrics that are associated with getting somebody engaged and getting them to click. And then the second half of this is how good are you at monetizing that click, taking that click through your funnel, and turning somebody who's a prospect into a buyer. Pretty straightforward. And this last piece is basically Facebook trying to save their own ass from advertisers that are incredibly aggressive and cause a terrible user experience for the users. Because if this piece just did not exist and we didn't care about the user experience whatsoever, advertisers would just flood the platform and completely just destroy Facebook as a platform because you just have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loads of scammers, not like there isn't scammers on Facebook anyways, but there would be way more. Like it would be like 50/50 instead of 80/20, which is roughly what it is right now. So, this is Facebook saying, "Hey, I want you to have the most relevant ads to the user, which is CTR, all the soft metrics, and I want you to actually get conversions for all the clicks that you're getting, which is the conversion rate, and I don't want you to piss off all of our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] users in the process." And that's the last piece. All right, so we took it from thousands of ads and now we're down to a few hundred. In fact, sometimes it could be even less than a few hundred. But now we have the final step in the process, which is going to be the auction. And the auction is exactly what it sounds like. It's all the advertisers that are left competing for that one impression and basically who can have the highest bid, of course with all the context of that equation that I said previously, that's going to be the one that wins the impression. So, majority of people watching this video right now are probably running what's called, you know, lowest cost bidding or also known as like auto bidding, which Facebook is just doing all the bidding for you, trying to get you conversions for the lowest cost possible. This is, like I said, auto bidding. You can also do manual bidding, which can come in a few different ways. Manual bidding, you can do something called cost caps, which is where you set a cap on the maximum amount that you're willing to pay to acquire a customer. You can also do bid caps, which is similar, except it's the maximum amount that you want to bid to acquire a customer. And there's some other stuff that Facebook is always releasing as well to help you optimize, you know, maximum value, target ROAS, stuff like that. But I'll tell you this, there's a lot of people that are really obsessing about cost caps or bid caps or whatever the hot, you know, manual bidding method is at the time. I can tell you for a fact, I have seen ad accounts, I have ran ad accounts that are spending multiple five figures per day. I have seen one spending six figures per day, all on lowest cost, and they're good ad accounts. They are profitable. Other people literally only run bid caps. You can see both sides of the spectrum, but the point is you should choose what is actually going to solve the constraint in your business for you. Because I talk to people all the time, they're like, "All right, in order to get from like 1K a day to 10K per day, I just got like media buy my way there." And like there's a little bit you can do, don't get me wrong. I'm not the guy that's saying like media buying is dead. I'm defending media buying. At the same time, you have to think like an entrepreneur, not like a media buyer. And just to show this entire process visually, all right, this is how Facebook actually picks ads in under 200 milliseconds. So this is the first step, tens of millions of ads competing for one impression. After that, we go through the light ranking, right? Now you can see there's substantially less, say like roughly 5,000. Next step, there's just a few hundred. Now we're going to go into heavy ranking, which is boom, now we're on the final step, which is actually competing who's going to have the highest bid. There's very few advertisers left at this step, until finally your ad is actually served. You have the highest bid, you win the impression. So again, retrieval, light ranking, heavy ranking, and the auction as the final step there. Okay, so now you know how this filtering process works, how does that actually affect your ability to create winning ads consistently and more importantly predictably churn out winners into your ad account. So there's a few other things that aren't part of that four-step ranking process that are still really important to understand so that you can have the most profitable ads as possible. All right, first I want to talk for a second about the learning phase, okay? So, the learning phase, according to Facebook themselves, is basically a phase that your ads go through, your ad sets go through, your campaigns go through, but especially at the ad level to acquire conversions so that it can learn about your customer and then you kind of exit the learning phase and go into like mature phase where you're getting more predictable consistent results. Here's my beef with this whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] term. Like that's the theory. Let me tell you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reality. Your ads are always learning. They never stop learning. There's not a learning phase and then they get out of learning phase and they're just going to be good forever. Everything dies at some point. It's just the circle of ads. So, if you are obsessing over the learning phase, just stop. Of course, the ads initially are going to be a little bit more volatile, a little bit more bumpy, and sometimes you see improvements over time with more consistency, but sometimes you don't. Sometimes the solution is literally just to make better ads. So, spending too much time on the learning phase is not super smart. The main thing I want to say here is like if you're not spending a lot of money on ads, maybe you're spending, you know, 50 bucks a day, a few hundred bucks per day, even up to like a thousand dollars per day, I think that's kind of like the barrier. If you see your results being like up and down, like it literally looks like a freaking sine wave, that is normal, okay? That's 100% normal. That's how the game works. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I experience inconsistencies. I spend way beyond 1K per day. And most advertisers do. Facebook is an emotional ass platform, man. It's a bunch of emotional human beings like you and me. Do you really expect it to be the most consistent thing on the world? If you want super duper consistent results, like go advertise on Google >> [laughter] >> and uh you know, enjoy your time, all right? Google's cool. It's got its own issues, but with Facebook inconsistencies is part of the game, but especially at lower levels of spend, you'll see people just bitching about, "Oh, I was at 3X ROAS and now I'm not profitable." I'm was "Well, how much do you spend?" He's like, "A hundred bucks." I'm like, "Come on. What what are we doing here? Like, what do you What do you expect?" So, the solution there is to, when in doubt, zoom out. Look at larger time frames with larger amounts of data, and you'll see what's really happening. Instead of being like, "Oh, today was good really good. Next day was really bad." I don't care. Look at 7 days. Look at the most amount of ad spend that you can, and that's when you'll make the best decisions, and not these emotional decisions where you're just going with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flow of Facebook taking you for a ride. Nobody wants that. All right, next I want to talk about signal quality and your EMQ and Conversions API. So, Facebook performance is often times dependent on the data that you're sending back to the ad account and back to the Facebook servers so that it can learn about your customers and reduce your cost to advertise long-term, hopefully. And with that, that means that you have to be sure that you're sending the best quality data you possibly can to Facebook because the better quality data that you send them, often times, they're going to be able to learn more about your customers and send you better customers in the future, make your ads more efficient long-term. So, you can go into your Events Manager and go to the purchase event specifically, and you'll see something called the EMQ, which is your event match quality, and it'll be on a scale of 1 to 10. I'm not saying it's a direct correlation like 10 out of 10 is super profitable ads, like five out of 10 you're going to be dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I actually think this whole concept is overrated, but I think generally speaking, it's a good thing to try to send good data to Facebook. And you can do that through Conversions API, which is simply sending your data back server-side and not only on the browser. For those that have been advertising for long enough, you know this became a big deal around iOS 14, which was launched in 2020, but it actually went into effect, I think, early 2021, and everybody's ads just kind of went to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I don't look at any conversions after the click. Like, I don't look at my CPA on Facebook at all. I always use third-party attribution tools, you know, whether that's Triple Whale, whether that's Hyros. There's so many of these out there. Like, you can build one custom now. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you could vibe code one probably in a few hours and have your own solution that you don't have to pay for at all. The issue is, because of what the update that iOS launched, all the users can now opt out of tracking from Facebook. So, everything becomes really inaccurate. Now, if you're able to use like conversions API, any server-side tracking, you can improve your EMQ and get better data into the Facebook servers to help you optimize with your ad account your ads a lot better than you are right now. So, to summarize this point, try to send Facebook good data. And also, take all the conversion data with a grain of salt. Okay, let's go. Now, the third thing here is going to be the whole concept of creative diversity. So, because of Andromeda, there was this really weird narrative where people are basically saying, "Oh, there's kind of like two types of ads that you can test." You know, you can test something completely new, we'll just call that like a new concept and that new concept, or you can test, you know, a variation. You can only do one of the two, which it's really not that simple, but let's just say for these purposes, this is what it is. And people like, "All right, all you need to do to survive Andromeda is just like pump out more new concepts and do less variations." No, variations are still highly highly effective. What Andromeda did is let's say like this is within an ad set and we're looking at the ad level, and each one of these is a new ad, right? You have ad one, two, three, and four. So, every time I launch creatives, I'm actually launching variations. So, this entire ad set, per se, will be one net new concept, but ad number two, ad number three, and ad number four will all be variations of that original net new concept. So, it's not necessarily variations of the winner. Like it's difficult to get a variation of like your top ad in an ad account to outperform the top ad. It'll do decent. It's typically not going to outperform, at least in my experience. But, variations are still highly effective because you're basically getting more at-bats at the concept level. Technically, you're testing a new concept, but you can test one concept with three different hooks, and it turns out that this variation actually ends up being the winner, and this original like net new concept is actually the loser. But, if you said variations are stupid and they don't make any sense, then you never would have figured that out, and you would have just concluded that this net new concept was a loser. When in reality, you're a loser >> for believing that. I swear I could rant on all this stuff for so much longer. I'm trying to stay focused here. Let me distill all this technical crap into something that you can actually take away. Because basically what we just did is we went through all the super autistic scientific mathematical explanations of how the Facebook ads algorithm actually works, but let's take our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hat off for a second and think like a Chad, okay? Three things you should take away. All right, number one, your creative is the targeting. Stop trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around so much with the ad sets targeting, custom audiences, lookalikes. That can be a little experimentation sandbox, but for the most part, run broad. The creative is the targeting. Number two, make good creatives that thought people from their doom scroll. Of course, easier said than done, and that's not even what this video is about, but if you just have damn good creatives, like that's literally half of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] formula. It's just having that high CTR, high soft metrics, of course, excluding the conversions. Like that's half the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] battle right there. And then third is going to be don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the user experience. Now, I have a portion of this video that I intentionally left for the end of this video for people that are genuinely serious about figuring out how Facebook works. And all this stuff that I've said so far is what we'll call, you know, by the books. A lot of it is in, you know, Facebook's own documentation or documentation that they had years ago and they have since removed, but let me tell you how the game really works. Facebook is a for-profit [snorts] company based in America. Facebook is a massive, massive company. We can assume they probably don't do everything by the books. So, what I'm really leading to here is Facebook doesn't play by the rules. I could go down the list of what this actually means, but at the end of the day, as I said, Facebook is a for-profit company. And like most companies, they are trying to get the most amount of money from the largest advertisers, and then all the smaller ones that cause like 99% of their headaches, they're not going to treat them super duper well. So, a lot of you have probably launched ad accounts and got them disabled, have ads rejected, have ad accounts banned, have business managers banned. Maybe you've had profiles banned, but you have to understand that Facebook is a company, and they're a company that is public. And what happens when you run a public company is you have to answer to your shareholders, which means depending on how the earnings reports come out regarding Facebook, Facebook is either going to constrict their guidelines, their restrictions, and this is where you see ban waves come through, which is where everybody's just getting their ad account banned, everybody's dealing with business manager bans, page bans, and then a month later it's like totally fine. That's all due mostly to earnings reports that are coming out directly from Facebook. So, depending on how those look, they will either be way more laid back, way more chill, or super duper strict. That's why saying, "Oh, you can't run like this type of format of ad on Facebook." One person runs it, gets approved. Another person runs an identical creative and gets it rejected. Why is that? Well, Facebook don't play about their rules, all right? So, what do you do about this? I mean, I'm not going to get too much into specifics because I don't know if I can. I think the main thing anyone can take away from this is just question everything. Like, when I was talking about the CAPI and the signal quality and the EMQ score, technically speaking, like it makes sense logically, theoretically, if you're able to get higher quality data back to Facebook, they should be able to optimize better. However, I haven't seen a direct correlation between that. I have had really, really good server-side setups to where my EMQ was like 9.8, 9.9. The little thing on my freaking ad account was like, matter of fact, I'll show you. I'm literally at a zero >> at a zero opportunity score, and this ad account is incredibly profitable. So, all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from Facebook, they're still wanting to get money from you. So, just because they say something or it's in their documentation or like their CEO, CMO, head of advertising is like, "This is what advertisers should do." [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Think for yourself, question everything. And I want to take a moment of silence for everyone that listened to all the Facebook suggestions at the ad level that said they would lower your cost per result by 11% and then their ads went to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] RIP. Don't listen to Facebook. Other than that, guys, I hope you enjoyed. Thank you so much for watching this video. See you on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @markbuildsbrands [7 likes]: Apply for my mentorship Brand Builders Academy: https://www.ecommercescalingsecrets.com/bba-direct-app-yt?el=mark_bba_aiadsalgo_ytd&htrafficsource=youtube_description&traffic_source=youtube_organic
  2. @jasonsin8288 [1 likes]: bro is so big he cant find any shirt that fits him. respect
  3. @aaroncooper531 [1 likes]: Thank you fucking love it dude.

I’m trying to start a social content + ads agency going hard on home businesses because it just makes the most sense as a target. Glad you pointed out it’s the actual fucking creative that’s going to stop the damn viewer and if it stops them the algorithm is happy. Fucking duhhh.
  4. @Mauzifyz [1 likes]: Thank you Jacked Magnus Carlsen, I really really needed to hear this 21 minute video.
  5. @robtobrb: Hm very interesting
  6. @TheRolland: Amazing channel Mark 🔥🔥 Thx for the practical knowledge
  7. @successhack0: Hey Mark need help asap. I am running a product in fb ads. Cpc are almost 6-8$. Cpm 250+. 50$ budget a day. Just getting 10-11 clicks on that budget. But i am getting sale every day in that 11$ how to lower cpc and cpm??
  8. @ryanonggg: This video is great especially the point on server-side tracking -- not a plug but I work for Elevar and this is EXACTLY what we see when brands turn on SST to send more quality data into their meta pixel
  9. @simonaivanova8180: Are you AI ?  🤔
  10. @Romas-Ecom: 13:06 caught my attention here lol
  11. @AEZAKMI888: Basic Media Buying knowledge yet still very helpful!
  12. @shopadonisking: This is a great video!
  13. @mohaland: Art > science
  14. @LeonardoMoreira-pz3qu: You know nobody has ever followed your advices, right? You're more of a meme than a guru.
  15. @JaguarLoco: Hey Meta, Ads here
  16. @HenryB2022: Mark has to get cold no 😂😂 id still watch if u had a hoodie on mark
  17. @xntxnxv: Hello master, thanks for the information
  18. @Girardpilled: This vid is awesome
  19. @sleepyz6358: Hey run more, ads here
  20. @dobrytworca1352: Does anyone know what niches Mark ran his e-commerce businesses in?

- How Social Media Algorithms Actually Work (And How to Beat Them): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about the social media algorithm. If you want to get more views with less effort, it's critical you understand how the algorithms actually work. And once you learn this, I guarantee you will never look at content the same way again. In this video, I'm going to break down how social algorithms work, why they pick certain videos to push over others, and the specific things you can do to make them prioritize your content. Now, this information is based on a ton of outlier data and comments made by the Instagram CEO himself. So, this is the latest and greatest for what's actually working right now. If you just follow this, your content will perform way better. By the way, if you don't know me, my name is Callaway. I have a million followers, I've done billions of views, and content is all I do all day long. All right, first, let's just start with how the algorithms actually work. And this is actually super helpful to understand. Once you hear it, it'll make a lot of sense. Social media companies only have one goal, to keep people on the platform as long as possible. When people stay longer, they watch more ads, and the companies make more money. It's as simple as that. Now, to keep you on the platform longer, they do their best to serve you the content they think you'll enjoy the most. And that means the algorithm is just one giant matchmaker. It's matching people with content. If it does a good job with this matching, you're going to keep watching and stay. But if it starts doing a bad job and it shows you stuff you don't want to watch, well then you're going to leave. It sounds simple, but this is how social algorithms work in a nutshell. Now, here's why this matters for you. If you want to hijack the algorithm and make it push your video more, all you have to do is help it make better matches with your content. [music] So, in this video, I'm going to explain exactly how to do that. And this really is the highest leverage algo hack you could ever learn. Okay, now here's how this matchmaking process actually works under the hood, so we can understand exactly what to do to manipulate it. When you post a video on social media, the very first thing the platform does is analyze what that video is about. I call this a digital fingerprint. Now, this analysis is multimodal, so it's watching your video with computer vision to understand what's going on visually. It's listening to your video with audio fingerprinting to get a better understanding of the transcript and what's actually being said, and it's also reading all the metadata, the caption, the hashtag, the creator, the location, anything else it can find. It then combines all that information together in real time to build a single contextual understanding of the video. This is called a topic mapping. Now, based on that topic mapping, the algorithm builds a fit score, which is its prediction for who it thinks will best like this video. So, at this point, you've posted it, it's analyzed it, but it hasn't been shown to anyone yet. So, we're ready to start showing the video to people. But, this is where things get interesting, because obviously the algorithm doesn't just blast your video off to millions of people right off the bat, or you'd have millions of views. This is what actually goes on under the hood. The algorithm uses its fit score to pick roughly 200 people to show the video to first. This is called the initial sample test group. If it could rank all 100 million people that are on the app at one time, this is the group of 200 people it thinks will like the video the most. Now, very important, of these 200 people, most of them are non-followers, because the algorithm wants to test how well strangers react to your video. It knows followers should like it, cuz they already follow you, but if strangers like it, too, well, then that means this is a really good video. This is why when people say followers don't matter anymore, they're kind of right. They don't matter in the sampling process, because most of those 200 people are non-followers. They're strangers to you. Now, based on the metrics from this initial sample group of 200 people, the algorithm is going to get positive, neutral, or negative data back. Essentially, of those 200, how many of them liked and watched the video? What was the set of data? If the data is positive, that means the algorithm's guess of the fit score was accurate. And so, it knows exactly what type of person to push the video to further. The next time it pushes, let's say it's 2,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 20,000 people. And if that's good, then it's 200,000 people. And it just keeps going until the data starts coming back weaker. Now, if the original data was neutral, kind of good, kind of bad, the algorithm will redo its fit score and push the video again. But this time, only to maybe another group of 200. It doesn't go crazy to 20,000. It just resamples. If the data is negative right off the bat with those 200, well then the algo's going to tighten up and stop pushing almost immediately. And again, it slows down that push because it doesn't want to risk alienating people and pushing them off the platform because they see a bad video. So, if you're in the 200 view jail, or you post a video and it flops, what this really means is that the algorithm got bad data back from that initial sample group of 200. Now, one more thing before we move on this. The reason why even million view banger videos eventually slow down is because even those run out of people that want to watch it. The data gets bigger, bigger, bigger, and then eventually it starts to fade off. So, in a nutshell, this is how social algorithms actually work under the hood. This is what happens when you go to post a video. You post it, it does the topic mapping, it samples with a group of roughly 200 people, and then it either boosts, retries, or stops immediately based on how the sample data comes back. So, what does all this actually mean for you tactically? Knowing this is happening under the hood, how can you best adjust your content strategy to take advantage and get the algorithm to push you more? That's what we're going to go through right now. If you want to hijack the algorithm to get more views, you only need to do two things. Number one is to help the algorithm build a better fit score, so that it finds the best possible sample group of 200 people to go to first. And then number two is to make sure that sample group actually likes and engages with your video. Because if the sample group is the right fit, and they actually like your video, well then you're going to be in great shape because the algo will get amazing data back and just [music] keep boosting you to more and more people. So, what I'm going to do now is break down the tactics for how to trigger both of those things. Helping find the right sample group, and then helping make sure that sample group engages well. This is essentially the systematic process for activating the algorithm and getting it to work for you. Now, if you like how I'm breaking this down, kind of from like a scientific and psychology perspective, I actually just published a free guide doing the same thing for my entire content system. It's from ideas to hooks all the way to monetization. Science-based and data-backed. This is the exact content system I ran last year to generate hundreds of millions of views and millions in profit from content. It's also the same thing I install with business owners when I work with them one-on-one. Completely free, my gift to you. You can get it below or at the link shortformsytem.co. All right, let's talk sample groups. What can you do to help the algorithm build a better fit score and find a stronger sample group for your video? Here's the answer, very simple. All you have to do is consistently make videos about the same topic for the same audience avatar over and over and over. You want to become intentionally precise and narrow with the topics you pick and how you position. Here's why. After a few similar videos in a row, the algorithm will start to understand that your channel talks about X topic for Y avatar profile. It will then have built sample groups for all those previous videos and have a very clear understanding of who to go back to from an avatar perspective. The more this avatar group is the same over time, the more confident the algorithm can be when it dials this in. Now, this process of consistently making videos about the same few topics for the same avatar is called audience matching. And if there's one content principle I swear by, it's this. When you make videos for lots of different topics for several different avatars, the sample data comes back mixed and the algorithm gets confused. When it's confused, it pushes your video less because it doesn't want to risk bad fits to bad viewers. For example, imagine you made three videos. One on tech, then the next one on health trends, and then the next one on politics. The algorithm would have no idea what your fourth video is going to be about. And because of this, it doesn't know which of your previous three videos it should model its fit score after. So, let's say your fourth video also ends up being about health trends. Chances are the algorithm's going to build a blended fit score across those first three videos. A little bit of people from tech, a little bit of people from health trends, and a little bit of people from politics. Not literally those people, but influence from who liked those videos. And when it does this, the fit score targeting for your fourth video is going to be a mix of all three. And so, when it pushes it, of course, the sample data for the health trends video that also has tech and politics type viewers is going to come back weak. This will result almost certainly in your video flopping. What this means in simple terms is that if you want to help the algorithm find the right sample group and build a better fit score, you got to keep your topics and audience selection narrow consistently. And this means sometimes saying no to ideas that seem viral, but would resonate with the wrong audience. Even one viral hit to an audience outside of your core demo will result in the next several videos having poor sample data because it confuses the algorithm. This discipline in topic and audience selection is very important, and typically beginners that are starting out are spraying and praying all over the place, and they don't have this. Okay, so that's one side of the equation. Very simply, just narrow your topic and audience, and your sample fit will go up. Now, on the other side of the equation, the two-part piece was making sure, once you have that sample, that it actually engages well with your video. And that means they watch it, they like it, they save it, they share it, they comment, they repost, all the engagement metrics, as many as we can possibly get. >> [music] >> So, what can we do on this side to make sure that initial sample data from these people comes back strong? Well, when the algorithm's gauging if it's strong or not, it's really only looking at three core metrics. The first one is average watch time. How long did someone watch in a number of seconds per video? And also, by proxy, percent completion. What percent of the video was completed on average? The second metric is engagement rate. So, this is likes plus comments plus shares divided by views. And the third, which is really important and nobody can access, is called watch time session share. In a session for a viewer, if they're on there for 60 minutes, how many of those 60 were spent watching your videos? That percentage is watch time session share. You can't access this anywhere, but it's a critical metric that social algorithms use to know how influential your content is. >> So, the million-dollar question for you is how can you improve these metrics? What can you do in your video to make sure those metrics go up so the sample data comes back clean, so that it just pushes your video to more people? Well, a short, cheeky answer is if you want the metrics to go up, you just make better videos with better ideas, stronger hooks, better storytelling, and more interesting visuals, obviously. But, that's not helpful at all. So, is there anything tactical you can do at a studs level to increase the effectiveness of those videos? And if you watch this channel a lot, you already know, of course there is. There's only four things you need to do to make your video better so that that engagement rate goes off the charts. >> Number one is that the topic needs to be relevant for the ideal viewer. This is obvious, and it goes with the first piece I said. What you cover has to actually solve a problem that they have. If that's the case, engagement will go up. Number two, the information you share needs to be both non-obvious and tactically implementable. Is it new stuff they haven't heard before, and can they actually use it to solve that problem? If those things are true, the engagement rate will go up. Number three, the viewer has to actually have a high absorption of the information you say. It could be on target and non-obvious, but if they can't actually understand what you're saying, then they can't apply it. So, if they could apply it, the engagement rate will go up. And then number four, there needs to be a short distance to implement your recommendations. Tactically implementable means they can take a little bit of action and get a big result based on your promise. Now, you won't typically hear people frame it in this way, but if your content has those four attributes, I guarantee you're going to have higher engagement. If you have higher engagement, the data comes back more positive, they push it to more of the people, those people are people you want, and the flywheel spins. What this really means, those four things in layman's terms, you got to cover a core pain point or problem they have. You got to have something useful or interesting to say. You got to say it in a way they can actually understand, and they have to be able to take what you say and apply it on their own. Those are the four horsemen to driving good video performance. If you do this, you're set, and that's really all you need to hijack the algorithm to push you more. Pick an avatar, stick to it, narrow your topic selection, and then drive those four things home. When you do this, the sample group will stay dialed, and they'll all engage with the video at a high rate. Incidentally, these four factors are also how you turn viewers into buyers. If you want people to buy, those four components also make sense to include in the video. They're kind of like the core DNA if you're trying to build a money machine with content. Now, I'll say this, the easiest way to make sure you're picking the right topics that actually work for your avatar group is to just study the videos that are already working in your niche. It shocks me how few people actually do this, but in sandcastles.ai, you can build a group of competitor channels that are already crushing, and just filter by outlier score to see all the best performing videos. There's now this feature where if you save the video to library, you can see all the attributes. I'm talking transcript, topic, the exact hook, the exact storytelling mechanics, everything about the video that drove the curiosity. You can then take that, remix it. Everything you need is right in there. So, all you need to do if you're confused on which topics to pick for your avatar group, just go in sandcastles and use this resource. It shocks me how few people are using data to make their topic decision. This basically guarantees that you're serving the right stuff to your audience. Now, before I end this video, I just want to include one more bonus topic around the algorithm. Because I know my explanation is a little bit theoretical, hopefully it made sense, hopefully it helped you, you have action items to work on. But, I just want to include one more thing at a tactical level that you can take away and really hammer value from this video. Another way to drive algorithmic push is to increase the number of comments on your video. Most people know this. There are five things you can do tactically to increase the number of comments you're getting. Number one is to take a hard stance on your topic. People typically comment when they violently agree or disagree, mostly disagree, with whatever your stance is or perspective. If you play the middle and hedge, you're going to get fewer comments. So, I recommend you pick a side, pro or con, and that will drive comments. [music] Number two is to pick the side that is the contrarian side. Like I said, people love to comment when they disagree, when they think you're wrong. If you pick the contrarian side, that means you think the majority of people are wrong, which means they'll think you're wrong. The majority of people will want to comment because they disagree with you. If you create more enemies, you drive more comments. Tip number three is to amplify the stance you take by ratcheting up the way you frame your points. If you said something like, "This is the best way to cook pasta." versus, "This pasta is better than all the mom and pop pasta shops in the world." Which one is going to drive a more violent discussion in the comments? The more extreme version, of course, always is. So, that's how you ratchet up your stance. Tip number four is to build your topics around cult-loved brands, people, ideas, and movements. The more you talk about things people already have made up their opinion on, the faster they're willing to jump into the comments, especially if they disagree. For example, if you take a stance on Nike versus just the category of shoes, more people will have already made up their opinion whether they like or dislike Nike, and it will trigger them to comment. Tip number five is to position your take or stance to drive significant emotion. The more people feel something when they watch your video, the more they're going to feel compelled to want to comment. Now, those five things around comment, that was just a little extra sprinkle to give you more tactics on how to drive activation and engagement to make the algorithm push you. All of those feed back to picking the right topic for the right group. So, it's kind of like a sub point on what I just went through. Hopefully that's helpful and you can put that to use. All right, guys. That's all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered a lot of ground. We really broke down the ins and outs of how social algorithms work and how you theoretically and fundamentally can hijack them to push your videos more. I tried my best to kind of demystify this black box and give you tactics that you can use to your advantage. As always, guys, I'm trying my absolute best to give you perspectives that most people don't cover in a tactical bite-size way that you can actually put to work. What you typically see about the algorithm is talking about settings, hacks, or these little caption tweaks. None of that stuff actually works. If you think that actually works, you need to watch this video again. Posting time does not matter. Hashtags in your captions don't matter. The captions themselves don't matter. The only thing that matters is making great videos for a specific avatar group across a narrow band of topics over and over and over. That's the only thing that matters. That is the cake. Everything else is the icing. Focus on the cake. As a reminder, if you want access to my full content system, this is the exact blueprint I use with my own team. How I find ideas, how I write hooks, how I validate these things, how I do research, my entire funnel to turn viewers into dollars, literally everything. I've got it linked below for free, my gift to you, shortformsytem.co. And if you have any other topics around social media growth, around content and content systems that you want me to cover or that you feel blocked on, just drop them in the comments. We use the comments to inform the database of videos that we make next. So, anything you guys are stuck on, please put it in the comments. It will help greatly to inform what we should make. All right, guys. That's all we've got. We will see you on the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @islamiclifeguide: We publish quran reading in english
  2. @cl_oud_chaser: I don't even get 200 views lol
  3. @Wasabibix: Comments do not matter. I’m a recipe content creator and I’ve had high views in both saying to type “recipe” for the recipe, and just having the recipe in the caption. I’ve also seen creators with HIGH comment volume 1K+ comments on a reel and their reel is only 50K views 😅. Saves + shares matter more!  I hit 1M+ views on multiple reels in a row and have learned this over time.
  4. @arezuu.editss: thankss bro
  5. @BOSREELS: im literally here because of my 600 views
  6. @FarFromYourRoots_FFYR: Create genuine content
  7. @Ask_baba: Best 17 minutes I have ever spent on YouTube. Thank you 🙏 so much. This was very insightful
  8. @amazonfbafornincompoops2692: So I can't make posts about Conservative values (Christian and political posts), health, travel, and satire (on all of the above topics)?  It jas to ne more niched or is there a way to make it work?
  9. @ColdwaveMoments: Good luck for us New Youtuber! 🔥
  10. @nextlevel5265: Such a confused algorithm. The artificial doesn’t seem so intelligent.
  11. @howtochannel-g6j: You won’t waste your time watching this!!
  12. @stylebro454: Nice 👍
  13. @alessia_morello: I just started my YT channel last week, perfect timing for these advices!! Hoping it’ll work tho 🤞🏻🥺
  14. @salinTamang-c4u: does anyone else get punished after a post pops off? like the next 5 videos die. the creator’s explanation made it sound normal, but ugh. SeoLab Agency.
  15. @Mr.VijaySingh-s7k8w: thanks for breaking it down like this
  16. @Movieinmintsja: One Subscribe, One Step Toward Education.
This channel was created with a dream — to one day open a free education center for underprivileged children. Every subscription, view, and support brings us closer to giving a child the opportunity to learn, grow, and build a better future. 🙏
  17. @Splice-Edits: Thank you brother Please made a video on hot to unfreeze youtube views
  18. @idunno-i5b: i want to get viral guys
  19. @MollieRolison: I have a fashion design channel but I was a beauty creator  what do I do ?
  20. @theeonlypleasure: wow thank you for this great information & i have also realized you practiced what you teached with this same video. well done

- Joaquin Quinioñero-Candela - Responsible AI at Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone jeremy here welcome back to the podcast i'm really excited about today's episode because we'll be talking about how responsible ai is done at facebook now facebook routinely deploys recommender systems and predictive models that affect the lives of literally billions of people every day with that kind of reach comes huge responsibility among other things the responsibility to develop ai tools that are ethical and fair as well as well characterized this really isn't an easy task human beings have spent thousands of years arguing about what fairness and ethics even mean and we haven't come to anything close to consensus on these issues and that is exactly why the responsible ai community has to involve as many disparate perspectives as possible when they're determining what policies to explore and recommend and that's a practice that facebook's responsible ai team has applied itself now for this episode of the podcast i'm joined by joaquin quinonero candela the distinguished tech lead for responsible ai at facebook joaquin's been at the forefront of ai ethics and the ai fairness movement for years and he's overseeing the formation of facebook's entire responsible ai team basically from scratch so he's one of relatively few people with hands-on experience making critical ai ethics decisions at scale and seeing their effects play out now our conversation is going to cover a whole lot of ground from philosophical questions about the definition of fairness itself to practical challenges that arise when implementing certain ai ethics frameworks this is a great one i'm so excited to be able to share this episode with you and i hope you enjoy it as well joaquin well thanks so much for joining me for the podcast thank you jeremy thank you for for having me it's a great pleasure and i absolutely love your podcast well thanks so much it's a thrill to have you here i'm really excited for this conversation there's so much that we can discuss but i think there's a situational piece that'll be useful to tee things up and that's a short kind of conversation about your background how you got into the space how somebody just came in from outside of ml an academic journey and then and then eventually came to the position that you're in which is leading up the responsible ai initiative at facebook how did you get there we have to have a deal where you can interrupt me whenever you want because once i once i'm talking and talking about my journey you know i can go on i think at a very very high level um i finished my my phd in in machine learning in 2004. uh at the time very few people used the word ai uh in in the community that i was in you know the new rips community was mostly an ml community i had a little stint at being an academic i was a postdoc at the at the max blank institute in in germany and then i had my my first transition was i joined microsoft research in cambridge in the uk in uh january as a as a research scientist and so what happened there was a very fundamental thing in my career which is that i i came across product teams that were using machine learning in particular we started to talk to the team that would become the the bing organization so microsoft search engine before it launched and we started to apply ml to increase the relevance of of ads for for people and and specifically we were building uh models that would predict whether someone would click on an ad if they were to see that ad that work really got me hooked to the idea that that ml was not just something that you did in scientific papers but it was something that you could actually put in in in production so in 2009 um the the bing organization asked me hey why don't you leave the comfort of microsoft research you know that comfortable is a research environment and why don't you become an engineering manager and sort of lead a team within within bing so i did just that it was probably one of the most stressful and dramatic transitions in my life because i knew i knew nothing about being an engineering leader you know i i i wasn't used to doing you know road mapping headcount planning budgeting uh being on call you know being responsible for a key production component so it was pretty stressful but at the same time it was wonderful because it gave me the view of the other side and and one thing that has been recurring in my in my whole career and still is now is this idea of technology transfer right like like the funnel that goes from a white board and some some math some ideas some some research some experiment all the way to a production system that needs to be maintained and running and so um this transition gave me a first person view into that other world on the other side of research that are the world where sometimes you know as a researcher you'd go and say hey you all should consider using this cool model i just built and you know people go like i don't have time for this you know i'm busy right so now all of a sudden i was sort of on the other on the other side it was a great it was a great experience uh ended up also helping to build the auction optimization team as well so that got me to learn a little bit about mechanism design and and and economics and auctions and then i came to facebook in may 2012 i joined uh the ads organization i started to build out the machine learning team for ads and then i think the second big moment in my career happened which is that i think the phrase i i would tell everyone is it just hit me really hard that wizards don't scale so the challenge we had is um we had a we had a few brilliant machine learning uh researchers on facebook but the number of problems we needed to solve just kept increasing right and and we were almost gated by our own ability to to move fast people would be building models in their own box you know having their own sort of process for shipping them to production and i felt the whole thing was was slow and the obsession became how can we accelerate research to production how can we build the factory and that was an interesting time because uh all of a sudden uh the the difficult decision there was to say well rather than rushing to build the most complicated neural network for ranking and recommendations possible let's just stick to the technology we have which is which is reasonable we were using boosted decision trees and we were using sort of online linear models and things like that which are you know relatively simple at large scale that's that's maybe not that simple um but the idea was like can we ship every week can we go from you know taking many weeks from yeah that was a vision the vision was shipped every week it became almost like the the mantra like everyone was like ship every week and so that led us to build the entire um ecosystem for managing the path from research to to production and it did many things it's a set of tools that we built across the across the company it's sort of uh it's interesting because it was focused on ads only the idea was that it would be very easy for anyone in ads building any kind of model to predict any kind of event on any kind of surface to actually share code share ideas share experimental results almost also to actually to know who to talk to actually a big a big thing is to build a community right the vision was for this to be uh agnostic to to the framework you you actually uh express your models in you know when tensorflow and keras became became popular we we supported that of course uh we support pytorch but if you if you really want to write stuff from scratch and c plus plus be our guest it's pretty agnostic right it's all about sort of a managing workflows and yeah you know what ended up happening is that teams started to to ask to adopt what we were building and um fast forward in time what happened is that the entire company adopted what we what we built we started to add specialized services on top for computer vision for nlp for speech for recommendations machine translation basically everything and uh and that led to the creation too of a team called applied ml which i which i helped build and and led for uh for a few years which uh essentially just provided for the entire company and sort of democratized uh ml and put it in the hands of of all product teams the idea was that you know since wizards don't scale you don't need that many wizards the wizards will be the the the creators of you know fundamental innovation but then you can have an ecosystem of hundreds uh if not thousands of engineers across the company who can very easily leverage and and build on on those things so i did that until three years ago uh essentially and i i'll i'll take a breath here in case you want to ask me any question about this part before we transition into i guess what would become then the the third big moment which is a transition to responsibility one of the the big take-homes for me and this especially with the the second phase of your career is you're talking about implementing processes like getting really really good at implementing processes and it seems to me anytime people talk about ai ethics ai fairness that sort of thing that this is like this is the thing that gives me chills or makes me a little bit nervous about the whole space is the the the apparent lack of consistency it's hard to know like what ai fairness is what ai ethics is it seems like everyone has a different definition and it's also unclear to me how even once we have those definitions we can then codify them into processes that are replicable and scalable so that expertise must have been critical right i mean that that that process development flow that's going to map on to the the fairness in ai work it it does now you you hit um you hit the nail on the on on the head it's interesting because a lot of the things we we did when we were democratizing ai inside the company are being very helpful now that we're working on responsible ai although maybe that was not the first idea we had in mind but the idea that right now we have the tooling that allows us to see what are all of the you know models that are deployed in production across across facebook and who's built them and what went into them turns out to be to give you sort of this level of abstraction and consistency which is which is uh really important but of course there's a a lot more to to responsible ai like you said uh there is broad disagreement um on definitions of of concepts so maybe let me tell you about my own journey uh into into that world i had been following with a corner of my eye the fairness accountability and transparency workshop uh i believe the first year it took place was probably 2014 or something like that at eurips and then it kept it kept sort of recurring and then um i believe 2018 might be the year where it spun out and uh in fact i attended that that workshop it was it became its own sort of separate conference and it took place 2018 was in new york but just just before that end of 2017 at the new rips conference there were a couple of fundamental keynotes uh by people like kate crawford or sullen baroques and and many others and it just became it just became obvious to me like like my my whole brain you know exploded in a way and i thought the time is now it's obvious time is now we need to put the food on the gas here we need to go all in we need to go from you know in initial efforts uh to really really uh build a big dedicated effort that focuses on on responsible ai and then as a you know with my background as someone who loves math and as someone who loves uh engineering and as someone who loves processes and platforms and giving tools right giving people tools sort of okay well i think we can figure algorithmic bias out in a couple of months it can't be that hard yeah it can't be that hard how hard can it be i thought you know let's take a look here so i looked at i looked at some of the work some of the some of the definitions and then of course you know immediate immediately it became clear this is work by arduin arvind narayanan who gives this beautiful talk like 20 21 definitions of fairness and their politics there's a talk he gave at that 2018 uh at the time it was called the fat star conference now it's called fact um in the community we're great at coming up with terrible names like nibs and fat and then then we sort of uh luckily we rename them um we'll fast and break things so so i thought okay well that's fine out of these 21 definitions you know there seems to be some of the definitions of fairness try to equalize outcomes between groups some of the definition of fairness try to focus on treating everyone the same and they're like okay how many do we really need it's like maybe implement a couple you know i imagine i could drop down a drop down box you know we're like okay which one do i pick you know as a as a practitioner um i thought you know we can have beautiful visualizations of like data composition broken down by subgroup you know accuracy of your model calibration curves like all these things i'm like okay we we got this you know we can get this done in a couple of months then it hit me like a like a ton of bricks that that ai fairness is not primarily an ai problem and that and that math does not have the answer and that it's extremely it's extremely context context dependent what definition of fairness you should you should use that you need to build um multidisciplinary teams that involve people who come from moral and political philosophy that's actually extremely important and probably the most important one of all is that is that fairness is not a property of a model it's not it's not a it's not a status box it's actually a process fairness is a process in fact i'm going to till the camera a little bit and show you i intentionally am wearing this t-shirt we made for the team that says fairness is a process ah very nice so this this is a set of t-shirts we we built for the we built for the team because i i kept repeating this all the time and so the you know the uh our our executive assistant for the team one day came up with this pile of t-shirts for everybody says okay you all keep saying all the time this is a process we'll hear you so anyway we wear them with pride um you you're never done the thing the thing that would be a bit hard for an engineer to think about it is that this is not like oh i'm gonna build you know this microphone here and it's it's done right it's i've tested it it works uh it's not like that and if you go back in time i guess humanity has been discussing fairness since aristotle and yeah and we're still discussing and we don't agree and and it becomes political as it should because you have different ideologies so you need to build these processes that are multidisciplinary that involve risk assessments surfacing the the decisions documenting how how how you make them and and all of that and that's only for fairness obviously in in responsible ai you have many other dimensions to tackle as well i i love the idea of fairness as a process partly because there's well there's this well-known principle called goodheart's law as soon as you define a metric you say we're going to optimize this in one number then all of a sudden people find ways around it they find hacks they find cheats arguably seeing that with the stock market today you know the time was back in 1950 as a general rule if the stock market went up people's quality of life went up but now we're seeing a decoupling as people start to play games and politics and optimize around it um so yeah this seems like i mean is this part of the strategy is like recognizing the fact that you there's no single loss function no single optimization function to improve and instead look like let's focus on the process absolutely um i have several things like i'd like to say about this first of all every single metric is imperfect even if you're not working on on unfairness specifically the moment you set a a metric goal and in particular i think one of the reasons that many technology companies are very successful is that i think we can iterate fast we can be very quantitative we can be metrics driven and and we can we can move those metrics but that at the same time is also potentially our oculus heal right that is that is what can actually get you into into trouble so it's essential to develop very strong critical thinking and it's essential to develop what we call counter metrics right like like other other metrics that work sort of in in a position which you should not make worse as you make this one metric better but even if one of those actually that sounds like a fascinating idea a simple idea imagine that you are trying to improve the accuracy of a speech recognition system uh and you're measuring it by by a word error rate or something like that whatever you whatever you want so one counter metric you could build if you cared about about fairness is you could uh you could actually break down you could desegregate your metric say by uh you know in the u.s you could do this by by by some geographical grouping since uh you know accents vary across across the country and then your counter metric could be that it could be that you cannot decrease performance for any group right because because averages will always get at you right like you can actually you can you can make things twice you know uh better for the majority group you can make them worse for another group and you might not even realize right so that'd be that'd be sort of like a very fairness-centric um metric but you could imagine many other many other scenarios where you're trying to optimize many aspects of an experience and there are certain things that you don't want to sort of make make make worse you talked about i think one of the first comments you made about this was fairness or definitions of fairness are not a challenge for like the data scientist that's not something they should have to worry about which makes total sense data scientists don't have time to get philosophy degrees and degrees in public policy but then i guess it's so it's going to be someone's job ultimately and whether that's a policy maker or somebody with like more of a liberal arts background one question that comes to mind is like the character of conversations around these metrics gets really deeply technical really fast yeah and i imagine like just being able to communicate the nature of the decisions being made like that's its own challenge do you see that coming up a lot and are there any strategies that you use to address that challenge it's a challenge um one of the things we've been we're we've been having success with is to define a consistent uh vocabulary for for talking about fairness across the company and also a consistent set of of that are uh increasing in their in their complexity to make this very concrete and illustrated with with examples one of the most fundamental definitions of fairness you can have is to ask the question does my product work well for all groups the the question of defining groups is very context dependent as well of course um to my left i have our our uh our facebook portal camera and it has a smart ai that is capable of tracking people if video conferencing with my parents in in spain or my parents in law in germany which is basically now you can imagine how our weekends go with our kids always sort of video conferencing with them we've actually given them some of those devices too because it's really annoying if you if you have your your phone that you're using to you know to to skype or to facetime or to use whatever software you use it's really annoying to sort of you know try to keep you know the frame centered and so on and so with portal it's it's magic but the ai that that tracks people and that sees if you have two people uh you know to zoom it out crop and center and everything you can't take for granted that it's gonna work equally well across skin tones or or genders or or ages right in that context you can say well how do i define a minimum quality of service and the minimum quality of service is going to be uh that the the failure rate where someone gets cropped out or something has to be smaller than a certain small percent of the of the time or of number of frames or sessions or something right and that's that's a reasonable that's a reasonable concept this idea of minimum quality of service i want my product to work well enough for everybody of course within the context of my product one of the key questions is hey given what you're trying to build who are the most sensitive groups you should consider later on if you want i'll i'll put something in the in the topic jar which is we can talk about uh election interference and we can talk about how ai can help in that context and we can talk about the india elections and we can sort of then reason about what groups are are relevant in the in that context but back to the second um to the to the portal example the the most basic set of questions about about fairness would be hey can you desegregate your your metrics teams have typically launched criteria right so the data science the the ml team will say hey is this model good enough well the question is instead of having a null up metric desegregated by group in this case it could be skin tone there's a many scales you can you can use for this age and gender and then for each of those buckets look at the bucket for whom uh the performance is worst and imagine that that was the only population you had would you still launch right uh if the answer is no then maybe you need to sort of sit back and sort of figure out okay how do i how how do i make sure that i'm not leaving anybody behind then leading leading to the india elections there is one um set of questions and one definition of fairness that is more um comparative in nature in a way minimum quality of service compares against the bar but it doesn't it doesn't necessarily you know then worry about oh it may work still a bit better for a group than another it's fine as long as it works you know yeah well enough for everybody and i'll put another topic in the in the topic jar which is a you know good arts law and how how even you know you can sort of game or or screw up your minimum quality of service as well but the next the next level up would be uh equality or equality of treatment right you could sort of say okay well i actually care about differences in performance and the india elections example goes goes like this um last year around uh april may if i remember correctly we had the the biggest elections in the history of humankind i think it was close to a billion registered voters or or something along those lines a little bit less than that but massive and you know in a time where there are many concerns of misinformation and attempts of manipulation the way the way we would tackle this without ai would be to have humans who are given uh standards community guidelines uh content policies and who check that content doesn't violate those and then if it does you sort of take them down but the problem is at the scale of this election and at the volume we have there's no number of humans you can hire to to do this right so then what you need to do is uh you need to prioritize the work because obviously you know my uh my posts about me playing the guitar or uh you know featuring my my cat or my dog don't you know we shouldn't waste time reviewing those but if there are issues that politicians are discussing or even if it's not politicians organizations are talking about uh you know civic content content that discusses uh social or political issues then we should prioritize those so we built a we built an ai that does just that that we would call it the civic classifier so what it does is it it sifts through content and it identifies content that is likely to be uh to be civic in nature and then prioritize that for review by humans what's the fairness problem well the fairness problem is that in india you have i think it's over 20 official languages and and there are many regions that have very different cultural characteristics so really if you break down your population into regions and languages you can see how those actually correlate with with things like uh like religion or caste right and like the social issues that concern people in different regions are different but now you have an ai that's prioritizing where we put those human resources to review content what happens if that ai only works well for a couple of languages and it doesn't work for others so if you take the language analogy what happens if it if it overestimates risk for a language meaning we would prioritize we put more human resources to review posts from in that language and if it under predicts or underestimates the the the likelihood that something is civic in nature for another language then we're not allocating enough human resources there and then we decided not to not to stop by minimum quality of service we thought this is a case where we really want equal treatment and since what we have here is a is a binary classifier that outputs a number between zero and one that that sort of is what's the probability that this piece of content is civic then what we said is well we want those calibrations do those predictions to be well calibrated for every single language and every single um and every single region so again you the notion of fairness there we sort of uh set a higher bar because we didn't because this was like about fairness of our location of resources um yeah and then just to complete the picture the the third uh common uh uh definition and sets of questions associated that we're also using internally is around equity and is around asking not just should we treat everybody or end everything the same or should the performance of a system be above a certain bar for for everybody the question then becomes is there any group of people for example for whom the outcomes the product outcomes deserve special attention and this can be because there might be some um historical context that we should take into account and one example we've seen um in 2020 in the in in the wake of uh racial justice awareness in the us has been the the focus for example uh at facebook on um on business outcomes for for black uh owned businesses so we've we've built uh product efforts that that help give visibility to to black owned businesses because we felt that the facebook platform has he has the opportunity to to help improve a situation that was already there this was a uh many times the question right when you when you think about about fairness too is is one of responsibility right it's like okay people may say well but society is biased and and here i am i've built a neutral piece of technology um you know i don't have skin in this game and and i think what we're saying is it doesn't work that way right um your piece of technology can reflect these biases it can't perpetuate them you can't it can encapsulate them inside a black box that legitimizes them or or that makes them uh uh you know very difficult to debug or understand and then on the flip side you know technology can also make outcomes better for everybody uh but you know sometimes we have to ask ourselves is there any group that we're gonna prioritize that was a lot of words uh no i think i think it's hard to answer the question how is fairness managed at in in a tweet or less but um i think it's it's really interesting the different kind of lenses and different approaches to fairness you're describing from a process standpoint one of the things i'd be really curious about is where within the organization does the decision with respect to which standard of fairness to apply come from and do you think that there do you think that the process for making that is currently like formalized and kind of structured well enough obviously there's going to be iteration but do you feel like you have a good sense for how that process should be structured yeah so we're we're building the process but the what was very clear to us is that it's a hub and spokes model so we have a we have a centralized responsible ai team that is multi-disciplinary it has as i mentioned earlier not only ai scientists and and engineers but it also has moral and political philosophers and social scientists and what that team does is is the whole uh layer cake between you know that ranges providing uh an unethical framework for asking some of these questions to then going more into the so that would be like the qualitative part if you will then going more into the quantitative part which is like hey how do we no now you talked about equality versus minimum quality of service and for equality you talked about binary classifiers what does that actually mean in math like like what do i look at do i look at false positive rates between groups or something like that answer no we don't necessarily because that has problems but you know what what do you do right and then there's another layer uh uh beneath this which is more the platform and tooling integration so how do we again leveraging all of the work we had done in applied ml how do we make it really easy and really sort of uh friendly to be able to break down the predictions of your algorithm you know by groups etc so you have this entire layer cake including things like office hours which are actually really important uh it is centralized and then what you what you see is that every um every product team is building their own embedded expert group that will that will collaborate very closely with with the centralized team and the reason you have to do it this way is that you need a centralized team to have consistent uh practices consistent terminology and definitions but the decisions to your point earlier need to be made in context and so it would be impractical and inefficient to help the centralized team make hundreds of decisions that are that are very context-dependent and then the biggest thing is because we said it's a process you don't make the decision once and you're done right you you keep at it right yeah uh i think it's uh just as a side note uh i watched the movie coded by us by uh shalini kentaya it features uh joy baller winnie and tim nick gabriel and kathy o'neill and many other brilliant uh researchers on on unresponsible ai and i think it must be really dangerous to try to cite people live and then get the person wrong one of them i'm going to keep it at that level of a structure because i don't remember who said it one of them said something like um many of these responsible ai practices like like fairness they're like hygiene it's like like you have to brush your teeth every day um and so and so that's how i think about it and you have to do it in context of your of your of your product right so we're seeing um an increasing number of product teams build their own embedded uh effort and we collaborate very very closely with them and how do you decide like so there's an almost economic aspect to this that i'm fascinated by i think i saw amanda askall one of openai's ai policy uh specialists she tweeted about this idea that there's a motif right now in the ai ethics community that like if i can find a reason that an algorithm is bad then that algorithm simply should not be deployed like there's kind of that that vibe in the zeitgeist to some extent where people will say oh like this this algorithm like discriminates in this marginal way and of course we know all algorithms will inevitably discriminate in some way so there's got to be some kind of some kind of threshold of some sort where we say okay this is like this is too much and this is not enough how do you think about the i guess the economic trade-off from that standpoint i mean you could you could try to you know de-bias algorithms until the cows come home but at some point something's got to get launched so yeah i guess how do you think about that trade-off i think it's extremely difficult to come up with a purely quantitative answer to that question right i mean i mean as a as a again as a as a math and engineering person i'd love to build a cost function where i say if i'm reducing hate speech using ai the cost of a false positive is forty dollars yeah three cents and and so that's very that's very hard i think what that touches on i think is on a few things it touches i think on um transparency and it touches on governance and and where i think where i believe things are going to go is that the expectation is going to be that um when you build ai into a product that you are very transparent about the risk benefit analysis there's a there's a phrase that i'm using these days and i'm probably stealing it from someone and i don't know uh this idea of ai minimization um this idea of uh you know in the same way as people talk about data minimization so aai minimization you know should i should i should my instinct instead of my thing being let's use ai because it's cool right it should be like can i do it without ai yeah and then and and then if the answer is like maybe uh but then if i put ai it adds a ton more value for everybody it's like okay well that's justified right i have i have a value and then comes the flip side which is which is all a list of risks right and one of the risks may be discrimination one or maybe other other definitions of of unfairness and i think being being transparent the those trade-offs and and having ideally like a like a closed-loop mechanism to get to get feedback and to and to adjust and see what's acceptable i think this is an in inevitable future that we will be in an example that i use a lot um is not an ai example but again i'll say it again many of these problems are not primarily ai problems think about content moderation and and the difficult trade-off between giving everybody a voice and allowing for freedom of speech but on the other hand uh protecting the community from from harmful content and there is there is misinformation that is obviously harmful we've come to the firm conclusion that that we neither can or should do this ourselves or on our own and when i say we i'm using i'm of course speaking you know as a facebook employee but i think this is generally true uh across across technology we're experimenting with this external oversight board maybe you've you've heard of it it's a it's a group of experts it's taken a lot of work to the team that put them together um you know to sort of come up with the bylaws and how they're gonna operate but let's focus on the spirit of it for a second right like the spirit of it is that there will be decisions that are tricky uh no content policy is ever going to be perfect i mean and so it's essential to have um humans in the loop and to have a governance that includes um external uh scrutiny and expertise i think at the end of the day it's going to be this interplay of transparency of of of accountability um of governance mechanisms that are participatory right if you if you zoom out and you think about ai in 10 years right being very prevalent being very consequential one big question is going to be one of uh uh participatory governance right like like how how do you or i have a say in where the ai that drives uh you know our relatives or our pets to the vet right i mean that would be pretty phenomenal right like like some sort of self-driving yeah and that's that itself it's it's almost as if it it um it imposes this sort of like energy tax on the whole process where you know facebook i think it's great that facebook is doing this i think it's great that facebook has a responsible ai division um and to some degree it makes perfect sense that it can only happen at scale today because it's only at scale that you know fake companies like facebook and google and openai can actually afford to build giant language models and giant computer vision models and this leads i wish we had more time for this but i do have to ask a question about partnership on ai because it's such an important part of this equation um one of my one of my personal concerns is actually we've talked a little bit about this here but just the idea that there really is like safety uh privacy fairness ethics all this stuff they do take the form of what is effectively a tax on organizations that are competitive i mean google has to compete with facebook facebook has to compete with everybody else it's a market and that's a good thing but as long as there's a tax for fairness as long as there's a tax for safety that means there's an incentive to have some kind of a race to the bottom where everyone's trying to invest minimally in these directions to some degree and at least the way i've always seen it groups like partnership on ai have an interesting role to play in terms of mediating that interaction setting minimal standards i guess first off would you agree with that interpretation and second how do you see partnership on ai's kind of bigger role as the technology evolves i know this is a big thing but i want to make sure i get your get your broad thoughts on partners no i'm glad and and i'm glad that you brought up a partnership on ai i am on the on the board and have been very involved for the last couple of years and i think it is an organization that the world needs but i would love your help with understanding um the the logic behind the race to the to the bottom um hypothesis and maybe we can make it very concrete by picking any dimension of responsibility that you want i'm just trying i'm just struggling a little bit i wanna make sure that i really understand what you what you mean yeah yeah definitely so i'm imagining actually i'll take an example from the sort of alignment ai safety community um so one common one is a hypothesis i don't necessarily buy into this but i'll just for concreteness let's assume it's true uh that language models can be scaled arbitrarily well and lead to something like um you know super powerful models that are effectively oracles or something like that so they're essentially unbounded amount of stuff you can do with super large language models and to the extent that safety is a concern like you know you might not want an arbitrarily powerful language model that can plot and scheme like you can say hey how do i how do i swindle like eighty thousand dollars from like joaquin and like the language model goes oh here's how you do it and and yet like companies like open ai are competing with companies like you know deep mind or whoever else to scale these as fast as they can whoever achieves a certain level of ability first i mean there's a decisive advantage and even like a six months of lead time or whatever there are analogs for this across you know you've got fairness and and and bias and so on but there's always some kind of value that's lost anytime you engage in this sort of company to company competition where you could invest the marginal dollar in safety or you could invest marginal dollar in capabilities and that trade-off is something that i'm wondering if partnership on ai could play some sort of role in mediating between organizations setting standards that everybody at least thinks about adhering to that sort of thing yeah thank you i understand the question the question makes me think a little bit um environmental sustainability in a way right where you could have you could have the same race to the bottom in many ways not only between companies but even between countries right uh it's like it's like we have one planet you know who's going to commit to cutting co2 cars like oh well just a second i'll be back in a moment just after this tree exactly exactly i think the partnership on ai plays a key role on many fronts first being a being a forum a very unique forum that brings together um every single type of organization you can think of right academia civil rights organizations civil society other kinds of non-for-profit small companies and and and big companies and some of these organizations on a partnership on ai are going to be actively uh lobbying and and shaping and informing upcoming regulation so i think there is there is already uh a bit of a you know a bit of pressure there somehow for for big companies to be involved and to lead the way um because uh you know failing to do so may mean that you have to deal with with regulation that is that is bad for everybody so i think i feel like like that's one angle the the other angle is is efficiency so some of that some of that work that that you described some of that that dollar that i could you know that i could either invest in making sure that my big language models uh are human value aligned and that they're not you know evil well if you have an organization that is supported by by a large number of uh for-profit companies and they do the work uh you know projects like uh about ml is a is a project that i that that i love that builds on documentation practices for data sets and for and for models right so it's a combination of ideas like uh you know like data data sheets for data sets and then model cards and things like that these are extremely powerful and we at facebook are definitely uh paying a huge amount of attention and experimenting with that and i'm glad that we can use something you know a relatively off the shelf but very well that we didn't have to build ourselves and for extra points that is that is also that gets the validation and credibility that you get from you know it being built by an organization like like like partnership on ai yeah that doesn't represent just our interests right and i think that that's going to be a common pattern right that thing of uh a the 360 view that you get by having a multi-stakeholder organization that has everybody um second just the efficiency and convenience of having best practices and recommendations that come from uh you know people who really know what they're doing and and and where you know that everybody was looking you know uh while this is being created um and then the third one is it's really like the legitimacy and validation that you that you get by using something that hey these are not like the ethical principles of facebook right i mean yeah many people frown and people were like oh well i mean what interests are represented there right uh only facebook's versus versus it coming from the partnership on ai yeah it's actually i mean it's one of those organizations where i'm i'm hoping to see a lot more of them in the future and it seems like the kind of thing that the the nascent kind of kernel of that organization is hopefully going to keep blossoming because we need as you say we need some kind of multi-partisan uh oversight of the space at so many different levels and and it's great to see the initiative taking shape um joaquin thanks so much for your time actually do you have um a place where you like to share stuff like twitter in particular or a personal website that you'd like to point people to if they want to find out more about your work oh you know i'll i have a confession so um um i'm a i'm a late twitter adopter that's probably good for your mental health but i but i i now feel a strong sense of of responsibility to to be contributing and engaging in the in the public debate hard as it might be so um i would uh i'm gonna embarrass myself so much right now by by by having to even look up my twitter uh on on twitter um i am at j quinonero so it's it's letter j and then my my first last name it's complicated i have two last names because i'm from here and we have uh exactly yeah yeah yeah now i'm gonna be i have made a personal commitment to to engage more uh and i'm gonna have to learn how to do this in a way that doesn't destroy my mental health like you were like you were saying yeah i think that's one of the biggest challenges especially for some reason especially i find with twitter is keeping that mindful state and not getting lost in the lost in the feed boy anyway we're in for a hell of a decade but i really appreciate your time on this thanks so much and really enjoyed the conversation thank you so much jeremy uh it's it's an absolute pleasure to to be here and thank you for for doing this podcast and thank you for um getting everybody involved in these kinds of conversations my pleasure

- What Are The Ethical Concerns In Targeted Social Media Campaigns? - Social Media Business Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en What are the ethical concerns in targeted social media campaigns? Have you ever wondered what goes on behind the scenes of targeted social media campaigns? These campaigns can be effective, but they also raise important ethical questions. Let's break down the main concerns that businesses should consider when planning their social media strategies. First up is privacy and data collection. Targeted campaigns often relying on gathering personal information like demographics, interests, and online behavior. This raises ethical issues when companies collect sensitive data without clear consent from users. It is essential for businesses to handle this data responsibly. They should avoid sharing or selling personal information without permission and comply with data protection laws. Next, we have transparency. Businesses need to be upfront about how they collect and use consumer data. This means clearly stating when content is sponsored or part of an advertising campaign. If companies fail to be transparent, they risk misleading consumers and damaging their trust. Data security is another major concern. With so much data being collected, it is vulnerable to breaches and cyber attacks. Companies must implement strong security measures to protect consumer data from unauthorized access. A data breach can harm individuals and seriously damage a company's reputation. Manipulation and exploitation are also ethical issues in targeted campaigns. These campaigns can sometimes manipulate emotions or exploit vulnerable groups by using psychological tactics to influence buying decisions. It is crucial for businesses to avoid deceptive advertising and respect consumer autonomy. They should not pressure consumers into making decisions. Lastly, we need to talk about fairness and discrimination. Algorithms used for targeting ads can unintentionally reinforce biases or exclude certain groups. This can lead to unfair treatment. Businesses must ensure their targeting practices do not discriminate based on race, gender, religion, or other protected characteristics. When planning social media campaigns, businesses should take practical steps to address these ethical concerns. They should obtain explicit consent for data collection and clearly label sponsored content. Using data analytics responsibly is important as is regularly auditing targeting algorithms for bias. Investing in robust cyber security measures is essential to protect consumer data. Balancing effective targeting with respect for consumer privacy and rights is key. By addressing these ethical concerns, businesses can build stronger relationships with their audiences and maintain brand integrity. This approach not only helps in complying with regulations but also enhances consumer trust in the long run.

- Targeted Ads: The Dark Side of Divulging Your Data: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past few decades, the way we understand the concept of privacy has been changing. This is a long and complicated story and a deepdive into it would involve examinations of tyrannical regimes, seminal works of fiction, the evolution of surveillance technologies, and a detailed discussion of the ethical and philosophical perspectives on the nature of privacy itself. This... is only a five minute video. But there’s one aspect in particular of privacy in the 21st century which I think merits discussion. Advertising. Which, I know, compared to those other topics might not sound that incendiary. But the rise of targeted advertising is a good indicator of how our expectation of privacy has changed. You’ve probably experienced that now commonplace online occurrence where you google a new product then start seeing adverts for it everywhere. And while we generally accept that this is the way the internet works these days, you have to admit - such a brazen reminder we’re being watched is a bit creepy. More unsettling still is when you’ve only mentioned that product in face-to-face conversation. How does the internet know about that? Looking for the simplest explanation, &nbsp; it’s hard to ignore the microphone you’re carrying around in your pocket, and you don’t have to be wearing a tin-foil hat to start drawing some fairly alarming conclusions. But before we go too far down that rabbit-hole, I should say that while I definitely understand the logic of that thought process, personally I’m pretty confident your phone isn’t listening to your conversations in order to advertise to you. Primarily because the risks far outweigh anything that companies would stand to gain. I’m not saying that they wouldn’t gain anything from listening in - I’m just saying they don’t have to. Because when it comes to targeting you with weirdly specific adverts, they’ve already got all the information they need. Let me explain. Advertising is all about demographics - dividing people up into categories. The more information a company has about you, the more specific they can make the adverts you see. As an example of just how far this can go, let’s look at what we share with Facebook, one of the more notable offenders. First there’s the basics - age, job, relationship status. Already these put you in some demographic boxes. But you also post on Facebook about your hobbies - ones you do regularly, ones you’ve tried, or even just want to try. Maybe you join groups for TV shows or films you like, or follow your favourite authors, actors, content creators. All of this data can be - and is - harvested, and all of it represents advertising demographics that Facebook is putting you in. But it doesn’t end there. You might check in to places you go - favourite restaurants, your gym. Or tourist attractions, in which case Facebook knows you’re travelling. And even if you don’t check in, if the app has access to Location Services, it knows where you are most of the time anyway. Forget about Facebook knowing where you shop online - it knows where you shop in real life. You freely shared all of this information with Facebook, and its terms of service let it use that data however it wants - which includes trading it with other companies. But where do the face-to-face conversations come in? Well, Facebook doesn’t only have this information on you - they also have it on your friends, as well as knowing how much you speak to and see those friends. Combining all of this data adds a whole new dimension. Meet three friends - Alice, Bob and Charlie. Alice buys Product X online. A week later, Alice goes to see Bob. Three days after that, Bob buys Product X. And when, a few days later, Alice goes to see Charlie, Facebook’s algorithm starts to do its thing. Based on knowing about the three friends’ shared interests, Alice’s purchase, Alice and Bob’s interaction, and Bob’s subsequent purchase, Facebook deduces that a) Alice probably told Bob about Product X, b) She might have also told Charlie about Product X, and c) Even if she didn’t, Charlie might be interested anyway. Soon after, Charlie starts seeing adverts for Product X. Now, if Alice didn’t tell Charlie, Charlie has no reason to think this advert is strange. But if Alice did tell Charlie, then both Alice and Charlie now think these adverts are direct evidence that their phones are listening to them, even though the reality is far more complicated, and in my opinion, far more alarming. Because my point here isn’t “our phones aren’t listening to us so we should all stop worrying”, it’s sort of the opposite. We should be more concerned that we’ve freely volunteered enough data about our tastes, movements, and interactions that we’ve made tapping our phones entirely unnecessary. The bottom line is that however that data was obtained, if it can be triangulated to make accurate predictions about our shopping preferences, the thought of what else it could do should be enough to give us pause. So if you think you’re sharing too much personal information, or you don’t trust the services you’re using, you can, and should, take control of your own data, and vote with your feet. Because most of the time on the internet, if you’re not paying for the product, you are the product.

  Top Comments:
  1. @iluliexplains [11 likes]: Exclusive extra content, you say? A monthly iluli newsletter?! Oh, alright then 👉 https://iluli.substack.com

And... if you liked the video and found it valuable, please like and subscribe to the channel:  https://bit.ly/subscribe_to_iluli 🚀
  2. @ibn-z2v [1 likes]: The information presented here is so vital; hopefully, it will empower viewers to take control of their digital footprint and advocate for stronger privacy regulations. Subscribed and sharing to spread the word!
  3. @raghavhigbee [1 likes]: Fantastic video; it's unsettling to realize the extent of data collection happening behind the scenes, but this channel's clarity is empowering. Sharing this to spread awareness and hopefully spark some change!
  4. @charismao23: Samsung was caught spying on people though
  5. @AllisonBuck-v6v: This video is a must-watch for anyone who uses the internet; the clarity with which you explain the complex world of data collection is both alarming and empowering. Subscribing and hoping this channel gets the recognition it deserves for shedding light on such important issues.
  6. @ScottZia: This channel should be in trending list every month....
  7. @UmekoTaylor-p8k7l: I have been watching your video for so long and it's very entertaining and very easy to be understood, can't wait for more
  8. @GabriellaHussain-t5z2j: This channel should has 100K subs then 1M subs ASAP, ppl need these videos
  9. @LeilaDay-x6r7f: Thank you very much so much for this video. Very instructive.
  10. @cinnamonsassafras6622: Yes, it listens, but you can turn it off. I think I actually got this video because I keep trying to figure out why I get such strange advertising. Of course, I do realize there is stereotyping going on. The problem is that it's strange. I look up motorcycle clothes, and I get LOTS of ads for lacy women's underwear. I find a video on archeological finds, and I get bombarded with makeup ads. So the ads simply make no sense. Youtube suggestions DO make sense. Youtube and Google ads just simply don't. Another example is I couldn't QUITE remember my brother's address. I simply forgot what it was, but I sort of remembered. I looked it up, and the ads it started to send? Dating sites. Makes no sense. I might maybe have gotten a relevant ad once or twice, but I sure don't remember them. It's jewelry, makeup, women's pretty, pretty underwear, and other things neither I nor anyone I communicate with have ever bought or looked for. I looked up local whiskey the other day and got ads for perfume. Now as for the listening in, I've heard that explanation of just the search engine guessing because I or someone I know does something, or shops for something, or whatever, and I'll get the ad. Nope! Definitely not. I can remember figuring out the phone must be listening in when we were discussing someone or another that tried to sneak past a gate, or do something sneaky. It was the description of who to look for: "I think the guy was Algerian, or from somewhere in North Africa? That's what he said. He spoke French." NOW Youtube and the news feed (Which are pretty good at figuring out keywords at least, unlike the ads), shows soccer games in France and South Africa for two months straight. It didn't get the context. It didn't even quite understand the words spoken around it. It got probably "driver", "French", and "African". That's it. SO... we conducted a test. I bet $10 or something stupid that I could get it to give me an ad having to do with some off the wall stupid thing. We picked clown shoes. So we just said "clown shoes" a few times every two hours or so for about six hours. That's actually four times saying "clown shoes, clown shoes, clown shoes". Sure enough, not only did ads show up in my ads in the news feed for clown clothing costume stores all over the country, but it showed up in other peoples ads too. Fortunately you can individually deny individual apps access to the microphone. The worst hit was the guy who really did use the voice assistant thing for stuff. So I won that bet. It listens, and you gave it permission to do it. The real problem I have anyway isn't that it wants my information like shopping habits or whatever. It's that the robot trying to ease drop and spy on me is ALWAYS wrong. Like, ALWAYS. Never right. It might actually be nice to find, say, a nice place to shop for riding gear. It might be sort of nice to find, say, local and international historic sites. Nope. I get basic bitch crap and diet pills. I currently live in an area of HUGE historic significance. Would advertising just one local pub really kill them? It never gets the demographic right, and it only ever gets it half right for really shallow, one dimensional basic bitches and bros. I've never actually met anyone where the ad actually matched their demographic. Here; this kills me: I need to go to St. Louis in a few weeks and Milan later this year. Can I find just ONE pub within walking distance to the hotels? Just one?? And there REALLY isn't one single thing to see in either St. Louis or in all of Northern Italy? Really?? Please. Internet. Take this information. I freely share. Just PLEASE show me something interesting, and stop pushing creepy basic stuff. You can see I shop at Walmart. I'm good on underwear (although MAYBE longjohns and work shirts might make more sense? Maybe? You think?? And Walmart doesn't have those either, so where the hell do you find those around here?) Anyway, enough rant. Ads suck because they suck, they're boring, and generally creepy. If they actually did target a demographic, it might at least make sense. Just they don't. The phone does listen, and no; pretty sure targeted ads are a marketing myth. It worked once for me, and I was specifically messing with it when it did work.
  11. @KristiHamada: Eye-opening content; it's unsettling to see how our data is used, but this channel provides the knowledge we need to fight back. Subscribing and sharing to help spread awareness!
  12. @cappel-d6f: This video really highlights the importance of being mindful online and understanding how companies use our data; definitely sharing to help spread the word.
  13. @yaholo-v8k: Eye-opening video, definitely makes you rethink every click and interaction online. Subscribed and sharing to help others understand the importance of reclaiming their digital privacy!
  14. @AprilReitz: This video is a public service; thank you for shedding light on these critical privacy issues with such engaging visuals. I'm sharing this with everyone I know – we all need to be more aware!
  15. @suzzettewagers: A terrifying reality, but an incredibly well-made and informative video. Definitely sharing this to help people understand the implications of their data footprint and to support this channel's important work.
  16. @MonicaParker-k6q: This video really opened my eyes to the extent of data tracking, and I appreciate the clear and concise way it was presented. Definitely sharing this to help others become more aware of their digital footprint!
  17. @bronsengilley: This video is a crucial wake-up call – the more we understand how our data is used, the better we can protect ourselves. Keep making videos like this; they're more important than ever!
  18. @volplie-n7m: Eye-opening content, especially with how seamlessly data collection is integrated into our daily online habits. Definitely sharing this to help others become more aware of the digital footprint we leave behind.
  19. @moanirathbun: It's ironic that I'm learning about data privacy on YouTube, but the value this channel provides is undeniable. Subscribed and sharing to help spread awareness – we need more content like this!
  20. @lisiate-b6b: Really makes you think about every click and search – the price of "free" is definitely higher than we realize.

- Are Facebook's Algorithms Racist?: Kind: captions Language: en just imagine you look like this but instead of seeing you as the beautiful person that you are ai thinks you're this that is shocking insulting and like facebook put it an unacceptable error plus a computer error like this could have real life consequences for you racist algorithms just recently facebook's ai got it terribly wrong when it put the label primates on a video of black men here's what happened exactly uk tabloids dailymail published a video on facebook that shows a white man calling the police on some black men underneath the video facebook's automated recommendation prompt asked users do you want to keep seeing videos of primates so the ai that is used for an automated prompt like that mistook the black men for monkeys facebook apologized disabled the recommendation tool and admitted that while we have made improvements to our ai we know it's not perfect and we have more progress to make indeed a similar field that has a lot of room for improvement is facial recognition while picture recognition ai interprets photos and videos to find out what they show facial recognition can identify people and even analyze emotions picture and facial recognition have been wrong in the past and especially racial bias is a common problem unfortunately for example in 2015 google's photos app labeled photos of black people as gorillas and only in may this year twitter admitted that his photo preview algorithm crops photos so that rather white faces appear in the preview than black faces being labeled as a monkey as a person of color is obviously insulting enough but the problem doesn't end there facial recognition software isn't only being used on social media even law enforcement uses programs to catch criminals for example last year in the u.s an innocent black man was arrested because the police's algorithms matched his photo with that of a shoplifter except for a similar skin tone the two men didn't look anything alike so a wrong decision made by an ai can potentially get you arrested and flawed algorithms in general can have an effect on your credit score and your access to health care just because of a darker skin tone when it comes to facial recognition several studies have shown that white middle-aged men are most likely to be identified correctly while black women are most likely to be misidentified so that's gender and racial buyers last year amazon ibm and microsoft banned their facial recognition programs from being used by law enforcement they think their software should be improved and better regulated first but how can algorithms even be racist they are being trained to be machine learning for recognition software is based on huge databases containing millions of photos so if especially people of color aren't identified correctly it means that the databases didn't include enough photos of them but if this problem has been known for years why hasn't it been fixed yet activists argue there is not enough diversity in tech even though google facebook and co are trying to project a multicultural image to the public the percentage of poc is still very low in short algorithms aren't racist but the programming methods behind them might be that is something we must discuss in society the possible negative consequences are just too severe what do you think about facial recognition software and racist algorithms can they be fixed should they even be used let us know in the comments see you again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @MagiaAzulTeehee [3 likes]: It not because of skin it because of face shape
  2. @mrfixxito [3 likes]: I look like a horse, and I seen people laugh at me and that's not racist it's just me looking like a horse
  3. @MagiaAzulTeehee [2 likes]: Unable to deal with reality!
  4. @JackitChan [1 likes]: Black people by far are the most extreme racists on fb and Zuckerberg protects their racist comments while deleting blocking and giving bans to whites only. Report a black racist and you'll see the comment never gets taken down. As a white person, repeat the exact same comment, and you'll receive a ban.
  5. @sheriff-salty6302: CAN we talk about the blind race program of Facebook that backfired ? They saw that 90% of racism was about White people and man.
  6. @Seamonkey292: I report a group that openly promotes poaching. The group allows (yes it’s still u) poachers to upload their videos showing them actively poaching animals (beating animals and filming their dogs ripping animals apart while the animals are still alive) and goes what… “We reviewed the group and it doesn’t go against our community standards”. The group is called Wild Bushpig Hunters. Facebook is evil. I shut my account down about a year ago and never looked back.
  7. @bossplayerstrongandindependent: 😂 nobody talks about white colored monkeys😂😂
  8. @ZPESEEAGISQBM-community-group: Of course they are innovators have hurt themselves because they put everything they had in their life’s Work into Meta’s AI and Meta completely just stole their works
  9. @cheesedoodleszz: Bruh, I see a ton of racist white folks post racist things on fb abd accounts would never get banned but as soon as I speak my mind, my account gets restricted.... mhmmm wonder why?
  10. @Fankoman1: Beacuse they are monkeys
  11. @DPennWork: Thank you so much for this video!!! I use it as an ethical discussion/argument in the English learning classes I teach online.
  12. @SheSharesWisdom: It exists on YouTube also.
  13. @Kid_Kinetic: Prokaryotes could never be a Eukaryotes
  14. @alikos4528: DW never disappointed me when it came to painting false narrative pictures, keep up the good work !
  15. @THEPAF1990: Hi, Troll!
  16. @jmalljmall: Remember, these programs are only good as the programmers. Most of these algorithms are planned by white supremacists.
  17. @erawriter1651: The AI has been made in their likeness and image. This is intentional and the only way to change it would be to literally deprogram society. Systematic racism goes deep.
  18. @Corteese1980: You missed the most fundamental component.  Visual recognition is based on contrast.  

Light and dark intermixed allows higher contrast, therefore higher recognition accuracy. 

So, light skin with light hair will not contrast well.  Same as dark skin and dark hair. 

Light skin and dark hair/eyes/etc will contrast very well.
  19. @sigra4867: lets not blame the programmers this isnt easy to program.
  20. @novanetom9833: Reshaping your face to what they wanted to look like to make you a criminal

- Dominique Cardon, "Algorithmic Personalization: Sociological and Ethical Issues": Kind: captions Language: en DOMINIQUE CARDON: Thank you very much. Thank you for the invitation. Excuse me for my very French English. And also, I'm very happy to be here as a sociologist because I'm not a lawyer, so I will make a presentation-- a talk-- about sociological and ethical issues of a new form of calculation that is closely linked to the discussion that we had with Sendhil Mullainathatan as the keynote speaker, at the beginning of the day. Because my idea is that we are entering in a new kind of world in which both computation and data are changing. And they are changing so dramatically that the kind of perspective that I really sustain of public examination of input data, training system, and the choice of the outcome of the machine learning system could be done with static statistical data sets. But it is changing with the new digital data that I am studying. So my idea is to describe this new world that is coming. And there are a lot of new ethical issues about this new configuration of the personalization of algorithmic computation. And that's the kind of thing that I'm going to describe. At first, I just want to begin with a kind of starting point-- a very sociological, traditional, historical description of the way we compute society and we describe society with economical, sociological, demographic tools, traditionally. And let's say that we have items and users, and we need to find correlation or regularity or relation between the distribution of the consumption, the ratings, the anything else, the use of the item by different kinds of individuals. And part of the way we describe society in sociology, in demographic studies, in economics, and in many different social sciences is the idea that we create a different kind of categorical system just in order to represent both items and individuals in the system. The birth of statistics, which is closely linked to the building of states and state systems, states' measurement of population, is linked to the idea that we could describe society with categories. And those categories are symbolic categories that describe and fix items and people inside different regularities that we could observe because there are regularities between the categorical systems of individuals and the categorical systems that describe items that we want to observe in the distribution. That's the history of statistics-- the history of the description of our society. And we produce a lot of descriptions of our society, with this idea that there are regular distributions of items, goods, practices, behavior in our society. Just one very famous example coming from the French sociologist Pierre Bourdieu. In La Distinction, he produced this kind of graph. And if you look at the top of the graph, you could see regularities or correlations or associations between whisky, chess, and private sector executives. So the idea is that we could understand society because the links between categories are very important in the way we represent society. And for sociologists, it has always been very important because those global distributions or correlations between two different categories of description of people or items are also becoming representation, common sense for everyone in our society. We know that there are some regularities in our society that help us to understand and to describe society in our everyday life. And there are also-- another important aspect is that the normative understanding of discrimination and distribution by us necessarily involves this category called representation. We need to have age, sex, gender, income level in order to show or to describe discrimination or inequality in the access to different goods. So those categorical systems are very important in our society. But our society are protesting against the idea that they are linked to different categorical systems. With the individualization of our society, we are against standardization and averaging. We always say that fixed identities such as sex, gender, age, occupation are a very bad way of describing what people really are in their own singularity. In different contexts-- that our identity is something that is more multiple, more complex. And it's changing every time in our life, every time in the day. And in a certain way, we could say that there is an expectation of our society that we don't want to be described by those categorical systems that appear everywhere in statistical, sociological, economical descriptions of our society. So my idea is that new algorithms that are coming with big data and new digital world are trying to suggest or propose an answer to this individualization of people would not want to be calculated by means on a categorical system. And this new paradigm could be described with three properties. The first one is that with new digital services, we tried to increase the data granularity-- the way we describe society, not with category, but with elemental, granular, atomistic descriptions of behavior of individuals. We could see that with items. When you look at web services, we don't have this idea that one piece of music should be described by its general genre. But it could be described by a lot of different labels in algorithmic system. When you look at the Netflix recommender system, you could observe that-- and it changed today-- that we have quite 80,000 micro-genres that have been created by humans and algorithms in order to describe the different properties of the item, just in order to produce a more precise and accurate recommendation to different users. And with a lot of new data that are coming with digital world, we are trying to transform content and the idea of a symbolic description of the content into physical properties of the objects. Today in deep learning techniques, images are not described by the kind of content that we could observe in the image when you produce image recognition. You just use the value of the picture with red, blue, and green value of each pixel of the image. In recommendation systems for music, you don't use a traditional categorical system of musical genre, but you use the sound signal that you could record in different music. And it's the same with users. The tendency-- the shift that appears with digital recording of new data is that we don't have to describe users with traditional profiling systems with categories of sex, gender, territory, level of income. We have to capture traces of behavior of the different users. We don't profile individuals, but we try to have a kind of record tracks of all the actions-- clicks, localization, reading speed on Kindle-- of the behavior of the different individuals. It's very impressive when you look at the way new real time bidding systems for programmatic advertisement is coming. They don't have to know you. They don't have to know your income level, your sex, your age, and all those traditional categories of description-- sensitive data for GDPR. They just want to know what you have done and the traces of your navigation on the web. So it's a very important challenge. And it's a challenge that is also asking for having more implicit data more than explicit data coming from the individual. It's a huge tendency that appears in digital studies and digital engineering of new algorithmic techniques. And the idea is that when you try to compute data coming from a subjective, realistic-- say, coming from the users-- it could be inaccurate. The prediction rate is not very good. And it's better to have implicit traces of the behavior of the user. You need to enter into a really behavioral signal coming from the way individuals are behaving. Alex Pentland, who is one of the most kind of derision of this new idea of data should come from implicit interaction and action and behavior of the user says that very clearly "These data tell a story of everyday life by recording what each of us has chosen to do. And this is very different from what is put on Facebook; postings on Facebook are what people choose to tell each other, edited according to the standards of the day." We need to have other data, that the things that people are posting on Facebook. And those traditional categorical systems, such as political or economic labels, such as bourgeoisie, working class Democrat or Republican are often inaccurate stereotypes. We don't need to describe society from the top with those kind of labels. We need to find other information. And those information are implicit traces of behavior-- of digital behavior of the user. It happens very clearly in the RecSys community. The RecSys community is a community in computer science that produce recommender systems. And for a long time, they used this kind of explicit feedback. Explicit feedback is when on a video on YouTube, you say, yes, I like it. But you could say that you like the video, but you never have seen the video, really, accordingly to your like. The idea of the algorithm now is not to use the information that is explicit-- representation coming from the user-- but to use implicit recommendation. And implicit recommendation for YouTube recommender is the watch time. The watch time is the time you spend in viewing the video from the beginning to the end. And if you stop viewing the video at the middle, it won't be-- the score will be lesser than if you go to the end of the video. The second change in this cultural transformation of computation and data with digital algorithms is deep learning. And deep learning is also a machine learning technique, but it's a machine learning technique in which you couldn't describe and you couldn't observe all the different predictors playing a role in the outcome of the system. And deep learning techniques are coming from a very important shift in the history of artificial intelligence. I won't make the history of artificial intelligence here. But there is a kind of competition with two different paradigms. One of them is symbolic. And with a symbolic paradigm, you try to program, inside the machine, rules with logic and symbols. And you tend describe the different rules inside the system. And with connectionist technique, you just have to compute with very granular data. And if you make the history of artificial intelligence, one of the things that is very fascinating and very strange, in fact, is that we call those new techniques of deep learning that are coming today-- we call them artificial intelligence. But all the history of artificial intelligence since its birth in 1956 were symbolic. And if you look at the history, we have with cybernetics a connectionist moment, then the artificial intelligence was a symbolic conception of the computer system. And the new spring-- because the are spring and winter with artificial intelligence-- the new spring of artificial intelligence is, in a certain way, a return to cybernetic systems with the idea of adaptive loop. And that's the thing that is happening with our new algorithmic techniques. We don't ever fix objectives. Objectives is coming from the changing structure of the behavior of the individuals, and it could change for each individual. So we could have this kind of adaptive system in which the link that I click on Google search page of results will change the way the computational system will suggest to me new ranking of links for another request. But it changed for me, but it could be different for another person. So the idea is that we could have a kind of public examination of the outcome of the algorithm. It's becoming more and more complex in this system. And it's-- LUBOMIRA ROCHET: Dominique, I'm sorry. I hate to do that, but only two minutes left. DOMINIQUE CARDON: Two minutes. That's the reason why all those new algorithm systems are linked to the idea of an optimization of the behavior of each user with this personalization system that appears today. So just to conclude-- skip that-- granularity of data, real-time adaptive model that appears in new deep running techniques, and the use of behavior traces that are, in a certain way, we could say-- in artificial intelligence, this word has often been used-- subsymbolic. So they are below the idea of a symbolic categorization that we could judge and examine in a public situation. So my conclusion is that perhaps transparency of algorithmic systems won't be enough to have a close examination of the system. It could produce chaotic and indecipherable decisions. It could bring a kind of filter bubble around the users that wants access to other choice that it could have made if it used its own subjective representation. But as it's directly linked to its practical traces of behavior-- new clicks, navigation, and things like that-- you won't have the possibility to click on different objects, subjects that could be proposed by the recommender system. So my conclusion is that it is also necessary to protect the user's autonomy of choice in this new world of algorithms. Thank you. [APPLAUSE]

- AI Ads Are Out of Control: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, we got to talk about the AI ads and AI commercials because I am getting fed up here. The sheer amount of garbage AI commercials and ads put forth by I don't know random bot accounts, but also big corporate giants. It's just asinine on YouTube. Someone has posted and people have talked about this online. The New York State Department of Health put out this immunization commercial featuring AI generated babies just blabbing with their like four random teeth and just black void of a mouth. Past holiday season was certainly something, right? We got slapped in the face pretty early on with two atrocious AI commercials from corporate giants. The Coca-Cola and McDonald's commercial. So, the AI McDonald's commercial has taken maybe 10 years off my lifespan. Watching this may have been the single worst thing I decided to do. >> Life could be worse. No, not really. This is the worst. >> This is the worst. >> Mhm. >> So, McDonald's released an AI commercial in December basically saying, "The holidays suck. This time of year is terrible. Come to McDonald's instead." It's a song that plays throughout the whole thing. In addition to the visuals being AI generated, the lyrics clearly are as well just because they're so bad. I mean, either they're AI generated or the person who wrote this, I mean, I'm sorry, it's terrible. All the shops turned to mayhem, leaving Santa no space and the tree redecorated your place. It's the most terrible time of the year. Shops turn to Mayhem. Okay, how do the shops turning to mayhem end up leaving Santa with no space? Like, Santa doesn't go shopping for Christmas. The shops being crowded does not affect Santa, right? If the whole idea of Santa is that he's in the North Pole, the shops turning to mayhem is not leaving Santa no space. So, that doesn't make sense. >> No, that's wrong. >> Like, if you're going to say it's a terrible time of year, there are certainly other things you can say that are going to be affecting Santa Claus negatively. This Santa is clearly going through cognitive decline. Okay. It's unfortunate because here we have him in a traffic jam on the road, right, with his flying reindeer. Okay, his flying reindeer. And he's deciding to walk them on the road with a vehicle that's probably not even like road certified. But there are ways that you could have had Santa in the ad where it would have made more sense with the lore of Santa Claus as opposed to just jamming him in there through a lyric that makes no sense and putting him in a situation that visually also makes no sense. Now, another lyric that doesn't make any sense. In the tree redecorated your place, you're saying the tree redecorated your place as a supporting statement for why it's the most terrible time of the year. Why is that a bad thing? the standards they have for what is acceptable. The bar is in hell. Like the deepest pit of hell, like the most forgotten crevice in hell. That is where the bar is located. With that being said, let's talk about our friends over at ProtonVPN. You know the norm with VPNs. You select a server, connect to it, your IP address is hidden, you can basically digitally teleport across the planet, and you're given privacy. See, ProtonVPN does all the normal VPN stuff, but they are stronger, they are smarter, and they are better. They have 16,000 servers in over 110 countries. And they're incredibly fast as they can give you connection speeds up to 10 Gbits per second with their VPN accelerator boosting speeds up to 400%. See, I use ProtonVPN for streaming. So, I can access cataloges of shows, movies, just content that isn't available in my country. It works well with all major streaming services, but my favorite thing about streaming with Proton is the fact that they have custom profiles you can set up, so I have consistent connection settings that I can switch between. And ProtonVPN comes with a built-in ad blocker. Also, Proton's ad blocker isn't just hiding the ads you see. It's also preventing a lot of the backend processes that feed AI ad profiling in the first place. But what I love most about Proton is their commitment to transparency. See, ProtonVPN is entirely open source, meaning their code is publicly available for anyone to take a look at. And they're committed to their strict no logs policy, meaning they don't keep logs of your activity, which has been verified through independent security audits made publicly available. And with a subscription to ProtonVPN, you actually get access to their entire suite of other products. Now, right now, if you use my link in the description, there's an extended Black Friday deal that'll give you 75% off ProtonVPN for 2 years, which works out to just $249 a month. So, if you're interested, go to protonvpn.com/santics to check it out. Thank you, ProtonVPN, for sponsoring this video. Now, let's get back into it. You know, I want to be really petty right now. I'm going to actually just watch the Coca-Cola commercial again immediately. I can't stand the consistency of the shot here. Like the the truck cannot commit to being blurry or not being blurry. Some parts of it are just wobbly and wonky looking, but it looks like a kid just took like a little yellow bingo blotter and just started poking at the truck. Okay, the penguin blinking its eyeball just shrank. If that is how penguins blink, get me off this planet. >> How are you? >> They took my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] eye. I mean, what have we I don't even know. There's There's like so many animals going on here. You would think this is an advertisement for the zoo. This polar bear looks like you would find it in one of those mass- prodduced art frames in a home store. Something that a bunch of moms are going to buy around wintertime being like, "Oh, that's nice. That's [music] nice. That brings a little something to the home. Isn't that cute?" But it's actually really sad. The one animal they're like, "Okay, we're going to show you in two shots, the seals." In the shot right after this one, you see a fourth one right off to the side and its face is like distorted. It looks like that one scream painting. Also hate how when you watch these, you see that the AI doesn't really get I don't know the proper technical term for it, but it doesn't really get speed. We're going to slowly go up the tree completely stop completely static camera movement and then zoom away at light speed. And something I find so funny about all of this is that for decades, right, the average person has not been able to produce something that these top companies can produce because they have gigantic budgets and access to resources that the average person doesn't. Actors, CGI and visual effects, good sound equipment, good lighting, the ability to film at certain locations. And these companies instead of doing the one thing that sets them apart, which is their gigantic budget and access to real world resources and that polish and quality, they decided to also stoop down to using AI. They are putting out things that any of us could create. Half the population could probably make this commercial. Like listen, there is a problem here. There is a problem. If you are a multi-billion dollar company and your ad has the same level of quality as some random Tik Tok accounts, Mick suck a lot of puss. This is a more effective McDonald's ad than the commercial they put out. Right now, we're at a point in society where not only are you seeing shrinkflation, right? where they are charging you more money and making the product smaller. You're seeing the product quality decline in a lot of the things you're buying, but the commercials, they can't put forth effort or any f really into convincing us to buy their worsening products. It is just here's your slop now eat it, pig. Here it is. Pull up to the trough. It's also really embarrassing too that a lot of these companies, they are releasing AI slop and it is received so terribly that they now have to take it down. menu log in Australia had a commercial featuring a lot of AI generated stuff. Australians hated it. It didn't go well with this Lowe's ad. It wasn't trending. People hated it. They removed it out of embarrassment. It's garbage that's being produced. It's not even like, oh, the ends justify the means when the ends are this. If we're going to do some unethical stuff, if we're going to do some super villainy behavior, slicing through the environment, if we're going to start slicing through jobs, I'd prefer we don't do that. But to do all of that, just to produce the most garbage thing is abhorrent. Also, I'm just fed up with the amount of AI scam ads I'm seeing. There is a K-pop demon hunter doll scam ad that has been haunting me. I don't know if it's like actually the same company putting out like dozens of different ads for their same scam or if it's a bunch of companies trying to scam people using the same idea. I don't know. But I keep seeing K-pop demon hunter doll ads of dolls that don't exist. Who is that? That is someone's OC. Here's my self-insert. Okay, this one's taking it too far. Her eyes, the doll's eyes are blinking. Okay, this is going to be a child's play situation. Actually, have to be thankful this one is AI and not real because otherwise, I mean, you get your kid that thing, you've got a horror movie trilogy on your hands. Apparently, this ad from Intact Insurance was just it was just such a demanding idea that they had to resort to AI, okay? Cuz taking a red puffer jacket and putting it over a pipe and zipping it up, it was too much for them. They needed to bring an AI jacket into this. Here's a scam ad for one of the ninja kitchen appliances. And it's getting sad, right? If I was an old person right now, I would be done for. Card details handed over. Here's the key to my house. I'm cooked. You guys want to let your inner alpha out? I know what you need. Pick up one of these bad boys. Be the alphaest alpha on the block. If you fall for this, you deserve it. And I found someone on Reddit. They didn't buy this sweater, but I have to assume it's from the same people who are responsible for this. And it was just a texture printed on. got to say, I find it really interesting that for a lot of people who are pushing the idea of using generative AI for commercials or any sort of visual media production, a lot of them are saying it's so good you can't even tell it's AI. The greatest thing this piece of technology can do is deceive someone that it's not being used. Now, I saw a very concerning post on Reddit. Best AI video tools for realistic commercials with unlimited iterations. I'm creating a 30- secondond commercial for a doctor's office using quick, realistic shots of people. The footage needs to feel natural and realistic. Before AI, there's no way in hell you would have seen anybody trying to create CGI realistic looking people for the doctor's office instead of just filming real people going into the doctor's office. I don't know. It's just it's just weird, right? Why are you generating people for a doctor's office commercial? Hi, this is Britney. 12 hours before >> going to this doctor. >> 12 hours after >> going to that specific doctor. Uh, something I found really cool actually was that there was a an ad from a French supermarket where it was like a fully animated short film with a wolf and these cute characters. It has a cute art style. There's so much care put into this. It's fully animated. There's an actual message here and it's just beautifully done. I'm really happy to see that that there are still companies out there who are trying, right? But yeah, that's pretty much all I wanted to talk about.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Savantics [48 likes]: Try Proton here https://protonvpn.com/savantics  and get 75% off for a 2 year deal!
  2. @Benz_SubwayYT [2 likes]: 0:17 As a New York, I am deeply ashamed. I will make sure Govoner Hocul knows about this.
  3. @Madausi67549 [1 likes]: I thought it just ads😂. So what after Al?
  4. @DripkatDuPlemenov [1 likes]: Been getting so many ai made ads recently. All that tells me about the company is that they are lazy and probably cheap out on their products too.
  5. @mistasingh14: This is not a complaint about Ai, it's a complaint about a commercial..
  6. @bekkylove742: Shst can  we do? I wanted to find update on You tube about our latest space take off. I could not find s way to go forward to the news!!!
  7. @terrioncoleman6146: Dude these military calisthenics ai ads are getting out of hand. It should be false advertisement because they specifically sell you the aesthetic of a physique you will not achieve from 2 months of calisthenics and no weight training
  8. @fierceslagga2084: This species used to risk their lives hunting for food
  9. @amoraagostini1953: Wow... I didn't know people hated AI so much and i'm with you I'm genuinely embarrassed because i'm 14 i just discovered AI months ago maybe a year ago. I'm starting a brand and a channel called Cinematic Creations you could check it out it's @amoraagostini1953 anyway i was going to do dessert/drink cgi ads, logo animations, a cinematic creations world ad not just any i'm not defending AI, just saying it would be not so bad if they had meaning to it.
  10. @williamjames-hf5sw: 4:29 to skip the ad
  11. @Kiwi-Vogel: Why do companies even make AI ads? It's just screams laziness and the company just ends up looking cheap. If you're a big business you can afford to hire editors and artists to make your ads
  12. @pinkrose1294: Can I just say thank you? I've known you for 5 years. Lost your channel name 4 years ago, and couldn't find it again. Then I logged into this old discarded email just to find your channel again and I wasn't disappointed. You're always voicing what really needs to be voiced and addressed. This has become a rare gem in the sea of influencers flooding YouTube with useless videos without addressing real life issues that are getting out of hand. 

Please, never stop making videos. Sending all the possible support and love.
  13. @ItzNetherYTe: 1:49 IS THAT HAJIME HINATA OMGG
  14. @HimynameisJermHicks: So true, today I've literally only seen about 3 commercials from real companies selling real products that were not AI.
  15. @dyykkarifin2454: The AI ads are so ANNOYING
  16. @zroadrage.: I miss when AI was just the guys you went against in cod custom games
  17. @freshpursuer: 4:35 look at the bottom corner
  18. @danielkatz7516: First time i saw you …hope you dont mind a grandpa age person following you from toronbto
  19. @herbjergens: Well said!!
  20. @Lilly-v9h5t: I'm tired of morons making videos and complaining about everything just to get views

- YouTube Ads In 2050 Be Like: Kind: captions Language: en oh my God what's going on help I'm getting strangled by a demon an ad already at least I can skip this one who whoa whoa hold on Partner you're trying to skip the ad huh boom what ah you NY nauy trying to skip me huh skip that yeah that's right what are you going to do do hm what what's that a Blocker of [Music] Axe so it's like that you know what you can keep it I can keep it yeah yeah you can keep it 3 2 one Bo bro I just bypassed all your filters yeah make that face trying to skip me you know what I'll just watch it another day wait hold on I was just kidding no you can't do that it hurts my feelings no no you can't do this

  Top Comments:
  1. @shubhrajitsinghaytuser [1 likes]: Got an ad before this video. That too unskippable 💀
  2. @CamilaSanchez-g9h: 0:22 “you Naty Naty”
  3. @ethannylenoblefranca4333: Just use opera
  4. @ChuaZhengXinDavidBlss: 😂😂
  5. @Michelle-m2x: I thought there was an ad, but I realized I have youtube premium
  6. @MeganVittoria-b7p: 0:08  oh my God, look at the title
  7. @sherlocks4687: Agreed totally!!😂
  8. @Muckho70: 0:51 why dislike this video bruh😭
  9. @Theo_Creates_UK: 0:06
  10. @pancha_sky_studios: 0:19 BOMB! BOMB! THIS MAN CLAIMS TO HAVE A BOMB, EVACUATE THE BUILDING!
  11. @U-GeneKhoo: 0:06 i actually fell for it
  12. @todaythanjavur1936: I have yt premium so no ads for me
  13. @ForensicNA: YouTube Premium: use us instead 😎👍
  14. @ThaqiefGotChatSparkAI: You closing the ad and close the web is too sad for me, stop being so evil or I will report you for "Bullying"
  15. @Black-i1g9m: 0:07 duck
  16. @WILLIAMAfton_w: Man use opera
  17. @Исхак-с1е: YALL HAVE ADDs?! Never had one and i dont have Youtube Premium
  18. @AndreeaCe: If YouTube will still be around in 2050, it will be filled with whores, same it happened with Hi5, same will happen with Facebook, same it's about 4chan, male whores, female whores, zoophiles, necrophiles, pedophiles. Until then, best of luck to all of you right in the mind, just souls.
  19. @dalidakarim4164: Bro i have premium 😂
  20. @Jam_studios123: https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ?si=CuCzegLJI_kmt-s3

- I Investigated Suspicious YouTube Ads: Kind: captions Language: en All right, everybody. Today we're going to be looking for some YouTube scam ads. We are almost at the end of 2025 and I feel like the ads are getting worse and worse here on YouTube. So, I'm on a fresh account looking for the worst possible ones that I can find. And then we're going to also go on Reddit and stuff like that just to look at some of the worst ones other people found. And then we're going to try and hunt those ads down and download it and just see what they're about, if they're if they're suspicious or what. Pretty much. Let's begin. Hopefully none of you guys get horrible ones on this video. I have no algorithm at all. We are at a fresh start. So, let's go to YouTube shorts. All right, scroll on back. Keep scrolling. We're looking for sponsored. >> You can bring your team's best and brightest. >> Hey, not interested in that one. We're looking for the scuffed ads only. >> Okay, what am I getting right now? What an interesting feed. Hold on. I got to turn this down a little bit. Dude, if I get a horrible ad, I'm going to like it just so I get more. Okay. Okay, we're looking for ads. >> Oh my god, bro. Got to try some clay making. All right. Where are the ads at, though? And we got one for Google Chrome. Okay. Okay. That's a product. We're looking for Scuf. It's going to It's going to be a process, that's for sure. We're getting official ads right now. Oh. All right. We'll like things like this. What is this game, though? It's on PC. Of course, they got a Talking Tom profile picture. Tongue tongue Tom. What kind of games is this person posting? I know this isn't an ad or anything, but it kind of is. Last zombie game. Okay, whatever. I don't want to play that anyway. Oh, once played, you will never get bored. Please subscribe my channel. Hashtag. Now, what g what game is this? It's like a flying gorilla. Oh, interesting link. Let's go to this Facebook link and see. Okay, three more links. Every game will be covered. Now, what is the game then? What is this game called? You're not even saying what it is. I just have to mindlessly scroll until I get an ad. This is This is frying my brain. Oh my gosh. Show me the ads. Why am I getting no ads? Maybe shorts isn't the way to do this. Okay, we're going to go to the homepage. I can't. I can't. What we're going to do is we're going to scroll all the way down on my homepage. And then we're going to CtrlF and search the page for sponsored. So, we got 13 here. DC tuneup. Okay. Nothing crazy. Let's type Aruplier. Who's coming? >> See if there's any ads in here. All right, dude. What is this? Sea of Conquest. Why does the sponsored links never load? I'm looking for bad [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] The Markiplier results. Me and Date Online with senior singles chats for shy men. This isn't even a senior citizen on the image here. What is this? All right, ready for the fun time. The fun time? What do you mean? Answer a few questions and jump into the pool of pleasant connections. 6,000 plus people seem to be online. This website so far is entirely AI generated. I'm just clicking through. Are you ready to treat others with respect? I've been Are you ready for lots of attention? Sure, I'm I'm just going to keep clicking through. Analyzing your preferences. The women are so kind. Look at this review, guys. Totally legit reviews. You're 20 free credits just in one click. >> Okay, I'm skipping all this. Let's see if these are bots in here. Oh my god. Stop asking me questions every 5 seconds. All right, we're in. There's no way any of these people are real messages. Did I get any already? Okay, this is I'm closing that. All right, we're going to keep looking. Play now. Soda pop baby version. Check out these games for boys and girls. We got to click on the granny. Try for free. What are with all these pop-ups on this browser kid game website? Convert mate. Oh my god. All right, let's play the granny with the convert mate though. Let's get that. Dude, it's an installer that takes up your whole screen. And just like that, we have it. All right. Where's the granny download? There it is. It's APK. Oops. Okay, let's keep going. Got to find the messed up ads. Show me the goodies. My internet is so slow. These are hard to find, man. Don't hesitate. Download now. Fine. All new urban fantasy ARPG. Okay. And it's just downloading. Let's go to the main website, though. Does it have a main website? Yes. Just scan this file. I can sure play GTA 5 for free. Download link and review of GTA 5. Okay. Oh, here we go. Look at this. Pop-ups everywhere, man. Oh my god. I found the website with all the pop-ups, dude. Okay. Get Grand Theft Auto green button. Get access to exclusive content. Oh my god. What is even happening right now? Let's try and guess what the real download button is here. Uh, this one maybe. Oh, we got more to choose from. Download extension. Okay. Um, where's the real download button? Play online. Get for PC. Okay, it links you there. GTA crime simulator. Now we're playing a fake GTA. I have to watch this ad first. We're playing GTA simulator. It's downloading files. What are you talking about? I'm in browser. I'm going to get this extension. All right. Does this even have reviews? Has no ratings. Okay, it loaded. Got another ad. Spare me. Okay. What's happening here? Oh. Ah, Men in Black. This is actually kind of fun. I'm not going to lie. Okay. Okay. This isn't bad. I'm playing GTA 5 right now. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. All right. That's enough of that. We were gaming. Getting carried away. People over 50 are playing this game to stay relaxed. Might as well. Might as well play this. I'm not 50. Not 50 yet, guys. Don't worry. Play now for free. Let's see what this is all about. Why are these over 50s playing this? Ah, it's another one of these. There is no audio. Absolutely trash ad. Keep scrolling. Uh-oh. Earn Roblox and customize gear. Okay. Uh, this takes me here. Install free search sweeper. All right. Let's just add this random Chrome extension. Has nothing to do with Roblox, but okay. What even is this ad? So misleading. Gay test. Am I gay? Dude, why do I keep getting these? I'm not. Wait, let's get this PDF star popup as well before we take this test. Oh, it's an .exe file. I thought it was an extension. Let's go back to the gate test. Can't take the gate test yet. We're getting interrupted. Thought it was going to be a simple extension, but whatever. Can I tab out? No. Please wait while the offer is being installed. What offer? What do you mean about it? My PDF is ready. Installation completed. Thank you. Leave me alone. What even is this pop-up? It's not even specifying what it is. Enhance your document experience. Okay. Oh my god. Okay, we're not doing this. Stick the gay test, dude. I'm stalling for too long. What's my gay meter? How do you feel about rainbow colors? They're fine. What concert do you most want to go to? Hanging tan boys. What's your go-to dance style? Elegant turning dance. What's your favorite fashion item? Print t-shirts. How do you express emotions guardedly? I don't know. Okay, let's submit these answers here. How good is your gayar? 60%. You have a refined taste for understated elegance. Embracing a cool and composed aesthetic. What do you What does that even mean? I thought I was going to get a more detailed result right there. Stupid ass test. All right. So, now we're also trying to get this GTA 5 free download. Download the app. Okay. Download from Google Play. It's just a manual. Why are they putting this up like it's a full game? Just keep scrolling for ads. All right. I'm going to click a bunch of videos. Feel like I need different browser too just in case cuz there's probably like a timer on like how long it takes before you get an ad. I'm just going to click on a bunch of Mr. Beast videos. Chrome. Let's Google Chrome ads on Mr. Beast. Valerant Dell. How about flamingo? Click on a bunch of flamingo videos and see what kind of ads we get here. Okay, no ads. Okay, let's refresh. I'm surprisingly not really seeing that many. First, it's like when I'm looking for them. Can't find anything. Okay, back to YouTube shorts we go. I just want to >> All right, guys. >> Where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are the ads? >> Visit the site and choose up to three clothing items for free. Oh no, I'm spinning the wheel for free clothes. $200. Just like that, guys. Come on now. Redeem. This has to be like some sort of fishing scam, bro. Always too good to be true. Okay, so we claim code. Oh no. $0. Mobilesheen.com on the mobile version of Sheen. Free trial. All right. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Sheen. Sugar Baby TV. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Free challenge videos. You got pop-ups on here, too. Sugar Baby TV is not safe. Oh, why is there pop-ups on Sugar Baby, dude? Doesn't stop. Windows def Oh my god. There's no way that's oning Sugar Baby TV, dude. There's no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] way. Why is this here? Why is this here? Oh my god, dude. Dude, that is so dude. What? Why is this targeted towards kids? I have a complaint, Google. Dude, that is so It was just No. Adult things. Adult things in collage format. Not good. That was a Google ad, dude. Okay. Promo codes. I'm just clicking on all these pop-ups on Sugar Baby TV. Dude, can I even watch any of these videos? Oh, I have to watch these ads to watch the video. It's not even loading. This website is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] scam. Do any of these videos even work? That's insane that I got that ad. And now I'm just not getting them anymore. Going on here. None of these are even watchable. That's actually so concerning. It looks innocent on the outside. There we go. We finally got a video working after the uh the jump scare that's going to scar many children. Google, do something about that. Please can't have that. Seriously can't have that. Toddler learning games. Oh no. Please make sure there's no pop-ups on here. Oh my god, dude. Oh my god, bro. It's on here, too. That's an insane poll, though. They got to fix that, man. Maybe we try YouTube on the phone. I think that might make sense. Now we're on the phone, so let's get to swiping. We need cash app ad. Okay. United Market Advisory, dude. Get trial access. What is this? What even is this, bro? A WhatsApp group. Now I have to download WhatsApp. I really don't want that. No, we don't care. Wait, did I hear the hell no? Keep scrolling. [Music] What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] All right. Where are the Where are the ads? Bro, I'm getting the same shorts where it says # effect king. And I have no idea why I'm getting so many of those. Why is there so many? There's effect king. Effect king. Effect king. Effect king. Let's click a random video. How about a Mr. Beast? Okay. Nothing. It seems pretty tame so far. As long as we're not getting sugar baby ads on the on the phone. Dude, why do they call it sugar baby something else? Open. Dude, this anime chick is literally like practically naked, dude. What is going on here? Ah, we have to click it, I guess. Man. Oh no, dude. This looks like dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What is it on the App Store? No, it ain't. What? Oh, it is. Untopia coming soon. It's not even out yet. Who is hyped for this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Comment down below. Who's anticipating October 31st? Okay, let's keep scrolling. All right, back to YouTube shorts. We're going to keep going back and forth cuz the ads ads are refresh or something. Okay, my algorithm doesn't seem to be working too well. Let's keep refreshing. We're going to look at Reddit though cuz obviously it takes hours and hours of scrolling across many days to come across the bad ones. It's kind of hard to hunt them down. I feel like I got ad block on. Dude, Vietnamese full care course. No ad. Are you gay? Find out now. All right, let's see if that if this test is better than the one I already took. Okay, it's the same thing, just different picture. All right, keep scrolling. >> How many people have a crush on you at school? >> What the secret crush detector app? All of APK. Oh, why do people make these apps? What the am I looking at? Do you see these hieroglyphics in here happening? There's no way this actually has 32,000 likes. Unbelievable. Copyrighted song, too. What other APKs do they have on here? Hair clipper prank fart sound. >> This little thing helped me more than my last therapy session. It's called the Pandy. A lifelike plush toy designed and powered by AI. >> The pandy. No way this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] works, bro. I had to cop. I'll receive it in like 6 months. Oh, that thing got a camera in its eyes, dude. Uh-uh. 5,000 almost 6,000 people are viewing this product right now. No way. No way. It actually works, bro. Best hug you've ever felt, dude. Just getting like an actual animal. I'm not buying that. I already have three cats. I don't need a panty. I'm just going to keep refreshing. Is this a whole ass podcast sponsored? We got a big ass chain on them. I respect it though. We're getting very like individual ads right now. I think we take a look at Reddit now honestly because oh it is hard to like look for them when I could just look at other people's algorithms as well. Let's check it out. All we really got to do is go on Reddit. Look around. This was just 2 months ago. Yo, you downloaded her just to try it. Okay. AI dating simulator. Who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going to do that? Why is YouTube giving me these ads? Your go to fe store. That is an interesting ad we have not seen. I can't tell if I can't tell if it's there for this person for a reason. I'm looking it up on Google. Okay. It's a clothing store. There it is. Yeah. This person must be looking it up. Man, why is YouTube giving me these ads? Top comment. You tell me. Exactly. They're personalized. That's funny. He just exposed himself in the subreddit. No, but some of these are, you know, come on now. Some of these are completely unrelated. Watch your favorite kids show anywhere. Kids video disappearance in the park. Sugar baby TV. Wait, no, it's Super Baby. Was it Super Baby the whole time or was it Sugar Baby? Hold on. I have to go in the history here. Is it Super Baby the whole time? Oh my god, it was Super Baby the whole time. I'm actually dyslexic. What the? Watch your favorite kid show anywhere. Super Baby TV, not Sugar Baby. See more recent ones. The aspect ratio of this ad is crazy. Cinematic. It's a cinematic one. I'm looking for ones. The hell is wrong with YouTube ads? I I'm starting to think these are a little more uh targeted than anything. I never see these most of the time. It's rare. Tango live just for research purposes. All right, let's see. Are these real streams? Who is sitting on this? What going on in here? About this one. Oh, look at this GTA character. He fresh though. I won't lie. All right, we're getting off this freaking mid. That will be the new Twitch in 5 years. 51 seconds of Parmesan cheese being dumped on some fries. Here's another one. Super Baby again, dude. Okay, so it seems like right now these are pretty common. Super Baby is like the only bad one cuz it takes you to a website of like kids videos, but pop-ups that that are bad. Oh my god, this one too. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I didn't see that, dude. This is messed up. YouTube thinking that's normal. He says he's a cat person. Horro. What is this? Is this a live stream thing? No good. All bots ads in YouTube Premium. Oh my god. I would cancel that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] immediately if I got an ad. I don't have YouTube Premium though. I'm not going to lie. Apparently, everyone's having YouTube Premium ads. Is there an ad version and then a completely adree version? I don't even know. 1 minute 27 second unskippable ad. Yeah, I'll just go take a piss or something while that's going. That's enough looking at ads, man. From what I looked at compared to months ago, I feel like it is a little bit more tame than it was. But Super Baby, that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] needs to get nuked. I don't know if it's just me, but Super Baby TV, I don't know if this is bad or not, but for me, I got horrible pop-ups. I don't know. I don't know, man. Super Baby TV kind of kind of iffy. I don't know. Nothing is wrong with this computer right now. Like, this is a fresh laptop. Brand new. Literally got a brand new laptop. I don't know why I was getting pop-ups like that. It's not like I really downloaded anything yet. I don't know, man. But yeah, that's going to conclude the video. If you guys enjoyed this, be sure to like and subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Osamu_DazaiMackerel [1 likes]: 8 month later…I saw an ad last week of a 1S year old girl STRIPPING TO PROMOTE P0RN, I reported it. 

Edit : NO PROBLEMS THERE ACCORDING TO GOOGLE!
  2. @Damiandoesthings-e8z [1 likes]: Whenever I scroll through Shorts, I always get ads for free Rubax or hacking tools.
  3. @IceAviation.34 [1 likes]: Bruh fuck google i may move to ecosia
  4. @95fanXD [1 likes]: Google what are you doing DUDE I GOT A AD TODAY FOR A WEBSITE WHERE PEOPLE SELL.. feet pics.. 
Google what.
  5. @ifiwasamushroom [1 likes]: 4:55 i remember playing this in school
  6. @paraa2443: he just downloaded zzz 😭
  7. @pro_india-v5z: 0:47 that's my religion
  8. @sfflow-r9r: 1:52 jumanji run
  9. @GrizzlyYT-GDFNMC: My teacher was showing us a video on yt and when it ended it was an ad of a ai "peen"but only the tip and it said "humans don't ma******te and drink for nothing"
  10. @SEVEN_BURGERS: Bro got a honeytoon add on sugarbaby rip 8:15
  11. @mrfolk1909: 1:53 if you mash strawberries
  12. @IAmSoapiYT: 1:50 I believe it's called Jumanji Epic Run
  13. @DarkProductions2026: Love how YouTube takes down a video for "violating their policies" yet when people try to report nsfw ads then they'll say that they "dont violate their policies" like step up your damn gain YouTube
  14. @shotgunJonny-i1y: Bro is one strand of getting a virus
  15. @Dioxidyx: 8:09 finding porn ads inside of a kids website is actually crazy
  16. @BobOpiz: 4:55 omg i remember playing this as a kid, i spent a long time trying to find it, what's it called?
  17. @williamdower9000: Dude I legit played the GTA 5 simulator game in like 7th grade, I was just thinkin about that game like a week ago🔥🔥🔥
  18. @legendaryplayer-q8v: I click on this video and there was a weird ass ad
  19. @houdemon: bro installed the actual zenless zero XDD
  20. @Lavender_x.shortcake: Bro found out about ZZZ

- Interactive Brokers, annoying commercial #2: Kind: captions Language: en hey hey sorry to be late did you hear about the NATO plane downed by Russia no markets are a mess everybody's selling or at least trying to if their brokers are up and running but it's almost eight everything's closed that depends who your broker is I can trade in Chicago London Hong Kong right now wow the markets already down two percent I'm sorry I need to do some hedging trades you want to trade here right now yeah let's just take a minute Wow who's your broker

  Top Comments:
  1. @jdean2131: In the new annoying Interactive Brokers  commercial #3 it asked if Republicans will keep the House Majority in 2026..and of course they have the snotty hipster female clicking NO…so it shows you what side of the political divide they are on. How stupid can you be?  Why not just be neutral and not eliminate 75% of the population. IB seems to have a severe case of TDS.  I will never support or do business with Interactive Brokers because of this…what a bunch of A-Holes.

- The Insidious World of Fake Mobile Game Ads: Kind: captions Language: en this is a YouTube advertisement for a mobile game called Evony the king's return you've probably seen this ad or ads just like it a million billion jillion times before right but if you go to the App Store on your phone and you download this game you will quickly realize that the game you see in this ad does not exist eany is a game about city building you build an Empire and level up your town hall and all that good stuff but despite the fact that this ad is a lie this marketing strategy is clearly very effective this game has over a 100 million downloads on the Google Play store so you might be thinking to yourself why would a company even do this what do they stand to gain by tricking over a 100 million people into downloading a game that doesn't even exist well I can answer your question in just one word whes and when you think of whales you might think of you know big giant creatures swimming through the sea or maybe you know the country with hills and sheep and stuff but a mobile game developer when they think of a whale they think of this guy his name is daer and he is completely and utterly addicted to a mobile game called fate Grand order he spends basically every waking moment of his life playing this game and at the time of this Wall Street Journal video being released he had spent roughly $70,000 on the game so much money that he couldn't actually State an exact figure and perhaps the most shocking part of it all is that he doesn't regret spending a single penny this right here is the lifeblood of your average free-to-play mobile game maybe your game gets a 100 million downloads but the overwhelming majority of those players won't spend a single penny on your game many of them will quit after just a couple of hours a small percentage of players will spend small amounts of money here or there just to make the game more fun for them but then a very small number of people will spend astronomical amounts of money on the game so much money that it makes up for all of the other people who never spent a penny combined and the more downloads your game gets the more whales you get According to some sources only about 2% of all mobile game players turn out to be whales yet they are responsible for spending the overwhelming majority of the money that the mobile gaming industry makes each year and 2% % of 100 million downloads is a whole lot more whales than 2% of 10,000 downloads so an advertisement like this which just flagrantly shows you a game that isn't real is doing its job exactly right all this ad needs to do is convince you to download the game that's it because yeah sure 90% of people are going to uninstall it basically immediately and 98% of people won't spend a penny but those 2% make so much money that from the the gaming company's perspective all of this lying and cheating is worth it in the end and it makes the biggest mobile game developers billions of dollars every year but you're all probably thinking to yourself the exact same thing right now this is just false advertising Isn't false advertising meant to be illegal don't these companies get sued into the ground for advertising a game that's completely fake well in theory yes false advertising is illegal and it can get you into some serious trouble but in practice these companies aren't actually breaking the law you see when I said this game didn't exist I was almost telling the truth because this game you see in the advert does exist inside of evany the king's return see it's a mini game that you can play inside of evany you can play it for free for about half an hour before the levels run dry and you have to start engaging with the base building mechanics that most of the game is centered around so to any government agency looking in you technically falsely advertise your product this game is inside the mobile app that it's advertising it's not false advertising it's just disingenuous advertising and disingenuous isn't illegal so they get away with it now there are some games that do a much much worse job of pretending to be the game from the ad like whilst I was researching this video I played a game called top War battle game that as far as I could tell wasn't even trying trying to pretend to be the game from the ad so I have no idea how companies like these get away with it but generally the game in the ad will be somewhere inside the app at some point they run an ad that shows a game that looks kind of fun so it convinces you to download the game you play this little mini game for half an hour before quickly realizing that the bulk of the game is not really what you signed up for and this is where most people just uninstall the game and never think about it again but for that tiny 2% of players they get hooked on what the rest of the game contains and they spend money again and again and they single-handedly bankroll the entire company that makes the game for years to come now if you've been on the internet for a while and have a relatively good memory you might also remember these adverts these ones are similarly Infamous for being completely fake and not representing the game at all in fact these ones are so Infamous that they actually made an entire ad campaign that literally commented on how their ads are fake guys didn't y'all believe that all those puzzle ads were fake and there's no such game but today I finally found the game eony The King's return honestly this one is so bold in just like doubling down on the LIE that I honestly kind of respect it but these ads were all over the Internet a few years back just blatantly showing a game that they had no intention of actually letting you play for more than 10 minutes but these ads were discontinued a long time ago and they've not been running for years and when you download eany this old game is nowhere to be found which sheds a light on another strategy these mobile game companies use to advertise their game they use what's called AB testing they will create a bunch of different adverts and then roll them all out onto YouTube all at once then they look at the statistics to see which of these ads performed the best and which of them resulted in the most down loads for the game whichever of these ads that they created that does the best will be kept and the rest will get discarded they then take the successful ad and they make some iterations of it changing you know details here and there inside the ad then they roll out those ads again and measure their success and they do this over and over again until they have the perfect ad to get as many downloads as possible for their game and the most important part of all is that whatever mini game they decide to show in the advert is literally completely made up from scratch and if one of the fake mini gamess in the ad starts to do well as an ad campaign they then start making the mini game for their app to match the ad funnily enough most products usually start you know making the product first and then they make the ad to reflect the product but mobile game companies start with the ad and the moment this ad stops working as well as it used to the moment people start to catch on that the game they're being advertised is completely fake the company then changes their entire ad campaign make a brand new ad with a brand new fake game and spread it far and wide starting the cycle all over again now whilst I was researching this video there was one thing that I just couldn't get my head around for the longest time if you're a mobile game company and you have an ad that looks like this that is insanely popular why not just make your entire game look like this like it's clearly super popular people like it a lot and it convinces them to download your game and there are literally thousands of negative reviews on the app store Page talking about how mad they are about the false advertising so if you get all this backlash from your scummy marketing strategy why not just make the entire game be just like the super popular ad campaign that your team came up with well this is where we get to the saddest and most Insidious part of the story you see whales are only half of the money making strategy that these game companies employ because even if you get a 100 million downloads on your app even if 2 million whales Rock up to your app cash in hand you still have to convince those whales to spend their money in the first place and this is where we get to the nasty part the reason eany is a base Builder and the reason it's been a base builder for its entire lifetime is because the base Builder game is Created from the ground up by very intelligent people with one single goal in mind to be as addictive and manipulative as possible in order to get you to feel pressured into spending your money and once you've started spending your money it's designed to keep you spending it over and over again whales aren't just whales because they're stupid and have too much money on their hands they're whales because they are unfortunately addicted to a game that they are willing to waste tens of thousands of dollars on and this little mini game of enemies running down the lanes at you just isn't good at making whales spend their money it's very good at convincing people to download a game it's fantastic marketing but the downside of this miname is that it's hard to monetize whereas a Bas Builder or an anime RPG is incredibly easy to monetize and they use all of the nastiest little tricks in the book that you can possibly think of to manipulate people into spending their money they slow your progression through the game to a crawl and then offer you the ability to buy your progression back they intentionally don't make their games too skill-based so that you'll be more willing to just buy chances to win they offer you limited time deals to make you feel pressured into spending money literally right now or else the deal goes away they make desirable characters skins or items impossible to directly buy and make it so that the only way to access them is through loot box mechanics that are completely random in fact there's this really really scary disgusting video on the internet called let's go wailing where this guy this evil dirty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bastard of a man goes on a massive 20 minute talk about just how he monetizes a mobile game and it is genuinely like staring in the face of Satan himself I won't go over the entire video here I'll just link it in the description for you to watch the whole thing and I really do recommend you watch it because he goes over every dirty little trick in the business that mobile game companies use to pathologize spending money and after You' finished watching that video and after this guy has made you really really angry just think that there are dozens of people just like this guy that work at the biggest and most profitable gaming companies in the world and they spend every moment of their working lives trying to weasle their way into your mind and into your wallet so that is why the mobile game company can't just make their entire game look like the ad because the game in the ad looks much more fun to play but it's much worse at slightly convincing people to part with their hard-earned cash and you might be sat at home thinking to yourself well I would never be dumb enough to fool for this stuff I have never spent a penny on a mobile game in my life and that's just the thing because you're probably right you probably wouldn't fall for this stuff but there are people out there that do and they fall for it really hard and as much as you might not want to admit it those people are just like you and me they're not dumber than you they're not necessarily less able to see it for what it is than you are they're just more prone to falling into these addiction traps than you are they are being manipulated in one way or another by a bunch of people in suits just like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who spend their lives abusing quirks of human psychology to make themselves insanely Rich at the expense of everyday people just like you so if you're ever watching YouTube and you see a mobile game ad that looks appealing to you please for the love of God don't click on it because clicking on it is exactly what they want you to do thanks for watching [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @petermello55: They need to be in prison, fuck fines, they need to suffer.
  2. @BankaiIchigo12345: There should be a law for video game ads, that the nature of the gameplay shown in an ad must be representative of at least 50% of the actual game, and if not it must include a disclaimer in the ad stating that this is a minigame (or otherwise only represents a small fraction of the actual gameplay). Failure to follow that law should carry a penalty of a fine of 110% of the profits made during the use of the misleading ads. They make 100 million dollars on the game through dishonest ads? They should have to pay a fine of 110 million dollars. That right there would stop these ads from lying, and force the ads to be completely honest. No company would want to lose that much money for lying, so they would finally tell the truth.
  3. @BankaiIchigo12345: It is a city building game but there's also combat levels, which do play out like the ad. In fact, when I downloaded the game and played it, I found it starts out with a combat level that looks very similar to the one shown in the ad, with the same game mechanics.
  4. @刘蜀闽: i got almost loat my cash i ads game called i am street guy my phone got hotter tell me there or virus i delete game❤❤❤
  5. @jameswaterworth8480: I played a game called Ultima online back in 2000. Community-based game.p about watching an app game 25 times I finally downloaded it. It was not what it advertised. The game was called King shot. Do not download this game for any reason. It took control of me, because of the AI in it and the levels of AI in it. I thought I had a good understanding and I could not be taken advantage of. I was wrong. At the gas station attendant I invested over $500 in this game. I thought it had real players in it, it does not. The manipulation is incredible. Spend no money on this game or any other game with its AI. After 4 weeks I deleted the game and it has hurt me mentally and emotionally. I can only offer you this warning. AI evil exists. Thank you to the makers of this video it helped. Thank you:-)
  6. @AdamWoolnough1981: So it's not a fake game ad, just a fake video title
  7. @Tor-Erik: One time there was an similar ad like this but with the Dragon Ball theme were we have Goku in Super Saiyan 3 form fires a minigun at swarms of Frieza's and one giant Super Android 13 as a boss.
The actual game was just Dragon Ball Legends.
  8. @Nano444-p3k: I can't believe that these companies go to these insane extents just so they don't simply create an attractive, exciting ad for their game. Like don't they spend huge amounts of money on people who fake all those things and do all of this research? How expensive could it be to just create a nice ad?
  9. @leonc9760: Now YouTube have started putting them amongst the videos and there's so many of them. What I hate though is when you go to skip and the app store box pops up as you press skip and takes you to the store! 🤬 These are are rage inducing
  10. @OGNCR_GUJO: I found a game that's the same with the ads
  11. @cassie-m4g2o: to all of those 2% of mobile players who are whales...


I am going to find you and banish you to the shadow realm
  12. @BP-kc3dj: BRAVO!!! Excellent commentary.
  13. @Insiidious18: 1:24 rookie numbers btw, if you want the real money spending look at Chinese players, some of them spend millions in USD.
  14. @potatonumber1-x4r: Prime example is rush royale
  15. @Brick-of_wall: i got 2 ads at work the start of the video😭🙏🥀
  16. @viewlesscheese: The people that spend money are dumb sorry to say not sorry.
  17. @gragadonking: The only mobile purchase ive ever made is minecraft andbi dont regret it
  18. @gragadonking: The true is this is what the game used to be but n now its basically just a gooner game
  19. @TheJudgeraye: Thats a great video man
  20. @caecae2726: This video should have 100 times more views.

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- How to 10X Your Facebook Ads with This Simple 3-Step Strategy #facebookads: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only campaign you will need to launch your FB ads or your ads in this video I will share with you a simple Facebook ads strategy that can help you 10x or 20x your results on Facebook ads We will be using an AI tool and the resources that you should know and use when doing Facebook ads we will talk about is the strategy so in Facebook ads there are many strategies that will tell you SAO when it comes to scaling strategy step by step that you can watch on YouTube There are many of them and I also have many videos available on YouTube but the strategy that I will share with you is I Believe you did not know before or the first time you heard or maybe you have already done it but this one is my new approach on scaling my ads personally and with my clients from 10,000 to 100 TH a day more than before So the strategy that I will share with you here in our training strategy So basically the first thing we will talk about here is You need to identify Who are your competitors there are many advertisers that they do not They consider that they don't want to engage with them, they don't want to study their competitors and Did you know that for your Facebook ads to work, competitor research or market research is one of the best strategies for you to know and validate whether the paid ads you are going to do will be successful? So here you need to have market research, so market research or competitor research number two, let's talk about it here, I'll share the tool called the ad library number three, the f ads structure, even if your ads are new, you can use this structure, and this structure is designed so you're ready if you sell later on. Okay, so is that okay with you? So let's do this, let's talk about it. So the first thing we're going to do is study who your competitors are. So you need to identify, you should know your competitors. Let's say for example, first, you'll see one of my ads here. So I will be running multiple ads, multiple campaigns, multiple ad accounts, and as you can see here, in an ad account that I manage, that's February 4. You'll see the spent here. That's 63, so we're like that. eager when it comes to FB ads one of the things I'm going to teach you is the structures So you need to watch this video until the end so that's new here let's go to the competitor I will be using chat gpt and deep seck you're not familiar with deep seck this is the new ai So basically they are the same tool but let's compare which is better so here I will give you a prompt no prompt meaning This is the request that we will give or instructions that we will give to chat gpt so this prompt is just peace here on dips write me a list of my top 30 competitors for this brand Okay let's say 20 Okay that's a brand Here we go let's just copy-paste dph and then I'll put the website here Then I'll submit it so the same here with deep seek so they are the same they will generate That's okay not available search It's okay okay big brands global recognition powerhouse Nike Adidas Puma under armor Rebook new balance sketchers Okay great great so Here is the number for chat gpt 20 is Decathlon Philippines dips is number 20 is active fan Philippines athlete and Titan 22 and so on so they are different from what was given but um It's not far apart so there is also a description of dips global leader nice leader in sportswear with a strong digital Presence with with extensive Facebook ads campaign It's not that bad Nik philippines so this seems okay because you already know your top competitor brands you will find out what your competitors are doing because it's important that you know their approach so you have a clue because what they are doing is validated and They are the ones with big budgets in paid ads meaning if you run ads Do you have an idea or clue What are the types of ads they are doing toyota.com.ph so let's copy the link There I will also show you what you will do here is just edit change send then The same goes for chat gpt okay any of these two chat gpt or deeps you are using no problem what they gave is okay too um research top 20 competitors Toyota Mitsubishi Honda you put yourself in your other competitors so you have competitor research so it's better if your competitors have a website because you can study the nice 18 byds here so let's see search let's Mitsubishi Motors Philippines or Mitsubishi Okay let's see 99 O and majority here what are these Agents no So you will see here they have ads there Okay same type of ad but Yeah Look for something that will make you stop there in the ads but this one is Mitsubishi Motor Philippines it seems like their own campaign so Okay also their campaign that's what I want nice nice this one is video okay to video when There is L300 okay so most of here are just images these are ads managers Okay seller pages now You have an idea where to find the best ads here on Facebook and also a way to know that paid ads are working it depends it depends how long ago the ads this one was posted because it was posted here February 3 meaning yesterday because February 4 now just chatting That's impression date almost Uh one month running so total active times in 2 hours is platform here in Pababa That's January 23 so I mean need to say when this ad is running he's running for 2 weeks to 1 month or more than that It means his ads are effective because he's not killing his ads like he's working So that's one of the strategies where you can validate if the ad is running or effective when it's been running for multiple months more than one month that's ranking if you see an ad that's been running for one year that's great because the ad he created is very effective So that's one tip now What is the strategy when I run ads what's called FB ads structure so in FB ads structure what we'll do here in the ad account I'll show SAO Okay let 's create a camp here in the ad and then It depends on the ad you're using if you're engagement you can use it in engagement going to send message if sales then sales so let's say engagement you click on the continue manual engagement campaign then Here we go So now what you'll do is create multiple campaigns let's assume you're new to ads and it's your first time running ads you're also your first time exploring ads manager so all you need to do is create three add campaigns So basically our first campaign to do is You need to create a campaign called scaling Okay scaling campaign So the scale campaign means this is where all your performing ads will go So I won't go into SAO how to set up ads manager how to create as long as the Goal is all your performing ads that are working will go here Okay so another one we'll create another ad or campaign where you'll call it a testing campaign basically the campaign is this is where you'll put the ads that you want to run So by the way what are we doing cbo or non cbo it works because your campaign will test those ads So this one is where you'll panic and put that in the scaling campaign so you get that So what's the last structure now You should have a retargeting campaign, so coach. What is a retargeting campaign? Retargeting campaign is the ad campaign or ad set that you are launching where you only show it to people who have watched the video on your page that can go to your website and by creating an audience, so that's the custom audience. So basically this strategy is When we look back at that campaign, it means the structure. When we look back at that structure, this is the structure that will help you. So, is it better for your ads that are working and those that are not working? When in the testing campaign, let's say that one of your ad sets is performing and the status of your ad is good and the performance is good, what you will do there is that you are your idli. By the way, I can't date him because this ad account that we demoed is unsettled, but basically you will put him and that's what you will put in the scaling campaign. Okay, so all the ads that will give good performance or good results are put in the scaling campaign. All right, does that get there? So meaning to say that the structure is We talked about how you can organize your ads faster and now you won't have a hard time scaling and don't worry about scaling, just test all your campaigns, make sure to run multiple campaigns. The more ads, the better. The ones that will work, the ad sets, the ones you add in your testing. Move them to the scaling campaign. Once they're in the scaling campaign, what you'll do is increase the budget. It can be gradual or you can also increase your budget right away. So basically, in 2025, there's a lot of changes when it comes to FB ads. Previously, it worked. You really had to increase the budget slowly. But now, we've noticed that even though we increase the budget quickly, we still maintain the cost. Now, you have to send a Benchmark. The benchmark you set suddenly dropped, meaning you stop scaling. But when you see that your scaling is going on every day, it's going straight. That's why you're stable. Just keep scaling. meaning Facebook gives you good conversion So that 's that's the strategy of doing FB ads So if we go back to market research this one we did research earlier and then we used the FB ad library tool that's free and next is the FB ads structure what is the fbads structure that I showed you earlier fbads structure where you will first create three 1 2 3 campaigns so those three campaigns are testing Okay retargeting retargeting no problem even um It won't be consecutive and then this one is the scaling That's so by creating multiple campaigns per offer or product or for a client this is the only campaign you will need to launch His FB ads or your ads testing campaign retargeting campaign can't be lost It's a pity the traffic or those who showed interest and the scaling campaign already so hopefully the short video helped SAO and If you got a lot of tips and value any questions feel free to comment below this video and I'm so happy to answer your questions this is coach J See you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [6 likes]: Facebook Ads Group For Pinoy Media Buyers - With FREE Video Tutorials. https://bit.ly/pinoymediabuyers
  2. @journeywithGandM [4 likes]: Super Generous at effective  ng mga tutorials mo. God Bless you more 😊
  3. @EarlHeteroza [2 likes]: Thanks coach for more tips to how can run this ads
  4. @juleiangelicaandes9932 [1 likes]: thank you for the tutorials
  5. @wmesprotector.since2023 [1 likes]: Thank you
  6. @jfdavao6400: HELLO sir new follower here .. so informative vblog mo <3
  7. @eggxecution: great!
  8. @keyboarding88: how
  9. @mariasophiafrancisco122: upskilling as content associate
  10. @TheGreatTraveler: How much po kapag testing?
  11. @khelvin199: Coach, how to run ads live selling?
  12. @wellness753: Salamat coach
  13. @KENSVENGaming: Ano po link para ma search mga ibang ads?
  14. @romarcarpio9012: You mean sir tatlo kailangan mong iboost na post ko for Scaling, Retargeting and testing?
  15. @nextgenrevenueaccelarator: Thankyou sir ja5
  16. @MarcelinoDulay-m4q: hello, pano ka po ma contact in private po .. thank u po
  17. @cresaljhaymaguray4699: Yung mga naka ads ba sa isang ad account mo sir is iisang niche?
  18. @JovenScottie1993: Good day sir 
Need paba pumili sa special ad category or ok lng kht Dina pumili bsta nka on
  19. @SwedyAlkobi: Paano.po yung A/B testing?
  20. @reymondelopre7830: Dko po gets ung ilalagay sa scaling campaign. Paano po?

- Facebook Ads for Authors | Beginner Strategy to Test Without Wasting Money: Kind: captions Language: en Want to try Facebook ads, but you're scared of wasting money? Let's fix that. Facebook ads can work really well. I love them. And I can actually see when my clients start Facebook ads because we see a bump, right? Even the whole overall brand will actually see a bump. Even your AMS ads will work better if you start pushing people from Facebook ads. It's all about your targeting. It's all about how you set things up. It really does matter. All those pieces matter. But the best thing about why Facebook ads can work is you can continue to reach readers that you can't find organically. But the targeting is really awesome. The targeting capabilities are great in there. So, let's talk about how we could start small. If you start small in Facebook, I've heard people say, "Oh, you have to have testing at like $200 a day. You have to spend $100 a day." That's not true. Start with $5 a day. Start with a low daily budget. test different audiences using attribution links and other markers that will help you know what's testing correctly and what's not. And then keep testing, keep trying, and then you can start to scale. When you see a return, you know you're doing something correctly. If you don't see a return, something's not right. And you got to get in there and figure out what it is. You also want to make sure and choose the right campaign objective. Traffic or conversions for book sales. Traffic is for if you are trying to target to Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Coobo, Apple, any of these other platforms that you don't own is where you want to send traffic ads. Conversion ads are strictly for book sales on your own direct store. This could be Woo Commerce, Shopify, using PayHip, using anything like that where you actually own it and you have connected your own Facebook pixel to it. If you haven't connected it and you don't own it, you do not have the correct setup for conversion ads and they will not work. You'll just be dumping money. Audience basics. You really need to understand that your interest versus custom audiences are two different things, okay? You need to understand what the demographics are of your reader, who you're targeting, who you should be targeting, and who your ideal reader is. If you don't know those things, you're probably not writing a book to market either. So, you really need to make sure that you understand what your genre is, who your reader is, who your subg genre is, and what the message is that you're trying to share. Some key metrics that you're going to want to watch are CTR, which is clickth through rate, your CPC, which is cost per click, and your relevant score. I don't love the relevant score, but it is something to kind of keep track of because Facebook charges you based on how relevant it is. Okay? You also have your engagement, your frequency, impressions, blah blah blah. There's so many metrics. most important metric to keep track of is how much am I spending, how much am I making. Okay, I want you to avoid targeting too broadly, especially if you have a page where the message isn't very clear and Facebook isn't quite sure what it is that you are focusing on in your page. So, if you have been writing sweet romances and suddenly you switch over to steamy romances and you're trying to target steamy ro steamy readers, do not let Facebook put you towards the advantage plus program because they will be targeting your original style of readers and you will have some very unhappy readers that might be buying your books. Okay? You also want to avoid not testing creatives. So, make sure you're testing your creatives. This could be your text. This could be your images. This could be just the way the call out looks. The call to action, learn more, shop now, right? All of that works. And please do not ignore the data. Your data is there to help you make a wise and educated decision. If you're not sure, come check us out in Hivemind. We will talk to you about the right kind of ways to have your data, right kinds of steps to take to fix your data and what looks good and what doesn't look good and how to scale and how to grow. And if you're actually shooting a dead horse, just keep in mind that ads don't have to be scary, guys. Just test, learn, and adjust. That's really the biggest thing that you have to do with any kind of ad program or any ad platform. When you go into it with a strategy in mind and all of your other pieces are in place, it really is fun to start your marketing and start your ads and watching everything grow. Okay guys, click like and subscribe and I can't wait to see you in the next video. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeatlesRewind: Thank you for explaining this in less than 5 minutes! 😊
  2. @the-Inspiration-hub: Hi, I am so so glad I came across your channel. I do exactly the same as you. Could we please hook up and exchange ideas....

I create for 2 years now also books but just can't get sales. 

On my youtube channel here, I also upload review videos of my books, I put effort in, but still no sales. 

Something am doing wrong....

May I ask your advice? how do my books and videos appear to you? I upload them also on tiktok, Instagram, pintrest, Facebook but still hardly sales

- Instagram Ads vs Facebook Ads for Travel: Which Works Best in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Is your tourism brand's ad spend disappearing into a black hole? Many businesses struggle to choose between Facebook and Instagram ads, assuming they're basically the same thing. The simple truth is they work best together, but they're far from identical when it comes to demographics and placements. To truly scale and grow, you need to know the strengths of each and when to pivot your focus from one to the other. I'm Brishan, lead digital strategist at Travel Tractions, and in this advanced Meta Ads guide, I'm going to show you the key differences between Instagram ads and Facebook ads for travel. We'll look at the demographic breakdowns, placement nuances, and advanced targeting tactics required to win in the travel industry. So, keep watching because if you can adopt these advanced strategies, you'll turn prior guesswork into data-driven success. Before you can begin serving your ads, you need to know who you're most likely to reach. Facebook remains the undisputed king for the 35-65 plus demographic. In fact, statistics show that 83% of adult women and 75% of adult men are active on Facebook, and over 41% of the 65 plus demographic log in daily. So, if you're selling luxury cruises, high-end wellness retreats, or multi-generational family packages, Facebook is your goldmine. Instagram, on the other hand, is where discovery happens for millennials and generation Z's. We're talking about a demographic that has over $2.5 trillion in buying power and spends an average of 4 hours a day on social media. To show this disparity in demographics, only 10% of Instagram's users are over 65. In other words, if your destination is visually driven and caters to a younger audience wanting adventure or solo travel, Instagram is where you need to dominate the awareness phase. While Instagram is the ideal platform for your millennial and Gen Z audience, Facebook also has a place for this demographic. Facebook groups are some of the go-to places for high-earning frequent travelers and digital nomads looking for community suggestions about their destinations. And because you can refine your audience to people who recently engaged with groups like these, Facebook is a treasure trove for targeting the millennial and Gen Z demographics most likely to convert. If you're new to Meta Ads and need to craft an advanced strategy, our team is happy to help. You can book a free discovery session to discuss how we can assist you further via the link in the description. >> [bell] >> Placements are where most travel brands waste their budget. In 2026, you need to understand the key differences. For example, Instagram has five main placement areas, while Facebook has over six. Some of the primary placement options you can use for both Instagram and Facebook are feed placements, which will appear on someone's organic feed and work great for video, single image, and carousel ads. Then there are stories, which are best suited for 9:16 aspect ratio videos and single image ads. Reels, on the other hand, are primarily best for 9:16 aspect ratio videos. And lastly, profile feed, which will show up when somebody visits someone else's profile, are great for awareness opportunities. Why do these placements work so well? For starters, they are fantastic visual storytellers, which the travel industry relies on. They're also the perfect opportunity for you to serve your ads on both platforms with full effect. While stories, reels, and feed ads are fantastic for travel, there are some placement options you should completely avoid. First up is Messenger inbox. These placements feel more like an invasion of privacy, and they don't really work that well for travel. Next up is the right column. While they are a low-budget option, they only apply to Facebook desktop users. Plus, they aren't visually focused, so they're not great for travel. Then there's Meta Audience [clears throat] Network, which will place your ads on third-party sites and apps, so not Facebook or Instagram. And they usually crop your ads, making them visually unappealing. Next up are Facebook notifications. These placements use no visual elements, so they often result in very low engagement rates for the travel industry. Lastly, we have Facebook in-stream reels. These ads are cropped to a 16x9 horizontal aspect ratio and will appear while another reel is playing. They aren't great for visual storytelling and don't dominate the screen as needed for travel. As these placements lack the immersive visual power to sell a high-value experience, they are the least relevant placement options for the travel industry. A pro tip is you'll want to turn off the multi-advertiser ad setting when adding your creatives. This setting will place your creatives alongside other ads. Why isn't this setting ideal? You want to use the technical term known as framework native. Essentially, what this means is you want your ad to feel as natural and look as natural as possible within someone's feed. When your ad features alongside several other competitor ads, it reduces that natural feeling you're looking for. >> Now, let's take a deep dive into the advanced target audiences you can use that will improve your campaign's performance. The key audiences we'll cover include pleasure travelers, corporate travel, workcation seekers, conscious luxury travelers, managed experience seekers, solo female travelers, multi-generational groups, and collaborative searchers. Remember, the type of traveler you're targeting will change how you use Instagram and Facebook. Pleasure travelers, also known as digital nomads and remote workers, are people looking to pair slow travel and work. These people can work from anywhere in the world and are often looking for accommodation that can support their work needs as well as deeper experiences of the destinations they're visiting. Corporate travel, on the other hand, are companies looking to offer shared experiences for their team to cultivate positive working relationships. Although they have different intents, Facebook is a powerhouse for both these audiences at the awareness stage as you can refine your audience based on their job title and workplace. Once at the conversion stage, you'll want to use a blend of Facebook and Instagram ads to target your audience effectively on both platforms. Next up, workcation seekers prioritize emotional and spiritual experiences over the destination, such as wellness retreats or work-free getaways. Likewise, the conscious luxury traveler is driven by their purpose and values. They want the experience to align with their sustainable or moral beliefs. At the awareness stage, using reels and stories to showcase your unique selling point works really well for these audiences. You want to use visual storytelling and clear amenity breakdowns to showcase why your offer is what they want. When looking to convert, highlighting your unique offer with influencer testimonials on Instagram proves highly effective for workcation and conscious luxury travelers. Now, managed experience seekers are your ultimate luxury traveler. They're looking for the complete experience, not a DIY travel plan. Similarly, [clears throat] solo female travelers often seek curated adventures that value discretion, safety, and wellness. For awareness campaigns, Instagram stories and reels are perfect for creating a visual narrative of the experience you have to offer. From there, you'll want to utilize a mix of Facebook and Instagram placements at the conversion stage. This is because many of these travelers then go and look at reviews and group validation on Facebook communities and Instagram influencer profiles before they go and hit book. Then there are multi-generational groups who are planning high-end family trips. Both Instagram and Facebook are great for this audience at the awareness stage as you can reach all generations of the family on both platforms. However, the decision-makers for this audience are usually parents in their 50s or 60s, so you're more likely to make the final conversion through Facebook. And finally, the collaborative searchers are usually millennial and Gen Z friend groups looking to plan group travel. You'll want to use Instagram to spark initial awareness with shareable reels that can be sent to group chats. Then you'll want to retarget the entire group on both platforms to push that final conversion. >> If you don't have your technical foundation sorted, then your creativity doesn't matter. Having your Meta Pixel and Conversions API set up is one thing, but getting them to speak to one another and influence your ad campaigns is another thing entirely. The first thing you want to do before you set up any of your campaigns is you want to make sure that your pixel and your Conversions API are tracking correctly. It's fine getting people to your website from your ads, but knowing what they do once they're on your website is the key to reducing ad costs and improving conversions. Some key factors to consider tracking on your website include page path. You want to know which pages they visit once they've reached your website. Next up is page search. If your website has a plugin where people can search for availability on specific dates, then you want to be able to track when that action happens. You'll also want to track form filling. If you have an inquiry form on your website, you'll want to know when people fill in these forms to improve your conversion goals. The real secret to outranking OTAs on Meta Ads is the first-party data loop. Tracking these key events on your website will make it much easier for you to target your ideal audience. Not only does this mean that you'll target people more likely to convert, it also means you'll reach them on the social media platforms they use the most, be it Facebook or Instagram. When creating your ads, make sure they're separated into two campaigns, a broad audience campaign and a retargeting campaign. At the broad audience level, make sure that you exclude all Instagram and Facebook profile visitors, as well as website visitors for the last 365 days. The goal of this campaign is to reach people who have never engaged with your brand before. You can then create a custom audience of website visitors from your broad audience ads. This will help you serve relevant ads to people who are previously interested in what you a month, create a look-alike audience based on viewers who watched 50% or more of your video ads. This will help improve your targeting even further by reaching people who are more likely to watch your video ads for longer, thus increasing your conversion rate and reducing your ad cost. So, the question shouldn't be Instagram ads or Facebook ads for travel. It should be, "How can I use them together for the best possible results?" If you can identify your target demographic, consider the key placement differences, adopt one of the advanced targeting tactics, and make sure that your tracking is set up correctly, you can turn Meta ads into one of your best lead generators. Please like, subscribe, and turn on notifications for more videos like this. It would also be greatly appreciated if you could leave a comment down below if you have any questions about the topic or if there's anything you want me to cover in future. If you need help with your ads, you can book a free call with one of our experts down below. And lastly, if you're new to Meta ads and want to learn more, check out this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brokenroadsign1507 [1 likes]: This is so informative, great video once again!
  2. @traveltractions: 📌 Learn more about our services here https://traveltractions.com/tourism-ppc/
Need help implementing? 👉 Book a discovery call →  https://traveltractions.com/book-a-call/
Question for you: What’s the thing that makes the most difference to your ads?
  3. @travelagencyvideos: This video really connected with me. I’m currently working with a travel agency that organizes group tours for people in retirement, and something interesting came up, most of their travelers are single women. After 30 years in the business, the owner clearly understands that this is his main audience, and now everything is designed around them.
When I started creating videos for this agency, I realized something important, editing is not the hard part. Understanding who you are speaking to is.
It completely changed how I approach content. It’s no longer just about showing a trip, but about understanding what this person needs to feel safe, excited, and ready to go. Even more, sometimes the decision is made by their children or grandchildren, so the video has to speak to them as well. That’s a totally different level of thinking. From simple editing to creating something that actually connects and sells.
And this is why your content helped me it made me think deeper about the audience, not just the visuals. At the same time, I honestly don’t understand how some agencies try to sell everything to everyone - honeymoons, families, cruises,  all at once. It feels impossible to communicate clearly that way. Thank you again for your work. This kind of content is really valuable for people in the travel business.
  4. @travelagencyvideos: This video really connected with me. I’m currently working with a travel agency that organizes group tours for people in retirement, and something interesting came up, most of their travelers are single women. After 30 years in the business, the owner clearly understands that this is his main audience, and now everything is designed around them.
When I started creating videos for this agency, I realized something important, editing is not the hard part. Understanding who you are speaking to is.
It completely changed how I approach content. It’s no longer just about showing a trip, but about understanding what this person needs to feel safe, excited, and ready to go. Even more, sometimes the decision is made by their children or grandchildren, so the video has to speak to them as well. That’s a totally different level of thinking. From simple editing to creating something that actually connects and sells.
And this is why your content helped me it made me think deeper about the audience, not just the visuals. At the same time, I honestly don’t understand how some agencies try to sell everything to everyone - honeymoons, families, cruises,  all at once. It feels impossible to communicate clearly that way. Thank you again for your work. This kind of content is really valuable for people in the travel business.
  5. @ecotrilhaportugaltours: I agree with excluding some placements. However, when we manually select only the “best” placements, costs can increase—at least that’s what some experts argue. They suggest letting Meta optimize placements automatically to achieve better conversions and overall results.
  6. @mattdavison2816: Another great video! Really useful, thanks Brishan!
  7. @daillynchalmers8139: Very helpful tips! Thanks Brishan 🙌

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | From Facebook Beginner to EXPERT In One Video!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook is easily the biggest and most important social media network available right now with almost 3 billion users you simply can't afford to ignore the powerhouse that is the facebook empire but what's even more exciting isn't just the number of users that facebook has but the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach and to market to its users from pages to groups to messenger to ads and so much more facebook really is a one-stop marketing shop and nothing else even comes close not even a little and when you understand how to use the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach your clients or your customers right where they are right now you'll never go hungry for leads customers or sales again so let's get to it facebook first came out in 2004 but it was in 2009 that it officially became the most popular social media platform in the world and it hasn't stopped growing since this is why whether you're a business owner an entrepreneur a marketer or even an employee that works for a business you simply can't afford to ignore facebook but knowing that facebook marketing is important to your business and knowing what tools are available and how to use them well those are two completely different things and that's why in this episode i'm gonna break down the different ways to use facebook to reach your audience grow your business and make more sales we'll start with the easiest and we'll move progressively through the list of options getting to the more complicated and more advanced strategies the beauty of facebook is that there really is something here for everyone whether you're first getting started marketing your business on facebook or whether you've been at this game for years so let's kick things off with one of the easiest and also one of my favorite ways to market yourself and your business on facebook which is the facebook personal page when most people think about facebook the personal page is normally the first thing that comes to mind in fact the general public people outside of marketing and outside of business well they're normally not even familiar with all of the other options that facebook gives you maybe aside from messenger and the odd facebook ad that pops up on their newsfeed to them the facebook personal page is facebook your facebook personal page is the main page that you see when you first log in it's what you signed up for it's typically your name and it's the page you use to connect with friends or with family it's not your business page you can't run ads through it it's just there but here's the deal it's also one of the most effective ways to connect with your network and to build your business and here's why first especially if you're just getting started in business it is incredibly important that your friends and your family know what you do after all word of mouth and getting referrals are incredibly powerful ways to build up your business but for them to refer you they need to know what you do after all people can't buy from you if they don't know that you exist or in this case people can't buy from you if they do know you exist but don't know that you have a business i learned this lesson personally years ago the hard way when i accidentally created content on my personal page that i meant for my business page and all of my friends and my family chimed in and they were asking questions about marketing and they had no idea that i was doing marketing now at the time i was telling myself that i didn't want to spam my friends and spam my family with my business so i would keep it separate this was a huge mistake the reality is is you can post strategically and carefully on your personal page about your business without spamming without being sleazy or salesy just let people know what you do the other reason that makes your personal facebook page just so effective really comes down to the almighty facebook algorithm which is essentially the system behind what facebook shows and to who it shows your stuff too well your facebook personal page is still one of the places that you have decent organic reach meaning you can create content on your personal page and it has a pretty good chance of getting shown to your friends and to your family alright moving on to the next tool that facebook gives you which is the facebook business page here's the deal with the facebook business page if you have a business you need a facebook business page period this is non-negotiable now the beauty of the facebook business page is that it gives you access to a whole new set of tools that just aren't available through your personal page like putting in your business address as well as running ads which we're going to talk about later unlike your personal page however which should be largely personal with a little bit of business your business page should be largely if not completely business now this doesn't mean being boring and it also doesn't mean hammering your audience with offer after offer trying to get them to buy something but it does mean keeping your content on key and largely business focused or business related or things that your customers or clients would find useful or interesting or valuable people that follow your personal page are going to be interested in you whereas people that follow your business page may be interested in you but they're probably more interested in what your business can do now when you first start a business page you're gonna have all of zero followers so you may be tempted to spend money on ads in order to build up your followers but to this uh i'd caution you first of all we saw this years ago when people spent a ton of money building up all of these followers for their business page only to have the facebook algorithm change and immediately destroy pretty much all of the reach that was coming from the page meaning let's say you had a hundred followers on your business page and you created content in the past maybe 50 or maybe even 60 people would see it well then they changed the algorithm and now two people would see it maybe five so all of this money that was spent on building up followers was largely wasted this is why a better approach is rather to try to build it up organically mention it through your website through your email newsletter and also let your facebook business page followers be a byproduct of any ads that you run again we'll talk about that in the future and by future i mean in just a minute but first facebook stories facebook stories are a fun and lighthearted and casual way to share kind of quick moments or behind the scenes goings-on of your business stories are vertical videos or pictures shot from your phone and they only last 24 hours the cool thing about stories is that they have stickers and effects and different emojis really just kind of have some fun with them when it comes to facebook stories the key really is just to use them and use them often once a day pretty much at least maybe even twice or three times or five times or ten times depending on your business depending on your market depending on your audience the great thing about stories though and why they really do need to be a part of your marketing is that they're a little more real a little more raw and a little more authentic they're also fast and fun really easy to make just grab your phone snap a quick picture shoot a quick video and pretty much done all right now let's talk about one of the most feared of all the facebook tools which is none other than facebook live facebook live just like instagram live or youtube live or any other live that's going to come out in the future is a live streaming platform meaning you can create live videos from your phone or from your desktop and broadcast them out either on your personal page or your business page or in any groups that you're a part of or own going live is a really effective way to show your true personality in a real and raw and authentic way after all it's like you can't edit that stuff out that's also why it freaks people out but your audience loves it you can go live from your phone or you can set up an entire live streaming studio from your desktop computer and go completely bananas the choice is totally up to you the point though here is that if you can find the courage to go live and don't be afraid to start small from your phone and work your way up from there if you can find the courage to do that it is an incredibly effective marketing tool alright now let's talk about facebook messenger facebook messenger gives you the ability to message people directly much like a text or sms but done directly through the facebook platform just like with the going live feature well you can do this through your personal page or through your business page there are some advantages to using your business page being that you can incorporate more software like a chat bot which can actually do some initial filtering and some initial heavy lifting of the conversation to sort and to segment and to guide people where they need to go there's also now the ability to message your instagram friends through facebook messenger because facebook owns instagram but we'll talk about that later too and by later i mean in just a minute the cool thing about messenger though isn't just the accessibility and the ability to message friends and family and clients and customers and things like that but also all of the tools and the features and the kind of nifty things that it gives you you can of course send emojis and stickers and gifs but you can also send audio messages as well as my personal favorite video messages most importantly though is to really put yourself in your customers or in your client's shoes being empathetic to the way that they want to communicate with you and with your business and a lot of people prefer messenger all right it's time to talk about facebook groups facebook groups are an incredibly powerful feature that facebook gives you to build a community of like-minded individuals around a certain topic or interest or business and there are facebook groups out there for pretty much everything you can think of like literally pretty much everything there's even a facebook group out there of people who all pretend to be ants in an ant colony and before you write this off as just a weird corner of the internet this facebook group of ant impersonators has nearly two million people now when it comes to marketing with facebook groups you have three different option one is a free facebook group the strategy behind creating your own free facebook group is essentially you create a group you don't charge anything for people to join and you use it to generate leads and foster connection and build engagement and rapport with members of your group free facebook groups can work amazingly well but they're very niche and market and industry specific so you want to be careful to make sure that your business best aligns with offering a free facebook group plus they take a ton of time and energy and careful strategy and planning to really make sure that they're working to the way they should you can't just toss up a free facebook group add a couple people in there and expect it to grow your business this is why i consider a free facebook group more of an intermediate strategy the next option is a paid facebook group now by paid facebook group i don't mean that you're paying facebook to have a group rather your members or your clients or your customers are paying you and as a benefit they get access to a group you can use this as a standalone membership community or you can use it as a value add to your current products or services the content strategy inside of a paid group is obviously quite different than that inside of a free group because people paid to be in there so it better be good the third option is other people's facebook groups and this is by far my least favorite strategy of all in fact i'd even go so far as to say i genuinely dislike this strategy now it did used to work quite a few years ago when facebook groups were still relatively new and not every single person had tried and spammed and really sleazed their way out of this strategy there's an expression that marketers ruin everything and it's kind of true because as soon as something works everybody does it and then it stops working well going into other people's facebook groups providing value bombs which were essentially just spammy sleazy salesy type posts and then trying to get people to direct message you to siphon off from the group again used to be an effective strategy but now just looks spammy and sleazy and salesy and people know what's going on so if anyone tells you that a great marketing strategy today is simply to sign up for everybody's free groups and then leave a ton of valuable comments or helpful posts and then slowly start siphoning off members for your own that's bad advice it makes you look salesy it makes you look sleazy and it makes you look needy none of which are good for business on the other hand if you genuinely care about the group about the business about the topic about the people inside then by all means create valuable content engage and respond be helpful and be useful but don't make this your primary marketing tool as a way to grow your business let any business boosting or networking or relationships that come from it be a nice secondary byproduct alright it's time to talk about facebook ads facebook ads are probably one of my favorite parts and favorite tools that to promote your business and one i've been using for the past decade but it wasn't till around 2013 where retargeting ads really came out that things really got effective anyway facebook ads even still to this day are still one of the most cost effective and strategic marketing uses available to you but what makes facebook ads so special isn't just the fact that they're giving you access to facebook's massive audience database but rather the targeting and the placements and the creative capabilities that you have to create really high converting ads facebook ads are great and you should absolutely be looking at them as a part of your marketing strategy however like all advertising they're not a magic bullet rather advertising facebook ads in this case are an accelerator meaning if you have a good and a good offer clear messaging an ideal target market that's really clearly defined well facebook ads are going to enable you to accelerate your business and amplify the results on the other hand if you have a questionable product or service or an unproven offer that just isn't converting well facebook ads are only going to make it fail faster this is why the key or the secret if you will to creating high converting facebook ads always comes back to the basics always comes back to strategy first you need to clearly identify who exactly it is that you're trying to reach their demographic details like what's their age and their gender and their income and their occupation their geographic details like what city or state or province or country they live in and most importantly at least when it comes to facebook what are their psychographic details like their values and their attitudes and their lifestyles what other pages do they like what other interests do they have what other groups are they a part of then you need to dive even deeper and try to figure out your markets biggest pains and problems and fears and frustrations so you can craft effective ad messaging and effective ad copy that speaks directly to these pains it's only then that you get to decide where you want your facebook ad to appear and what you want it to look like admittedly it's kind of complicated stuff but learning it and getting it right is an absolute game changer for your business alright now let's move on to some of the lesser lesser-known facebook marketing tools which while aren't necessarily huge right now they could be in the future so they're worth learning about paying attention to the first of which is facebook watch facebook watch is a feature that you may or may not have even heard of facebook watch is kind of like facebook's version of youtube but without the cool search features and only available to some people but it's also kind of like netflix cause it has its own original shows but it's also still on facebook so it's kind of like facebook basically facebook watch is still kind of hard to categorize regardless it's worth paying attention to because anything facebook does is worth paying attention to after all it's hard to say when they're going to open up access to more creators and what kind of reach and what kind of exposure they're going to permit other businesses to have but at least for now unless you're a massive business with a multi-million dollar marketing budget it's probably best just to be aware of it but then leave it alone next up facebook portal facebook portal is facebook's version of a smart video conference device essentially it lets you live video chat with your facebook friends does have some other cool features though like letting you listen to music or check your front door or look through your photos from a business perspective however it's tough to say how or when this will be fully incorporated that said it does let you do video calls from messenger or whatsapp so you could use it to connect with your clients or your customers and you can use portal's camera to go live so if you want to do a facebook live you've got that option what's cool though and what's more interesting is facebook portal's use of ar or augmented reality which gives you some pretty cool and pretty interesting features which right now are available on the portal but may soon be incorporated into other facebook products and speaking of ar augmented reality let's take a look at vr virtual reality and facebook's move into that world with oculus facebook acquired oculus which produces virtual reality headsets back in 2014 for 2.3 billion dollars so clearly they believe in the future of virtual reality that said we're still a long way away from virtual reality vr becoming a part of our everyday lives i mean just think about how many people you know that spend at least an hour a day using virtual reality technology i'm willing to bet not many maybe not maybe one but that doesn't mean that it's not going to become a more dominant and more relevant technology in the future so again it's worth knowing about and paying attention to for now though unless you've got that multi-million dollar marketing budget again probably worth paying attention to and being aware of but putting it on the back burner alright so up to this point we've covered the big ones the products and services that facebook has to offer that you can use to craft the perfect facebook marketing strategy but we're not quite done yet because there's still a couple more platforms you need to be aware of if you truly want to dominate the facebook platform and here's the deal we've covered a lot so far but facebook has over 40 different products and services crazy eh but i really want to make this clear you do not and should not use them all rather you want to be careful and strategic and highly selective about the tools about the products about the services that best align with you your business your customers and your goal use the best ignore the rest sounds like a tagline so with that said here's a couple more facebook services that i really want to draw to the front of your mind to make sure you're paying attention to you're probably already familiar with them but it's important to understand that they fall under the facebook umbrella the first off is instagram from facebook yes facebook owns instagram meaning if you want to run an instagram ad you need to do it through the facebook ads manager plus many of the algorithm changes we've seen with facebook well they largely apply to instagram as well yes they're different platforms and they have a different vibe and style and aesthetic but a lot of the algorithm and math and logic behind it a lot of it's the same the key though is with over 1 billion users instagram is an amazing way to reach a slightly younger demographic next up is whatsapp also from facebook now there's a lot of similarities between facebook messenger and whatsapp like a lot both are owned by facebook both allow you to chat with friends but the biggest difference is that facebook messenger is more closely aligned with your facebook profile whereas whatsapp is more closely aligned with your phone and the contacts in alright so now that you've got a good handle on facebook marketing the next thing you're going to want to do is check out the video i have linked up right here on instagram marketing so make sure to check that out now and i'll see in the next episode the way that i like to think about it is feed real good and stories real time meaning that you want to make sure that you've curated and created your absolute best content in your feed so that you're really portraying your best brand image possible putting your best you

  Top Comments:
  1. @reln72 [12 likes]: This video is 4 years old. Misleading title in 2025. So much has changed in the last 4 years. Put out a new video instead of using an old one with an updated title otherwise you lose credibility.
  2. @JoshuaKingal [1 likes]: I might like this later. By later, I mean in the next minute 😅😊...cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
  3. @trevindenney [1 likes]: Adam, thanks for cutting through the noise and providing a straightforward guide to Facebook marketing in 2024! I appreciate the actionable strategies I can implement right away.
  4. @Dagmar-m9i [1 likes]: Adam, your ability to distill complex strategies into actionable steps is seriously impressive. Thanks for providing such a clear roadmap for navigating Facebook marketing in 2024!
  5. @micielastraub [1 likes]: Great overview, Adam! Really appreciate the actionable insights and how you simplified the complexities of Facebook marketing for 2024. Subscribed and looking forward to more valuable content!
  6. @Dierdre-f5v [1 likes]: Adam, this breakdown is incredibly helpful in navigating the evolving Facebook landscape. Thanks for keeping the content concise and actionable for 2024!
  7. @samsepehri8601: strategy 2026 but uploaded 5 years ago? facebook has changed and you are recycling old videos.
  8. @Madimads27: why is this video titled 2025 but was posted in 2021?? Things have changed since then. good job getting the views though I guess....
  9. @josepthomas: Hi Adam.. What tool do you use to exit your videos
  10. @MrSanguru: Took me 9 minutes to know this is not for me! Good-bye!
  11. @humfried-f4s: Adam, your explanations are so clear and actionable – a real game-changer for anyone trying to keep up with Facebook's ever-changing landscape! Feeling much more prepared to tackle my 2024 strategy now.
  12. @corissande-l7j: Adam, you've really cracked the code on making Facebook marketing accessible. The actionable tips and focus on 2024's landscape make this video a must-watch for anyone serious about their Facebook strategy!
  13. @eliel-g5x: Adam, thanks for the clear and actionable strategies - feeling much more confident about tackling Facebook marketing this year! The focus on practical steps is exactly what I needed.
  14. @KPDHAnimation: This video looks like a goldmine for anyone looking to master Facebook marketing for 2024! It's amazing how these strategies can elevate you from a beginner to an expert in just one go. I'm really curious about the new tools and tactics that are highlighted. With Facebook constantly evolving, it's crucial to stay updated, and this video seems like the perfect way to do that. Can't wait to learn how to optimize ads and perhaps even discover some secrets that aren't widely talked about yet! Anyone else excited to implement these strategies?
  15. @tsalishapiro: Straight to the point and packed with value, thanks for cutting through the noise and delivering a clear 2024 Facebook strategy! Definitely sharing this with my team.
  16. @1ProsperousPlanet: Can you stop moving your head so much. It is so fake and distracting.
Are you smoking crack? Why you tweaking lile that.
  17. @RebeccaPerkins-s6u: Interesting.
  18. @AngeloBeadles: Thank you.
  19. @RenskeSarkis: Interesting.
  20. @victoriannadozie391: Very helpful

- Design Facebook Ad Graphics That Don't Get Ignored (7-Figure Ad Designs): Kind: captions Language: en-GB - In this video, you're going to learn how to create great Facebook and Instagram ad graphics that actually work. The job of your ad graphic is to get people to pay attention, to stop scrolling, and to actually read your ad. But the vast majority of ad graphics actually just get ignored. This is due to a phenomenon known as banner blindness. Now, our brains can only take in and process so much information at a time. So in order to manage all of the different things coming in at us at once, our brains filter out what's not important and focus on what actually matters to us. And that means that we train our brains to actually subconsciously detect what an ad looks like, and then automatically ignore it. What's interesting in the Facebook and Instagram newsfeeds are generally updates from friends, and posts on what friends and family and acquaintances are doing, possibly even news articles. But what isn't interesting is the ad, and that's why we've trained ourselves to filter them out. So as an advertiser, how do you overcome banner blindness and create graphics that actually grab attention? Well, that's exactly what we're going to talk about now. First of all, we need to understand how our brains actually do this filtering. So on the web, this is where banner blindness, or that term came from. We automatically filter out based on placement. So we kind of learned that banners normally appear at the top of websites or in the right rail on websites, and so we tend to ignore those places. Studies have been done that show that our eyes naturally track to the center of the webpage and ignore what's at the top and on the side of websites, simply because we've learned over time that the ads generally live in those places. On the Google search results page, studies have also shown that we tend to naturally just ignore the first couple of results because we know that those results are generally ads. And so we skip down a little bit and go straight to the organic search results. But with Facebook and Instagram ads, we can't really do that, the ads live directly in the newsfeed, so there must be another way, something else that our brains are doing in order to identify and filter out those ads. One of the ways we do this is by identifying patterns within designs. As advertisers, we're all guilty of this, we look at our own newsfeed and we look at the ads that are there, or we go and look at our competitors and see what they're doing, and we tend to use a similar design style and design patterns to them. And now logically, that makes sense because we see what our competitors are doing and we try to do something similar except go one better. But what that does is that creates a situation where if everybody's doing that, then everybody's ads end up essentially looking the same, and that rapidly accelerates the onset of banner blindness within our target audience. Because it's very easy for them to learn what an ad looks like in your industry, and then start to filter that out. Maybe you've noticed ads that have a person with a smiling face, they might even be pointing, with some nice text next to them on the ad. That's a very common design style, but because it's used so heavily now, often it's not as effective. This same principle applies to stock images and stock photos. Now, there's nothing necessarily wrong with using stock photos, but it's very important to select ones that don't naturally get ignored and filtered out. If you think about the Facebook newsfeed, it's full of organic native photos that people have often taken on iPhones and just post it up on Facebook and Instagram. Now these aren't polished or professional looking. However, if you contrast that to a lot of the stock images that you see which are extremely polished, extremely professional looking, they've got posed actors and actresses in those photos, it's very easy to identify a lot of stock images because of the general style they use. And because of that, if you choose a stereotypical stock image or photo, it's very easy for users to identify that and filter it out. The other common way that people can identify an ad in the feed is the format. If you look at Instagram, for example, all of the photos are pretty much square, or they're in a portrait type format, slightly taller. Now, the default for ads for a very long time was a landscape type image. And so when Instagram ads rolled around, a lot of Facebook advertisers simply kept using their landscape images. Now, that meant it was very easy to identify an ad in the Instagram newsfeed because they were the ones that were rectangular. Every other image in the feed was square or portrait. The same thing happens today still, if you scroll through your newsfeed and look at the organic photos that you see, you will notice that most of them are square or maybe a portrait type, there are a few that are landscape, but if you look at the ones that are used for ads they are very specific dimensions, and so it's still very easy to identify an ad that uses the old landscape format for their ad graphics. And finally, something else that people often get wrong with their ads that make it very easy to identify them as an ad is they use these overly bright, loud graphics. And the reason for that is they think they're doing the right thing and trying to make something that stands out, and it does, however, it stands out in the wrong way, it stands out and screams, "Hey, I'm an ad, ignore me." is because it doesn't look anything like what somebody would post organically. So the key is to stand out, but doing it in the right way, and not standing out as an ad, but standing out as something that grabs attention and doesn't instantly flag itself as an ad. And now we're going to get into the nitty-gritty details of how to do that. The key to standing out in a good way is to create graphics that contain elements that are uniquely interesting and specific to your target audience. So you want things in there that don't just stand out for the sake of standing out because they're bright, or because they're loud, or because they're unusual, but you wanna put things in your graphics that are something that are particularly interesting For example, and this is a really simple one to start with, if you teach people how to become public speakers, putting a photo of you or somebody else on stage speaking in public is a great way to do this. Most people are going to skip over it if they're not in your target audience, which is fine, but for somebody who's actively looking to become a better public speaker or to learn how to get on stages, if they see a photo in their feed of somebody speaking on stage, it's going to grab their attention. Now, have a quick look at this example. This is somebody speaking on stage, and it doesn't look like a professional or a stock photo, it's literally taken on an iPhone, and that's what makes it so effective. It's a combination of something that's particularly of interest to your target audience, and it blends in as an organic looking photo, it's not something that looks like an ad when you immediately see it. Now, let's look at another example. Now this image actually shows a screenshot of the Upwork platform, and only people who have actually been on there and tried to find work on Upwork will recognize this image. So for anybody who's outside of this person's target audience means nothing, but for people within the target audience, this is not something they see everyday on Facebook. So when they see this, because it's so recognizable to them, And this really simple use of highlighting and texts on here, it then takes them that next step further and grabs a little bit more interest. So they stop because they see this screen, and they think, "Hey, I recognize that, what is that?" And then they see this little bit of text on the photo, and then they think, "Ah, okay, this is something that I'm definitely interested in," and they keep reading. So that's a great example of how you can use these type of visual elements in your ads that are very specific to only your target audience. And one more example that we've got here is this chart. So somebody who uses Shopify is going to recognize this backend screenshot of a sales chart inside Shopify, and they're going to stop and probably have a read. And now they've actually put some texts at the top of the graphic as well to sort of continue that journey, to get them to stop with the image, read the text at the top, and then hopefully read the ad copy. So again, only people who are in this target audience are going to stop and pay attention to this image, and that's exactly what you want. All right, next up, you can use visuals to represent a particular challenge or struggle that your audience experiences and do it in an exaggerated way. Have a look at this example from scalable.co, they're using a really exaggerated visual, which is quite interesting, and then they're putting the text at the top to filter out and make sure that it appeals only to their specific audience. The text also gives that context as to why that visual is relevant to what they're talking about. So this is something that is attention grabbing because it's unusual, and then they use the text on the image as well to make it contextual and relevant to that specific audience. So think about how you could do something like this for your own ad graphics. All right, next up, a great way to create really effective ad graphics is to catch on to current trends. So have a look at what's happening organically inside the Facebook and Instagram newsfeeds, and also outside on other platforms, and try to figure out what's trending now in terms of visuals, and use that in your ads. A great example of this is memes. So memes have taken off in popularity and by recognizing that and bringing that to ads, a lot of people have done really well in recent times. So they caught onto the fact that memes were trending on platforms like Reddit, they were starting to pop up everywhere on Facebook as well, and then people thought, "Hey, I'll bring this to my ads." And if you can find memes that are even more specific to your industry as well and catch trends that are happening in your industry and attach memes to them, it's a very good way to create highly effective ads. And another way to think about this is catching on to trends within a trend. So memes are a broad trend, but you'll see certain memes that then trend as well, so how can you take those popular memes, turn it into one for yourself, your product, your service, and then create an ad based around that. So it's surfing that trend within the trend. Another great way to come up with really effective Facebook is to look at what's happening and what's working on other platforms. One of my favorite ones at the moment is actually YouTube. So YouTube thumbnails are a great way to get inspiration for your ad graphics because YouTube creators rely so heavily on thumbnails that they have become very, very good at creating thumbnails that people actually pay attention to and click. So have a look at what your competitors are doing on YouTube, what others in your industry are doing with their YouTube thumbnails, for example, and see if you can bring that across to your Facebook and Instagram ad graphics. Think about other platforms as well, have a look at places like Instagram organic, okay? Instagram is very, very visual, have a look at what people are doing organically on Instagram, and see if you can bring that across. Think about other platforms, maybe Reddit, maybe others, where visuals are used heavily, see trends that are emerging there and see if you can bring them across to Facebook. Another thing I'll say here is don't limit yourself to images. I look at TikTok and Instagram, and there's a trend at the moment where people will sort of look one way and they'll do something visual and suddenly, boom, there's a big transformation, okay? That's a video trend, but I think how can I apply that to my images? Well, I could do a carousel with two different images where the first one is the before state and then you swipe across, and the second image shows the after state. Here's a quick example for you. Let's think about if you're somebody who teaches how to get organized, you could show a before state image of a messy office, things everywhere, and then they swipe left and look at the second image in the carousel, and the office is tidy and perfectly organized. That is how you could take that video trend, adapt it to images, and then use it on Facebook and Instagram. So the key here is to spend time on other platforms, find trends, see what's working to your Facebook and Instagram ads. Now, the next one, we touched on this earlier is to use native formats. For Facebook and Instagram, I recommend using square images or the portrait type which is, I think it's 1080 by 1350 on Instagram, because that tends to be what people are starting to use organically now. So make sure when you're creating ads, follow these tips that I gave you earlier, and when you do it, use these organic native looking formats so that you don't instantly get filtered out no matter what you do as being an ad simply because of the format that you used. Now, if you've enjoyed this video, make sure you give it a thumbs up. If you want to hear more from me, hit subscribe and hit that little bell, you'll get notified whenever I release a new video. And I'm putting a video up here now that teach you how to create better headlines so that once you use these tips to create better ad images, then you can go and create a better headlines to get them to keep reading your ad, and hopefully click and take action. Until next time, thanks for watching, talk to you soon. (light music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreeDumbDaily [7 likes]: I’m brushing up on FB advertising tips for a new business. This is probably the 35th ish video I’ve seen & this is by far the most helpful, informative and original ideas. 
Great information, tips & video brother! Thanks so much!
  2. @traceyroseTV [3 likes]: Even though some trends have changed, the principles in this video are still valid 3 years later … thank you! 👍🏼
  3. @Priyankawithshorts [2 likes]: I discovered your channel this year, and it has been the best thing I have found. Continuously well-researched, organized and explained contents.
  4. @kirish96fakz67 [1 likes]: what's a good software to design the images?
  5. @zonx. [1 likes]: 8:53 can I use pre made memes in ads? how to not get copywrited or where to get them
  6. @alexbilici1404 [1 likes]: Brilliant
  7. @WeaselFSK: this didnt age well....
  8. @wahunsenacawh-f3d: This video is a goldmine of actionable advice! I'm excited to implement these strategies and create more engaging, high-converting ad creatives. Thanks for sharing your expertise and inspiring us to think outside the box.
  9. @JessicaParker-w3g: It was very instructive
  10. @ezamyazmy: Good tips
  11. @AdPrimus: I get it, but do you do it for luxury stuff? You can’t create low quality ads since it will hurt the brand
  12. @elhaknairb: Good content... Good advice!
Going to follow!
Thanks
  13. @o.h.w-ok: Great tips thanks!!!
  14. @Ion_11010: Brilliant. Thank you for staring
  15. @Hemant.Chauhan: This is really great video. I was looking just that and it popped up. Very helpful and thoughtful ideas shared. Thanks a lot👍👍
  16. @BlockSeeker2100: This is what i was Searching For!!! really inspiring
  17. @tannerkarschnik3506: What apps or softwares are good to create ads?
  18. @janacoach: Wonderful vidéo. You are great
  19. @hedn: U R Genius
  20. @helstonoldboy: Any tips on what to do if you have to work around compliance?  e.g. if you're in weight loss

- How To Design A Facebook Ad Post In Canva For Real Estate (Easiest Way) (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. If you've ever wondered how to design an eye-catching Facebook ad post for your real estate business using Canva, you are in the right place. By the end of this tutorial, you'll know exactly how to create a professionallook Facebook ad that's sure to grab attention and attract clients, even if you've never used Canva before. Let's jump right in and get started. The first thing you want to do is head over to Canva. If you haven't already, log into your account or sign up. It's free and super quick. Once you're in, look for the create a design button. You'll usually find this right at the top of the homepage. Give it a click and in the search bar that appears, type Facebook ad. This is the fastest way to make sure you're working with the perfect size and format for Facebook's requirements. No need to worry about dimensions or graphic ratios getting in the way of your creativity. Once you search for Facebook ad, you'll see a whole collection of pre-made templates pop up. Canvas templates can save you a ton of time. And since today's focus is on how to make the design process easy and effective, we'll pick a ready-made template for our ad. Take a moment to scroll through the options. Canva offers a wide variety specifically tailored to real estate. Think bold images, modern fonts, and layouts designed to stop the scroll. If you find one that fits your brand's vibe or the message you want to send, go ahead and click it. If you spot a design you like, but the colors or text aren't quite right, don't worry. You can tweak just about everything. Now, let's talk about customization. This is where you get to make the template your own. Click on any part of the design text boxes, images, buttons, and you'll see editing options pop up. For example, you can replace the placeholder image with a striking photo of one of your properties. Just drag and drop your photo into the frame. Doing this not only adds authenticity, but also helps your audience instantly connect with what you're offering. Next, focus on your headline. Think about what's most important for your buyers or sellers to know. Is it a special promotion, a new listing, or maybe a unique selling point about the property? Update the headline text so it's clear and engaging. Don't forget to double check for typos. Those little details really matter. You can also change the colors to match your brand. Just click on the elements you want to adjust and pick your preferred shades. If your real estate business uses specific colors, maybe a certain blue or a crisp white, making these changes helps your ad look polished and consistent. Remember, you're aiming for an ad that someone will spot in their feed and instantly trust. As you refine your design, feel free to add or remove elements. Maybe you want to insert your logo, social media handles, or even a call to action like book a tour today. Don't be afraid to experiment a little. Canva makes it easy to undo changes, so try different combinations until you're happy with how it looks. Once you're satisfied, hit the download button at the top right. Save your ad in the recommended format, usually PNG or JPEG for Facebook, and you're ready to upload it directly to your Facebook business page. Thanks for watching. If this walkthrough helped you design your next real estate Facebook ad in Canva, give the video a thumbs up and leave a comment below. I love hearing your questions and seeing what you create. And if you want more easy to follow tutorials like this, don't forget to subscribe and ring the bell. See you in the next video.

- Facebook Ads Tutorial Tagalog - 2024 FREE COURSE for Beginners #facebookads: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the best free Tagalog tutorial you will find here on YouTube about Facebook ads it doesn't matter if you are a beginner or an expert and this video is we will talk here exactly how to start Facebook ads step by step before we start if you don't know me yet My name is J Gregorio I used to be an OFW I tried multiple businesses when I returned to the Philippines way back in 2016 now what I do is I am very passionate about helping our fellow countrymen how we can help them how to start and grow their businesses So who are the ones who should use Facebook ads Okay let's talk about that number two how to create facebook ads manager number three step by step setting up your Facebook ads number four how to read data and set up your custom metrics number five best ads you should be using for your business number six how not to get restricted on Facebook ads number seven is how to run ads profitable and make money and before we get started Who am I Why do you need to listen over the last 8 years I've spent tens of million pesos on running paid ads in multiple businesses and I have learned some things that have really helped me personally and my goal is to share with you how you can apply it, the things that I made mistakes are not for you to take note Facebook ads are not equal So you still need to learn you still need to text them down to the business you have So here in our training Who are the people who can use Facebook ads number one is those small business owners number two if you have an e-commerce business for SAO Facebook ads number three if you are in the real estate the best Facebook ads for SAO if you are a service provider offering a service Facebook ads number five if you are a marketing agency you have an agency for SAO Facebook ads number six if you're selling digital products um training courses ebooks and so on for SAO on Facebook and and many more so we will talk first is how to create facebook ads manager all you need to do is to create a personal ads manager so you don't need to rate because it automatically by the time you sign up for Facebook You have of personal ads manager so number two is a fan page or the Facebook page that is called so because the Facebook page is free you don't need to pay for it you can concentrate using if we have grounded Facebook ads now we will protest the power of Facebook ads based on statistics as of 2024 January ranked by the number of monthly active users so right now there are millions to guys just compute 3 billion Okay to have 3.1 billion monthly active users on Facebook So that's why you need to maximize Facebook ads for your business you log in to facebook.com Okay go to your Facebook account for the sake of our training I created a dummy account Just a while ago so I can really show you that SAO is fresh No Ong date data We haven't been to a concert yet so you don't need to request it from Facebook So all you need to do is just set it up properly assign the payment method connect your page or create a pixel if you have a website and so on so this is your facebook.com That's your profile Okay so You'll see there's no profile picture yet, there's no data about this profile, but we can use it for the sake of our training so it's really fresh and there's no data at our checklist Is You need to create a fan page create a fan page type in facebook.com SL pages Okay Alright so you'll be here so all you need to do is enter your page name Okay I said earlier if you're in real estate if you have a marketing agency if you are a small business owners ah You need your page is you'll use it for your business okay if personal branding Use your page for your personal branding let's say if you have a page and then your page is marketing agency ah marketing let's say we'll just put marketing agency now What category so you need to resign also in the category so check here or you can research if you type real estate there real estate will appear that agency okay he has social media marketing agency advertising agency so you need to be connected down on your page So marketing agency then this bio is optional then create page so basic that's basic just click on create Page and done You can now add a profile picture so here you need to fill up this Uh this is the part to increase the credibility of your page if you have a website enter your website if you have a phone number Put your phone number support phone number there if you have an email put your email there address not exactly that you put the address block and so on Just put what building If you want to put the full address much better sip codes City and so on but we can Ong um um skip next then add a profile photo and cover photo Okay and then this one is optional you can skip click next Okay just turn on that click done and then automatically You have a fan page So it's just that fast so we didn't put images first and so on so That's it Okay so we're done creating the page now we're going to go to the ads manager How do you get to the ads manager coach J when it's your first time creating Facebook ads so do this go to facebook.com We're here now okay then just type in the ads manager okay facebook.com ads manager click enter Okay and then you will redirect here to this um settings and then You will see a pop up like this There So you will see here There is that pop up make sure you don't close it Don't skip it Okay so what's the ' terms and conditions you need to accept the policy Meta pocy So you just need to accept it Okay you don't need to read it It's up to you if you want to read it so click accept Okay thanks for accepting click done now so your ads manager is set up So next is what Facebook will say Is You need to add a payment method so you will be guided when you just land on Facebook ad so click on payment method Here we go and then you will redirect here to this part So make sure that your business if you are here in the Philippines put your business country Philippines currency Philippines Don't put US dollars so you won't have difficulty with conversion But whatever currency you have prepared you can put there Okay so time zone is also important so that your time zone is correct Manila click next and then you will see here there is a payment method before guys not available to new ad users or just new to using Facebook ads the options of paymaya and GCash and now it's fun is available to anyone hopefully it is also available when you create your Facebook ads so that you don't have to struggle anymore before we add a payment method here in the settings I have a tip before you add a payment method so pro tip to when adding payment method to Facebook ads number one use credit card over PayPal So why do you need a credit card over PayPal so as you can see here debit and PayPal are available So basically the only reason is when you use PayPal the credit card points and the cashbacks Okay so that tip you can check the ones that give the best or highest points here with us let's say one of the best points that gives here is the Um citybank okay I'm not sure what the others are but mine because I'm using Security Bank credit card or you can also use other credit cards just check and compare if you can apply for credit card and you will use it for facebook ads, apply to credit cards, companies that give big points, you can check Union Bank. I know they also give big points and now before you apply, make sure that this credit card company is the banks that are your credit card is allowed to use for online transactions. Basically, that's all you need to know if your credit card is allowed to be used for online transactions. Facebook ads are an online transaction if it is not available. You can request to verify with the banks if you can use it for Facebook ads. Number three, if your credit card is not working, maybe multiple times. You have already done it twice and your credit card is not accepted. I really suggest that you don't try again. Try to use the alternatives that you see on the screen. You can use paymaya. Okay, so paymaya. That's for sure. If they give cashback. You can use GCash. Prepaid. Not sure if it is available here because there are also Prepaid options. Let's check when you have added a payment method. You can also check because there are. Prepaid but important GCash and pay later are available Just in case you don't have the ability to apply for a credit card okay or you haven't been approved at least you have alternative options that you can use to pay for your Facebook ads So if if you're using GCash just click to click next and then ah You'll see it here in the part that ' is just magic that's it On the GCash website there it seems to be right just add funds Okay it seems like this is the Prepaid credit just try it maybe minimum Just put 100 try it try how much is the minimum You can start 100 200 500 and so on then um just proceed with the ad fun then to adjust or credit your Facebook ads and you can use it so Prepaid is the approach and it's fun when Prepaid because I have a lot of experience and with my students and friends ah They say it's better to use Prepaid because first Facebook is paid more ' it seems okay with him so next we will talk about the step by step of setting up your ads so step by step my share SAO How to run Facebook ads coach J alr so right now We are here in the actual ads and we have already successfully added your payment methods what is your preferred payment method that you will use in your Facebook ads So here in this part I will teach you how the ecosystem or system of Facebook ads works so it has three levels campaign objective and then the ad so later we will go through that So here there are multiple campaigns that you need to identify What campaign do you need to run in ads so here in this part I will show you guys here there is awareness Okay there is traffic here there is engagement here there are leads sales and so on so when awareness is your Goal He will give you brand awareness meaning the people who will see More people will see your ads but he did not print your website like that engagement people ah I would suggest those who like engineering Go for sales if you really want sales because others I'm making a mistake. I want to be able to do traffic engagement and so on. You can try that. Later on, when your ads are profitable. If you want sales, Facebook will give you good data. Go for sales. Okay. And then when you click here, just click on manual sales campaign. For the meantime, this is the part you use because this is used when you have a website and you have orders on your website. Okay. You have enough data. Then you will be able to see these options. Then there will be three levels. So level one is the campaign level. Level two is the ads set level. Level three is the add level. So here, there is no need to rename this. You can rename it. Later on, then what we will do here is in the Toto part. Just scroll down a little. You will see some options there. You can skip this ab test. If you want to do an ab test. Skip the advantage campaign budget. Just try it. When you know how Facebook ads work, then click next. Okay. So here in the part, let's set up the page I'm using. That's it. Facebook page I'm using my personal page KJ Gregorio Okay so what I showed you earlier on SAO is the demo when it was new Your account Your marketing agency so This is the actual page Okay so here in this part you choose your conversions okay because sales when sales You can use a website you can set but it requires the website if you don't have a website I suggest try messaging Okay it means people who send messages will inquire on your page okay when sending messages choose messaging apps alr That's all you need to set then here you'll notice you don't have a Pixel there because I have a Pixel but it's just an option So no need Okay conversion event This is also optional if you don't have a Pixel but if you're using a website you need to set a conversion event So in our example we're using send message then if you have an Instagram WhatsApp you can connect to that but you can skip it Don't worry the here by default maximize number of conversations means people most likely to confess message you lead them to go down to the website So he can also do it even if he goes through the send message but you need a Pixel Okay other goals ah it depends You can explore him You can try him but I highly recommend when you send a message choose this one number of conversations All right for the daily budget Okay there is a daily there is also a lifetime budget so let's prioritize the daily budget daily budget means This is what you can spend your ads on a daily budget It's not the default and it's sensed on your own minimum $1 but I really suggest if you have a budget test for 500 to 1,000 for testing Okay on the first day so you have a lot of data right away and you know if your ads are effective if you have enough budget if you are just testing with a low budget you can start for 100 to 200 per day so here we have a daily budget and schedule it I just turn it on I just turn it off ' click off to keep your ads running because you will monitor your ads once you publish your ads then budget scheduling when you click 'Guys here there will be options like this so here in the part ' I will suggest if you use it to use ah budget percentage So there is something called scaling in Facebook ads So you can use this to scrape suggestions Toto when you are new to Facebook and if you're a beginner Don't worry just uncheck this part You can use it later when you have data and you are ready to scale your ads I will show you SAO let's skip this I will show you SAO the lifetime budget here when you click on it and let's say ah rally and date is um 19 Okay then here you will set if it is 500 that's 3,500 500 A Day Right Okay good so here is the good thing here in scheduled ads then you are on a lifetime budget You will see that there are options here Run ads all the time you click on it you click on it then there will be options like this So the options that' are only available if you are using a lifetime budget take note and then schedule ads down there You can, but if your ads are on a daily budget and not scheduled, you can't use it. So it's okay if you send a message because first, when you're asleep, no one will inquire on your page. Maybe there's an organic one. Maybe someone will inquire but you'll miss 7 a.m. then you want until 9:00 or 9:30 or 10 PM, so this is okay. Okay, so just click on reset for that, then it'll come back, then this one will run from 6:30 or 7 and then until 10 PM at night, rallying. [Music] is audience targeting, so you have an idea what audience targeting is. Coach J has three levels, too. Okay, you can target demographics, you can target behaviors, and also you can target people's interests. So there are three levels that you can target. Some are targeting interest, others are behavior, others are demographics. Okay, so how can you find him? Coach J, so all you need to do is click on audience suggestions. Okay, click on this. Then you have ads Okay Don't switch it because this is the original options this is the new one you click on ' there then the options like this will appear so here you will see There is an age bracket so Depending on the age bracket you want to target if 25 to 60 you can set it there Then gender you can target only men and women it can be both Okay then here in detailed targeting this is what I was saying earlier SAO that there are three levels demographics interest and behavior So you can mix those three for the best combination for example in demographics if you are selling a product and then your Goal in demographics is those graduates or those in finance like that income but only us guys ha That's only us that is available Facebook knows the income and when it comes to parents you can target all parents if your offer is for parents you can check that and also you can also check this bracket here it's beautiful ' if you have a product you have services for parents who have children like this you can do something there Check that, Facebook ads are that powerful. Okay, in a relationship, you can target them. It depends on the status. Okay, engaged, married, single, and unspecified. Okay, so you can target singles here if your product is for singles. That's fine if you're engaged. It's also good in a relationship, especially during the love month, February. So, there are those who sell a lot of gifts online. So, you can target that. Then, there's what job, what industry, and so on. What can I suggest here? You can only sell one like so you can try and test it. So, for us, it's just parents. Then, here, we're at the level of interest. So, let's say, parents are our target. Then, your product is for parents who have young children. Let's say, those under 1 year old. Okay, let's say, you have a toy company. So, here, there's interest in toys. Baby toys. Because they're young, right? When they're a little older, you only see toys. So, now you can see the estimated audience size here, all the parents. because the child is fond of it. There was no Facebook yet. So the parents were the ones who knew if he was fond of toys for children. Okay. That's it. So 7.1 million. So then we'll add an additional combination to the behavior. Put this in. Tips to engage shoppers here. What is engage shopper? Facebook says here. Okay. Um. People who have clicked on the call to action button. Shop now in the past week. So last week, last week, there were 778 million people worldwide. So when we added it, it was worldwide. When we added it, let 's check what will be added. Okay. It's 23 now. So it seems to have increased by 12 to 13 million. Okay. So there's a lot of it. Okay. This kind of audience, guys, on Facebook. Don't worry, even though the audience is high, it's much better. So Facebook has enough data to learn and to optimize your Facebook ads. Okay. Let's be clear here now. Here's the part where we make sure the location is properly. set if only Philippines is there But you can also target a specific City or You can also target it for what it is Like for example Metro Manila is also available so it is not the whole Philippines so your only target here is metro manila you can target Calabarzon Central Luzon bayas and so on so Metro Manila this is that example you are only selling in Metro Manila So you can target that then here in this part you will see um there is a placement here I highly recommend that Don't touch it Ong go there is a placement of advantage plus placements recommended by Facebook So Let Facebook find the best placement of your ads at the beginning and then Later on you can do manual placement when you have enough data to run ads Okay if your ads are successful for the meantime Okay At the beginning for beginners even me even before my ads I always use advantage plus placement recommended by Facebook So let's click next and then you will assign your page now just disregard my page coach J because it is already listed so here is add level creative so here is the creating ads so here in this part I have a tip to share SAO when rallying videos number three is carousel and more there are many more options but this is what I would suggest if you are a beginner first use the image videos and carousel so things won't be complicated for you ' is the fastest is Run um ads using image because you won't have to put effort on creating video so here in this part you will see create an ad add media okay and add video okay so just click on that then upload an image so let's find a picture of toys Okay baby toys now before running your ads I have something to share SAO additional resources that you can use when it comes to creating An effective ad copy so Go to swife CO Okay swife doco I will put the link below the video ' Then you can search here for the niches all niches nothing has come up but this here um best also This is related to kids let's click on views wife Okay so when creating creative earlier what was seen you didn't download the picture and images we downloaded, it's just so basic, nothing, nothing, nothing, Okay, but he's a cat, but he's not a date for me, so now here on the switch, he'll give you a creative idea, how to create effective ads, okay, creative ads, so you'll notice it, explained in this part, why is it important when the child's face is, oh, gaping, if not gaping, you need to smile, you can see the teeth, because that's the personality of children ? So now that attracts attention, so he said, so this photo of an excited girl is a big asset for this ad, excited, there seems to be excitement in your ads, so that's additional, so that your ads are more effective, then here, calling all 3-year-olds, okay, so very specific, so calling all 3-year-old kids, so if you put her in our toys, put her in Okay, for earlier, for 1 to 2-year- olds, you can put her in here, put something like that, like you see on the screen, right, then the kids in our sample are smiling, okay, but don't just download it. Google and use pictures of toys Okay I highly recommend Use resources or tools or invest when it comes to photoshoot If it's your own product because maybe that kid is a famous artist we don't know so use your own invest on Creative even if it's a picture of a cellphone it's okay just be creative so this depends on what you offer because this offer is I Believe activities for kids There it seems like an activity for kids then it's listed here Your schedule and invitation and so on This is okay but if you notice Too much text Um it's still okay but you can try um minimal text Okay maybe it's just rs bus so remove this then just put ' in the add copy So after this rsbp then call email no need address no need because you can put that in the add copy because the best practices is at least below 10% of the text down in your ads that have your photo as much as possible um There's no text eh But if you want to put text just minimal Okay ah just limit it to 10% there in the picture okay like This is okay now rsbp Then this is just my ik-ik then this kids alr so that's the tip on creating Facebook ads so Let's see him now here in this part we'll go back This is this what's that then we'll download him we can't download this this Sorry So um I'll screenshot this Okay That's it then I'll go with this Alright I'll screenshot him Then I'll just save him then that's what we'll put in the ads I'll show you in the example but in our example because it's a toy for kids but just so you can see what he looks like So let's put it in too So what I'm going to do is I'll add an image right now we'll use an image video because It Takes Time to create a video but you can use a video and pro tip on on creating an ad video is you just limit him for 30 seconds so 1 minute is the best length to ah optimize your ads because people don't want too many pins to be viewed let's just upload Okay and then Okay I've uploaded the image Here we go Okay so let's start with our example there in the swipe IO click next just then click done alr you click just one after another That's why you'll notice the attention grabbing of this image here is so hooking it gets attention because the personality of this child is so cheerful ' is he enticing he's gaping ' is Happy Girl That's why this will attract the parents or dads too but most of the moms will be attracted here because the girls in the model and the kids are happy so 3 year old ' is So now if you're going to change your ads So let's adjust back to the creative guys here You'll change the parents because here in the options to Guys there are options here like parents with this ah This is so powerful 3 to 5 year old and let's just assume that the ad we're doing is for the 3 to 5 year old activity where that would happen if if you're a tutor teacher you make the activity cute then Ira Run your ads that's 3 to 5 year old Just change what then apply that okay this tip is very catchy for me because you'll notice here these are the little ones When You see that picture of the child, okay, your ads are still effective, even if they are small. How about when you advance? Let's preview it, it's even better. So now, guys, how do you create effective ad copy? Here's the example. That's all. What was shown here is the picture. Now, what should I write there? Coach J. How is effective ad copy? So I'll give you another tip again. So I'm using a tool called Gravity right. If you're using open AI chat, it works. But if you want to be more direct to the point, the add copy will be given to IO and you won't have any trouble. I highly recommend trying Gravity right. So let 's go to Gravity right. Okay, this is great. There are many tips. So it's free. Don't worry. Okay, I'll put my link below the video. That's my affiliate link. If you upgrade, okay, that's my affiliate link. I only have a very small commission that you can get from them. So let's log in. Okay, we're logged in. Then here on the screen, you can see the many options. There are many tools available online. Um, but this is the best. user friendly and easy to use that I have used eh There are many options but I highly highly recommend it so here in this part what you will do is go here to the advertising tool Okay Then click on Ong Facebook ad copy Okay Here we go Describe your product Okay Describe the product What is your product our product Okay so it seems like a good example to um What are activities for kids Where are we um painting 3 to 5 years old Okay painting activities for kids 3 to 5 years old so here let's just do two two add copy and options and so on so click on create content cck you need and then here in this part you will have options so direct to the point okay Uh it's more okay with me This Alright number two ad set then we will put it here in the primary text which is that's what will come out at the top There then creative painting activities for kids this is what I will use headline headline in the headline here Can you add multiple headline to test so This is okay also um description Ah we will use this then we will put it here in the description Okay and then let's Preview again so as you can see here it's more compelling now unlike before that he didn't have ah primary text he didn't have a headline and he didn't have a description ' ba So this is optimized ads that there are quick animations and so on Facebook that's what's doing that because earlier when we uploaded the photo we clicked on all optimize the one that was enabled by default just click that done so he's beautiful he's getting attention here for Instagram moving Instagram stories moving also zoom in Zoom out stories here then here for the news speed he's beautiful ' ba then ah wet Your creative painting activities for kids Calling all 3 to 5 year old kids ' ba So There he is Here we go then here in the part that' send message because for reservation ' ba send message when you send a message then here it is highly recommended that you edit it ' okay karam Because it seems they've already thought about this this is the part I'm going to suggest be conversational be friendly here in the welcome image in the greetings because greetings to Please let us know how can we help Change the way you communicate to be conversational your audience So for the frequently asked questions so I don't recommend this so what I do here is I just click Ong no okay or you can assign a button or quick reply so let's say no so we don't have to set anything Then this is it so now you're here to assume the person you're talking to so it's good to target them there by interest um all parents that are female only ' so you can assign it here in the text Hi momshie Okay momshie J or Moms name ' So it's better to personalize the communication ' so do you have kids Okay um Do you have kids that are 3 to 5 years old and Do you want to Janine in this area or location and this is the time So it seems conversational but you're asking the person you're talking to because that's the first message greeting but ask Of course I'll right you first so I won't save it but that's the Pro tip I can give SAO When you use a greeting Okay edit it okay I'll repeat edit it you can't do that what's just the default this is just Please let us know how can we help Okay, but most advertisers are like that because they don't edit it anymore so so they can receive it so you can be unique so especially when you send a message So that's my tip on creating so when you just click on the carousel then assume it's the best one video the best two then you just test the carousel Alright so when that's Okay of course publish your ads clear also before you publish your ads I have some additional tips that I can share SAO number one is you need to position your offer and if you're familiar with USP Okay This is not UST USP USP is unique selling proposition Okay What is unique about your offer okay your offer Why is it unique isn't it like this is it not like this is it just for us the second is you need to educate and entertain Okay Pro tip to don't hard sell doun in your ads Don't force people to buy from your ads okay Pro tip tip educate or entertain Okay so at least won't your ads be more powerful like the one we showed earlier for example here if you are going to make a video make sure that in the video you make it a 30 second to 1 minute video is you are educating the momshies and the parents ' what about here in your offer this activity of the kids example You can shoot a video in actual do the activities that you did and then Why Why should you shoot a video then onc parents Why is it important that we engage the kids especially when they are 3 to 5 years old or just kids so that first of all their confidence can be developed and then their Um their their their their their their their their their not sure what English there I only know Tagalog but that's what they will interact with other people and also also improve their skills when it comes to painting Maybe they have a talent Hidden Talent they are still young when you discover that it seems like my kids are good at drawing because um 4 f and He was only 4 years old and he's already drawing now he's 6 years old So he's better at drawing than me to be honest Okay he can draw more God sheila drawings and so on 6 years old ' ba So those are the ideas so you need to educate okay and also use entertainment too but you don't need to make it long down in the video Make It simple 30 seconds so 1 minute video is the best length for down in your video ads next Pro tip is Have a great offer so there's something called an irresistible offer So you're over there activities for painting or creative painting activities for kids is an irresistible meaning What will parents gain when they bring their children here in the activity that you have Of course besides the children will learn and What else so let's say this is what that activity is Uh you have an additional lesson for the children which means they can come back another day to learn more exciting or level up the way how to The proper way of painting, will you give the kids a certificate or awards for the winners of the contest? So in your offer, will you also give the kids the finished products they made that they can take home after the activity? All right, will you give them a bonus? Will you give them something like a book booklet? Okay, where are the guides that parents can read and teach the kids this is the proper way of painting? Or are there any inspirations in your booklet that they can start painting with or are there any patterns in your booklet that the kids can just color at home when they get home so they can practice what you did during the activity? So that's creating an irresistible offer, so one offer but providing multiple bonuses inside the offer, so it's increasing now. The value is not just an activity, so next is adding urgency. I think in our sample that I'm showing you, here is applicable. Your urgency, let's say for example, Calling all 3 to 5 year old kids parents We only accept 10 kids this month for our creative painting activities 10 ' so it's very small So the parents will be the first ' but make sure that only 10 of them should actually go there only 10 of them maybe they'll go down 100 of you ' so so I can't suggest that if you put 10 in your ads and then only 10 down in actual the activity online That's no problem because what is it scalable y But in actual ' so make sure that you put maybe if 10 make it 15 you can do that maybe just chase and so on add a little bit of urgency in your ads because that will help boost your sales and conversion in your Facebook ads now we're going to talk about is how to read data and set up a custom metrics Once you've published your ads and that's new Why is it important Coach J that we know how to read the metrics of our ads It's important because if you don't know how to read numbers and data, you'll get lost you and your Facebook ads will not be profitable so pro tip number one is you need to know your numbers okay your goal set up a default custom metric in your ads so every time you stay in your ads you have custom metrics number three Is You need to utilize the Facebook ads report Facebook ads has reporting where there is custom report in each campaign each objective and so on so To get to those metrics so all we need to do is Let's go to the ads manager here you will see here there are metrics here Here we go metrics here and then There next to it There then there is default here just click on the customize column Okay and then something will pop up here now the only metrics you need let's say send message messaging click on messaging There You will see here the Cos per new messaging contacts There Cos per messaging Okay so this is important because you send message you click on this then the ones you see here just uncheck ' so budget amount spent schedule quality ranking engagement ranking version rate impression no need um no need cpc ctr Don't delete it ' So these two are optional Okay so amount spent so let's just put this at the bottom then put this budget cost per result but that's already here too Here we go so the only thing left there is this so amount spent then how much is the cost per messaging and this ctr is very important these metrics because this is where you can identify when your ads are effective like when you have 2 and a half or more ctr rate click through rate is effective Your ads when below 2% Okay you need to change your approach there on your ads Okay so this is all you can customize we have 11 11 columns selected then this is the only one you save and then Once you have saved it just set it by default Okay click on apply Then click on save then Put here messaging what you want the name of the metric so this is one of the metrics so every time you land on your Facebook ads manager that's the one on the right so there's also something called reporting so here it has ads reporting so let's click on ads reporting then let 's create of the report so you will do it here in the part where you will create a report create report Then just pivot table Okay untitled report Okay then there you will set your campaign Okay so it's up to you what is so here it will only have data When when you create a campaign Okay so you can delete it and so on That's so here when you are in the report this is the setting of the reporting so here are the Breakdowns that you can put so here because it's nice that you can Breakdown the age and the gender of the people you are talking to the objective ' then it has a level There and so on action and so on So you need to explore this part so at least you have ah data Okay there in your ads So Here it is customizable then it's up to you It seems like you have an advance report reporting here because in the ads manager those are the only metrics but the metrics that I showed earlier Where are the custom metrics that are important especially when you are ranking send message next Pro tip that I will share with you is how not to get restricted on Facebook ads So, to avoid being a Facebook ads master, the number one thing you need to do first is follow Facebook ads advertising policies. Because if you don't follow these, you'll get kicked. Wherever you go, follow or follow their advertising policies so Facebook has a policy that you can research Facebook advertising policy there are all the dos and dons that you need to do Okay read number two use high quality content means high quality content this is not the one that looks like oh you just downloaded it you used it like high quality content you own your own content like this content is you made an effort okay okay because people will see that if your content is oh you added effort the creative is good the video editing is good isn't it also important to number three avoid clickbait tactics Okay Familiar clickbait means to get inquiries or to get to get clicks there in your ads You will put clickbait or pain down in your ads that are not related to your offer just so they can click on your ads okay on YouTube they do this I'm not sure if there is a policy on YouTube but maybe excessive clickbait is really forbidden especially when it's organic because there isn't much But when it comes to ads their policy is different when it comes to paid ads So clickbait is absolutely forbidden on Facebook maybe hook or the proper hook of your ads like our sample earlier this 3 year old girl she wouldn't be called clickbait because ' well ah she's related to your offer but she's so attention grabbing because she's smiling and gaping big pace ' so that's the proper way of instead of clickbait create a proper hook to get the attention of those who will see your ads next is monitor ad performance this is one of the mistakes advertisers make after they run ads batman will take care of it mar soccer bird will take care of it if anyone inquires or not if not we're off but of course why would you turn off your ads what's wrong what is what should I adjust down in my ads is there anything I need to change is there anything I need to improve is there anything I need to change in targeting because if you don't know the performance of your ads that day how how does Facebook read your ads nothing it's like you just go on and off ads and over and over again and then you haven't adjusted the things you should adjust correctly for example your ctr is too low you need to adjust the creative Okay so your ads are too not quality the people who are inquiring so you need to adjust your targeting okay your ads are It seems like um um the budget is too high Okay so the conversion is too low So what's next do you do or just keep it Okay so those are the metrics and performance that you need to trap When using Facebook ads next Pro tip so you are not really a master Is You need to comply with community standards Facebook advertising policy and Facebook community standard are related You should know they are the same Okay you need to do research You also read Facebook's community standards so okay you are not a master you can't be banned you can't be removed from Facebook next tip more money so number one Pro tip Is You need to know your audience So earlier in our example there when we ran ads here on the girl in the picture and Calling all 3 to F assuming 3 to 5 year old aids So now Who is your audience here the kids ' are the kids the ones who attend but your audience here is not the kids ' after that ads are sold eh parents who have children 3 to 5 years old Where is the location Metro Manila so That's it then what else interest we put there okay or can you put a painting or activities if there is interest Man but that's enough parents who have children 3 to 5 years old and then Set the location that's enough for the audience next Pro tip is set clear goals and kpi Okay kpi means What does kpi key performance indicators mean h Good thing I remembered but that's all you need to set a goal yung yung yung your goals Okay um Do you want weekly bookings for kids parents weekly you have um 10 to 15 bookings verified bookings for the activity you will do so in order for you to achieve that 10 to 15 successful reservations for your activity you need to know how many people have inquired on my page and how many I have closed let's say there are 100 parents who inquire and 10% non is 10 so weekly you need 100 inquiries on your page so you can be sure that there are 10 parents every week who will continuously board these ads there is a possibility of running this continuously but I can't fry it in the next few months or days test continuously improve your ads consistently and create multiple ads publish more ads consistently So it means you are improving your ads it can't be effective anymore that's okay but if those ads suddenly increase maybe there was an ad then maybe you need to target a different interest location and so on or maybe you need to change the ad creative of images or you need to change the video so that's why test and optimize continuously continuously it can't be done in one time so there is nothing like that in Facebook ads you need to test and optimize continuously so be consistent there in that part so guys I hope I hope the short video tutorial that Toto here on YouTube that we made helped you are just rallying you are just a beginner here on Facebook ads I hope this sharing will help you and if it helps this video I highly highly recommend to like and comment on this video thank you coach J for this free tutorial and don't forget I have a Facebook ads training that I did step by step where I will teach you everything you need to know not just Facebook ads guys sales marketing and mindset that you need to run a Successful business I have a program and membership that you can check so I will just put the link below the video so you can know how to get into my paid membership and my community if you want to learn more and if you want to level up your knowledge your skills when it comes to sales and marketing so you need to invest in yourself and number one investment really is investing in Yourself by courses programs mentors and so on right Thank you so much guys for watching this video make today a better than yesterday keep safe always and i will see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [24 likes]: Learn How to Run Profitable Meta Ads — Step by Step Course and Tutorials Inside!
REGISTER HERE: https://www.jaygregorio.com/make-more-ads/
  2. @Haydeecee [1 likes]: Thank you Coach!
  3. @EmmanuelLeocadio-q3n [1 likes]: Thanks Sir @Jay Gregorio.  Too many learnings. Simple, very clear and precise explanation on topics shared. Can I send you a direct message. Will most appreciate if you allow.  God Bless.
  4. @MilagrosaEspiritu: Thank you dami ko natutunan😎
  5. @ZanellenPeconcillo: Thank you coach jay for this tutorial.
  6. @ZanellenPeconcillo: Thank you coach jay for this tutorial.
  7. @leviclordearta3783: salamat sir,
  8. @ROMEL-p3k: Thank you coach Jay. God bless you more.
  9. @ReymartCabajes-t9v: boss bat parang iba yung setup ng ads manager ko? di parehas sa inyo po, bakit kaya?
  10. @chuwiistv1354: di ba pwede sa profile mismo gumawa ng ads?
sa Page lang talaga po?
  11. @jessatbrs5409: thank you sir sobrang laking tulong po sa work ko hehe..
  12. @Daven-skie: Thank you
  13. @Rolly-x1t: thank you coach jhay subrang nakakatulong ang video nato
  14. @Mamamia-sr3qd: Sir Baka pwede matulungan po… kasi sinundan ko Yong video mo nag run kami ng ads Yong anak ko nag set bakit po nag start lang ng run nong may 2 tapos Yong daily is 140 something bakit po Yong kinuha ng meta sakin sa bank ko is 5400 something sana po sir matulungan mo kami Ayusin Yong settings ko plssss bka po kasi mag kaltas pa ulit.. pinaghirapan ko Yong pera kinuha lang ni meta🥲😢😢😢😢😢sana mapansin po
  15. @IreneArguson-i9k: Thank you
  16. @Homefinds8: Yung ads ko po may nka link n 2 tao na di q kila nkkta q un ads nla pd q dn i manage nka link dn dun un bank acc nla. Paano po ausin un kaya
  17. @chivashkyletv6577: Thank you coach Jay, very helpful
  18. @florabelmadanlo1051: pede po ba yan kahit cellphone gamit
  19. @blackmamba9841: @JayGregorio  Language school, po ang negosyo ano po maganda na option sa fb ads?
  20. @gabrielaesteban477: ano po yung csv? may mga nag aads po akong kilala na need daw po ng csv, ano pong effect nun sa campaign

- How to Design Facebook Ads in Canva | Step-by-Step Canva Facebook Ad Design Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to the channel. Today I'm showing you exactly how to design this Facebook ad post in Canva as stepby step. This video is based on your request from Instagram. So let's dive right in and create something a scroll stopping. So I have selected a square page size from Canva as you can see. So here we are having the image for the product. I am having three images which I have downloaded from Amazon website. So to create the background first I will bring one image over here. I'm doing this because I'm going to use the same color from the images to create the background. So we will select the background first. Then we will select over here background color. We'll click on plus over here. And then you have to click in pick a color option over here. Once it is done bring it over here like this. and we will select the lighter shade of the color like this. Okay. So one color we have already selected. So I'm using the gradient over here but I'm creating the gradient from a scratch. So we have selected one color. Next we will click on gradient. Once you will click on gradient Canva will automatically add one more color but we will have to change that color. So this color we don't need. So we will click on that and again we will click on pick a color. Then again we will bring that over here and select a color from the product. Okay. But this time we are going to select the darker shade of the color because we have already selected the lighter shade of the color. So let's select the darker shade from here. So as you can see we have added two color in the gradient but we are going to change the style of the gradient because I don't want the lighter shade over here and the darker shade over here. So we will select the second option. So you can see the changes that the lighter shade is on the top and bottom part is darker shade. So I am bringing all the product images over here in the page and we will start designing. Okay, like this. So as you can see all the images is having the background. So you can remove the background from just clicking over here background remover. So we have removed the background of all the images as you can see. So now what I will do I will just duplicate the page because I will start designing by using the shape and all. Okay. So first we are going to select the element. Either you can select this one or this one. But let's select this one so that I can show you that how exactly you can transform this. So first we will select the color. So here also I'm going to select the color from the product. So you can click over here. Okay. Then click on plus. Then click on pick a color option. And here I'm going to select the darker shade of the color. Okay. So I'm selecting this color over here. As you can see we have selected the color. So before adjusting anything over here as I have shared the tutorial before also you can check the alignment line tutorial in the playlist. I will press shift + R. So I have created this alignment line as you can see so that it will be easy for us to take care of the alignment while adjusting everything here and there. Okay. So first we will do we will bring this over here. We are taking care of the alignment line. Alignment line is helping us to align everything. So just increase the size of it a bit and we will increase it till this point. Okay. So we will change the corner rounding of the shape. So for that let's select the shape. Then we will click over here corner rounding. So I am taking 30 for each of them. So we will have to remember. So let's keep it 30 right now. Okay. So this is 30 done. Next what we will do? We will again duplicate by pressing command + D. I have duplicated that one. We will bring this over here. We will keep little bit of a space over here. But this side we will bring it till this point where the alignment line is there. Okay. like this. Okay. One more time. What I will do, I will bring one more. This time we will rotate it because we are going to use it at the bottom. And we will bring it over here like this. We will adjust the height of it. We have to leave the space over here. Make sure you are keeping the same space over here like this. Okay. then increase the width of it so that it will touch this alignment line. Okay. So we will check again if everything is fine we will go with this otherwise we will adjust little bit more. So here as I can see we can decrease the width of it little bit and increase the width of this shape. Okay till this point let's keep the space little closer like this. We can keep the space little bit only. And here also we will adjust according to the space like this. So let's keep it like this. So we have added the shape and that is done. Okay. Anytime you want to hide the alignment line you can press shift + R. So you can see how exactly your design is looking right now. Next we will bring the product images one by one. Okay. So let's bring this product image. So press and hold and bring it on that page. Okay. So it is here. So here I'm just doing one thing. I'm rotating it little bit like this. Okay. So let's rotate it to something around let's keep it 15. Okay. 15°. Yeah. So we will adjust it over here. I'm just trying to bring it on this shape also a little bit. But I'm not crossing this one. So it should be on this shape only and this little bit only. Okay. So let's bring it like this. Okay. Just check everything is looking good or not. Okay. So this is done. Next what we will do for this shape? I'm going to divide that in two parts because I'm going to use two images over here. So this is done. Again duplicate it and we are going to do like this and we are going to bring it to the half of this shape. Okay. Once you will come to the half Canva will automatically show you these lines. So these are really useful. So we will do little bit more. Okay. So as you can see the height is 356. So let's keep it right now. Let's keep it to 353. Okay. So this one again we will do this. Here also we will keep 33. Okay. Like this. So we have divided that shape in two different shape. Now we will bring the image. So let's bring the image over here. Okay. So here as you can see we are having the image but we will make the adjustment like Okay. But as you can see it is good on this side. So if you need the alignment line again press shift + R again it will come. Okay. So we are using the corner of that shape. So here also for the images we will have to take care of the corner rounding. Okay. So first adjust the size of the image like this. Okay. Then from the bottom also we will adjust like this. From this part also we will fix it like this. If you will remove the alignment line shift + R. You can see the corners right? because we have not adjusted the image according to the shape. So for that what we will do we will select the image and we will go over here corner rounding just increase it to 30 because we have used 30 for the shape behind. So we will keep it 30 over here. So after doing that adjustment you can see the corners are looking good with the image also over here like this. Okay. So that is done. Next we will bring the third image over here and we will do the adjustment. Okay. So for this image we are going to increase the size because we are going to use it like Okay little bit only we'll do the adjustment and we are going to bring it like this. Okay. till this point. Next what we will do? We will do the adjustment again with the height and width according to the shape behind like this from the bottom also. Once you will reach to that point, Canva will automatically show you these lines. Okay. So we will stop over there. Next on the right side and on the left side also. So the adjustment has been done but you can see the corners. So we will do the adjustment with the corners. So we will go and select the corner rounding and here we are going to increase it to 30 because we are keeping 30 for each of them. Okay. So now you can see the corners are looking good with the shape behind. So that is done. Okay. So we are done with the adding the images and adjusting the corners according to the shape behind. Next what we will do? We will start writing the text. Okay. So for text we are going to click on text. And here I am not selecting any font from here. But if you will scroll down you can see you're having the font combination over here. So for this particular design I'm going to use this one. So this one is basically the free one and these are the pro ones as you can see. So let's select this one. So here you can see we are having two different fonts. So first we'll ungroup this one and we don't need this one. So we will delete that one. So let's select this one. So this font name you can see over here. So we are going to use this font. Okay. So we can select the color and whenever you are uploading any image in canva will automatically show you the color from the photos also. Okay. So you can select the color from here. So let's select this color but you can see in that font combination the effect was already applied. Okay. So if you'll click on effect you can see the lift effect was there. So we will remove that one. So we will select none because I'm not going to use any effect in these text. So this is the font right now. We will select and we will start writing our text. So I am writing air code. Okay. Right. Like this. And uh we will adjust it behind the image. Okay. So this is like this. We will adjust it according to the shape that how it will look. So let's keep it over here. Canva will automatically show you the center line like this according to this shape behind. So we will select and keep it over here. Next I will duplicate. I will bring it to the same point but try to keep little bit of a space like this. Again if you will duplicate it will come to the same point for the third line also. So we will do it three time. And as the product is airport max, so we will duplicate it again. But this time we will write down max. Okay. But for this particular text, we are going to increase the size like this. Okay. Let's keep it over here like this. Okay. So we have written the text. Next we will select all of them together and group them first. Okay. So you can press shift then start selecting one by one and you get the option to group. So let's group. Okay. So this one we have created. So what we will do? We will adjust it over here like this and we will bring it over here like Okay. This is the center of that shape. So we will keep it behind the image. So we will go to the position also. you can go otherwise you can click on three dots over here and you can go to layers and snip back. Okay, once you will do that it will go behind that image. But here what we are going to do with that text we are going to select the transparency and we are going to decrease it to 50%. Okay. So let's keep it 50 right now. Okay. So that is done. Next what we will do? We can duplicate the same text. Okay. So let's duplicate it. But this time ungroup it because we are not going to use all of them. So we are going to use only this one. Okay. So for the another text we are going to write the text over here which we are going to use on this shape. Okay. That is air board. Okay. We are going to write a board first in one line. Decrease the size. We will adjust it if needed. But right now let's keep it over here. Then we will write down max. Okay. So this is done. We have written airport max. Next what we will do? We will write the text that is wireless. Okay. That is the text we are going to use in this design. So this is the text but here we will just remove the bold. Okay. So right now it is like this. We will decrease it a little bit. We will bring it over this side. So for this shape basically we are going to cover it with the help of the shape. Okay. So we are going to again use the shape but here we are not going to use any color. It will be transparent because we are going to use only the lines means the border. Okay. So let's select the color and select no color. So right now it is transparent but we need the border. So we will click over here and select first one and the border is here. So we will decrease it to one. Okay. Like this. Next we will select the corner rounding. Here also we are going to use between 20 to 30. So I think 20 will be fine. So for the color we are going to use the same lighter shade. Okay. Like this. But if you will select the color you can see that the color of that border is little bit brighter because the text transparency is 50% and we have to adjust the transparency of that border. So for that we will go over here and we will decrease it to 50. Okay. So that it will look similar to the text. Next we will adjust the shape of it like this. We just want to cover it up the text like this. Okay. So let's keep it over here. Let's bring it over here. So anytime you're decreasing the size of any shape, you will have to adjust the corner rounding so that it will look the similar. Okay? Because if you're going to hit like 30 for this shape also, it will be like this. But we need like this. Okay, so let's keep it to 10. Okay, this is done. So we will make sure it is on the center. So this is done. We can select both of them and group them together. Okay, so that is done. Next, we will adjust all of them together like this. And we will bring it over here like this. So let's keep it over here. And for max we can do the adjustment. You can take the help of alignment line over here also. If you are having any problem in doing the alignment you can take care of the alignment line. So let's select all of them together. Group them and we can bring them over here. You can adjust the size if you want like this. Okay. It is already showing you the center line of that shape from top to bottom. So let's keep it over here. Okay. So that is done. Next what we will do? We will write the another text which we are going to write about the price of that product over here. So if you want to adjust everything anytime you can do the adjustment. Okay. So let's duplicate it because we are going to use the same shape and the text over here. So let's select ungroup and just write the text. So our text is dollar $3.99. That is the price of that product. Okay. So that is done. Next we will write with the help of this shape and the text we'll write buy now. Okay. And this one also. And the shape also. Let's select the shape. Increase the width little bit. Like this. Okay. Group them together. That is done. Next, bring the text over here like this. And do the adjustment. So, I'm not going to change the size of this one. I will change the size of this. Okay. So let's do it like this. Okay. So that is done. We will do the adjustment a little bit like this. We will select both of them. We can group. And this time also we can bring it over here. As you can see we are bringing it over here. Okay. Like that. So right now we are done with the writing the text at the bottom shape. Okay. So if you need the adjustment with the size of this one, you can do that. So we will do that later. So let's complete the writing text over there. Okay. So for that also we are going to either you can duplicate the text from here or here. Just duplicate ungroup. So we are going to use the this text. Okay. So here we are going to write Apple airports. Okay. So this is the text but we are going to rotate it like this 90° but we will decrease the size of it like this. So this one we are going to use over here. Okay we can increase the size of it. So let's keep it over here this time. And for next step we are going to take the line from the shapes and also we will keep it 90°. But here also as you can see that I've used one for these lines. So here also we will keep the same. Okay like this. For the color we will go over here and select the lighter shade of the color and we will keep it over here like this. Let me zoom so that you can see. So we are keeping it over here like Okay. Next we will increase the height like this till this point. Okay. Make sure it is 90°. It should not look like this. Just whenever you are increasing the size of any line, make sure about the angle. Okay. So 90°. This is done. So we are keeping it over here like this. But we will have to adjust the transparency. So we are taking care of the line weight and the transparency every time. Okay. So we are keeping 50 because we have kept 50 for text shape everything. Okay. So let's keep it 50. So next what we will do? We will duplicate it again. And this time we will rotate it to 0° but we will change the size of it. Okay, we need only this much. Let's keep it over here. Then we will do the adjustment. Okay, I'm increasing the zoom. So let's keep it over here like this. And let's keep it like this. And that is done. So we are done with adding the line and all. So at the last after doing all of these if you think that you have lot of space over here you can adjust the size of that headphone. Okay. So let's increase the size of it but make sure that it is not coming this side. Okay. So we can do this otherwise we can keep it over here. Let's keep it like this. do the adjustment. Make sure it is not going that side. Okay, like this. You can see this is the final image. If you found this helpful, don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe for more Canva tutorials and content design tips. Got more design requests, drop them in the comment or DM me on Instagram. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sikandarkhan322 [2 likes]: Thank you, I really liked this video.
  2. @marklouiecubio-ays [1 likes]: I learned a lot from this video ❤️
  3. @parthdharaiya6666 [1 likes]: Superb Bro, I found your channel today and after show your all videos of creation now I am a crazy fan of you ❤❤....... keep it up posting videos like this ... 👍👍
  4. @PriyatharshiniC-wl3ke [1 likes]: thanks bro good work!!!
  5. @VedanshSatpathy: thanks a lot bro
  6. @mokmina-u3t: thank you
  7. @menchiedelosreyes5591: Hey there. New subscriber from the Philippines. I am an aspiring media buyer, and I asked ChatGPT who he recommends in Canva. He suggested Design with Toshi. Thank you for creating this video!😀❤
  8. @How2Kamer: It looks so beautiful
  9. @codm-skiller3219: Please I couldn't find the images to download !
  10. @ChrisInspires-g1q: How to design youtube ads in canva?
  11. @berkatan9145: I couldn't find the images so i can download it !
  12. @Shivaan-0304: Thank you so much 👍👍
  13. @freakingmaddeals: Thank you so much for this. Amazing stuff 🔥🔥🔥
  14. @shahariarkamalsaad1083: WOW brother this design was so amazing! Really have to appreciate your creativity. Always waiting for your next tutorials brother. Keep going 💪
  15. @HotelfamilyinnAndlifestyle: Belive or not . i searching and watch manymore vid , but they are pro. dont show basic like you.
i just say you Love bro. Just take love n samile  for Easy Learn .
my english is soooo much Bad , iknow that. but i have to say something for Awesome Slow video .
sorry for bad english.
  16. @Sintu-l7t: The designing is awesome 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻😊
  17. @TheHailMaryProject: Thank you for this!
  18. @Austin_cyber: Nice one, can I do this on phone?
  19. @Seriegalsen: Tu es vraiment un expert ❤
  20. @mdIbrahim-n9y4i: wow. love from bangladesh brother😍

- Create eye-catching ads using Canva's Facebook ads maker: Kind: captions Language: en are you a business owner or want to be one I can imagine you probably don't start a business because you want to invoice clients pay bills or taxes oh but it's every business owner quickly realizes you need to wear a lot of different hats especially in the startup fees another important hat is marketing and Facebook ads are one of the best ways to increase exposure for your business and generate more sales before if you have zero clue where to start well don't worry you are in good hands here let's create a stunning Facebook ad in canva [Music] hi I'm Morgan a social media manager here at canva in this video I'll walk you through how to create a Facebook ad collaborating with colleagues in real time sharing and Publishing your ads directly to Facebook it doesn't matter if you're total newbie by the end of our time together you'll know how to confidently create Facebook ads that convert but first quick question have you subscribed to Canvas Channel yet it's bursting with educational inspiring videos and tutorials to help you make the most of canvas ever expanding features and take your design skills to the next level hit the Subscribe button now and let's get back to Facebook ads with one of the largest pools of active users relatively cheap advertising options and the ability to create targeted and optimized ads Facebook is an advertising medium most businesses can't ignore a Facebook ad appears in feet on desktop or mobile as a user Scrolls the platform it can be targeted to a specific group of users who you think can benefit from or would be looking for the products or Services you sell types of Facebook ads include image ads car sounds slideshows videos stories instant experience ads collection Arts lead ads and even ads in messenger quite a few isn't it of course you don't need to use them all to use the Facebook ads manager you'll need a Facebook business page to create a new campaign ad set or ad through the Facebook ads manager tab over to the type ad you want to create click the green create button to get started before I show you how to make some compelling Facebook ads let's talk about what makes a great one the best Facebook ads have a clear call to action visuals that match the tone of the copy and are relevant to the audience and a good value proposition to draw people in they should be on brand and can be interactive or static depending on the product you're promoting in other words before you make a Facebook ad you need to know the objective for the ad who your target market is and what your unique selling points are okay good let's meet one in canva open canva type Facebook ad into the search bar and hit enter here you'll find thousands of ready-made templates to choose from you'll see you can also specify the type of Facebook ad and choose from Carousel ad templates collection ads slasher ads and more let's start with a simple image Facebook ad that explains what your business is and what you're selling let's pretend I have a juice company selling freshly pressed juice I'm going to start with a blank template start on the home page click here choose the type you want you'll notice it shows the dimensions when you hover over each a beautiful 1080 by 1080 canvas ready to go head to the upload section to upload your business logo and any images you have ready canva also hosts an amazing media library with over a million professional stock photos and illustrations to use on your design I'll start with my favorite flavor strawberry foreign I'll match the same rate as the carton add some text here to all important call to action calls to action like sign up follow download install the app click on the app and shop now and so on they tell your audience what you'd like them to do next without a good CTA people will see your ad but they won't have a clue what they're meant to do and that's a waste of your precious marketing dollars hmm it's looking a bit blonde and the element top just start strawberry and select graphic only filter for static only and you'll get a whole range of strawberries the one I use for the carton is quite a way bit done ah here we are oh we don't want black I'll contrast the background with a light pink duplicate that a few times drop them in the back by selecting them all and using the position tool I'm liking that we just made a Facebook ad in a few minutes there people if you don't want to choose just one image a carousel Facebook ad might be the best option to Showcase several images let me show you how simply add a few more pages I'll do four now we can spread what we are seeing over the pages like I don't need the logo and CTE on every page they can just go at the end let me speed through this so you can see what I mean turn the music up let's get designing let's go you know I could even have some of the shapes bleeding onto the next page building a connection and add a little sticker up here a bit of curved text in there okay that's looking good what questions do you have about what we've covered pop them in the comments below and our team will get back to you ASAP this is looking good but it's feeling a bit static did you know that more than 98 of Facebook users access the platform via their mobile device and 93 of Facebook's ad revenue is reportedly for mobile ads that's why it's more important than ever to optimize everything you share in social media for mobile including ads so how do we create award-winning odds for mobile devices well my first tip would be to add some movement it's really easy to add animation to what we've created select the thing you want to animate hit the animate button and select pop I don't want to overdo it but I think these shapes could have tectonic added to them so they gently Glide across the screen let's have a look at the finished preview nice it's super easy to add in video file as well I'll add in one more Page search in the elements for a video that will work this one is perfect and add some white space at the bottom that can hold text maybe an automated graphic to go with the video add in the text before if you want to work on your Facebook ad with others or just get some valuable feedback give them editing access to your design so you can collaborate it is simple as clicking the share button adding their email in and then canva will send them a generated link collaborators can access your design anytime from any computer iPhone or iPad device if you want them not to adjust to anything then maybe give them commenting rights once you've put the finishing touches on your ad you can download it and save it as a PNG or jpeg if you've animated or video content you'll need to download it as an mp4 upload it to your Facebook page in a few quick clicks or if you've connected your Facebook business page to canva you can publish it directly to Facebook without leaving canva how awesome is that I hope that you now feel are less nervous about making your Facebook ad debut no I haven't mentioned a whole bunch of other AD Types on Facebook if you're a pro or canva per team subscriber it really couldn't be simpler head up here and hit the resize button type in Facebook story or whatever else you're looking for hit copy and resize move things around a little and you have a new ad ready to go so whether you run your own business or work in the social media industry you can now experiment with a variety of Facebook ads and leverage the platform's two plus billion users any questions about Facebook ads or anything we explored in this video go ahead drop it in the comments below don't be shy we are here to help think outside the box and have fun I can't wait to see what you create thank you it's going down hey hey you it's me again one more question before I go did you find this video helpful if so check out the full playlist we've got heaps of how-to videos that will walk you through all the features in canva it won't be long before you're passing this wisdom on to your friends and farm subscribe to our Channel and you'll be the first to know when we've publish a new video which happens every week I'll catch you on another video soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @caspkvolle [1 likes]: How would you make a addvertising campaign for leather shoes in canvas?
  2. @FrankTank7777: Hi there, great tutorial. Just one thing that you probably cover in your other videos, but you mention CTAs (Call to Actions) a lot, but you did not really show how it works. Does the png or mp4 become clickable, or what is the strategy here? Do you add extra text to the posts with links to another website etc?
  3. @paullarkin2486: Very good. Bit quick, but shows the power of Canva.
  4. @JamesCassata-c3b: Too wordy at beginning
  5. @moses_githinji: I have really enjoyed watching this video
  6. @GraceMccarthy-i4p: take out the background music...I cannot concentrate
  7. @CharlesJohnson-l5x: Best I've seen as a beginner.  Can you explain how to add a CTA button with business email link for our customers.  This will be used on the Facebook platform.  Thank you
  8. @PaulBwalya-j9p: Is it necessary to use a laptop to make designs or a phone can also work to do the trick??...
  9. @BonnieLeighMusic: Very informative indeed!
  10. @JarlBulgruf: Whoever chose the background music doesn't understand advertising
  11. @anthonypeter5370: Thank You
  12. @gallegos-t4n: This tutorial was a game changer for my small business, and the clear steps helped me create ads that actually grab attention! I'm looking forward to seeing a video on analyzing ad performance data to optimize for even better results.
  13. @charlitaheyward: This is exactly what I needed to get started with Canva ads – thanks for breaking it down so simply! I especially appreciate the tips on keeping the design clean and focused. Hope to see more tutorials on advanced targeting or ad copy strategies in the future!
  14. @negasiredmon: Fantastic tutorial! I especially appreciate the clear explanations, and I'm eager to see how these techniques impact my ad performance. It would be great if you could cover specific industry examples in a future video!
  15. @AmandineTrosen: This was a really clear and helpful tutorial! I'm excited to try these tips out in Canva and see how they boost my ad engagement. Thanks for making Facebook advertising feel less daunting.
  16. @JanetPettit-e9l: Thank you.
  17. @waynemccrary: Can you go faster....
  18. @delfalinville: Thank you so much for this video. Very interesting.
  19. @Malaktv3: thank you, but the music was annoying
  20. @fabio693: strange to tell us to put a CTA because its useless. Facebook is gonna add the CTA automatically upon the ad. So there will be 2 now !

- Claude Has Officially Changed Facebook Ads Forever! (Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just officially integrated Claude into Facebook Ads and it is genuinely one of the biggest shifts that we've seen when it comes to running ads. I run Facebook Ads for over 87, 8, and 9 figure e-commerce brands and I've already been running the Claude integration in these accounts to actively launch, edit, and make adjustments to optimize and report on just about everything for these accounts. So, in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to set up the Claude and Facebook integration. I'm going to show you how it actually functions. I'll show you some real use cases for how we're actively editing, launching, and changing campaigns right now. Okay, first things first, go into Claude, go to the bottom left corner, and click settings, and then click connectors. Once you're here, click add custom connector. Name this Facebook Ads MCP, and then paste in https://mcp.facebook.com/ads. You then click add from here and you'll see the official Facebook Ads logo. Then go ahead and click connect. This is going to redirect you to your native Facebook profile. From here, if you've already connected it like I have, you'll see the reconnect button. If not, you can click edit settings and then choose the current business that you're actively working on that has access. Click continue and then click save. You will then be redirected back to Claude where you can click configure on the MCP and you'll see all of the permissions. By default, everything will be in needs approval. Along the way as you use the tool, you will allow certain things to be always allow and then of course you'll have certain things be always ask and certain things completely blocked. It's all based on your preference. For now, just about everything for me is on needs approval. There's a few things that I have down here like ad insights where it can't actually do anything that I'm actually allowing it to run freely. So, from here we're going to create a new chat and we're going to check our connector. We're going to go down here and we're going to see the Facebook Ads MCP is enabled. I'm just shutting off all my other connectors. I just want to use the minimal amount of other connectors in here and just use my Facebook Ads MCP. For this, I'm now going to type in using the Facebook Ads MCP connector, what ad accounts do you have access to? And we can see as it's actually doing its work, it's able to load up the MCP integration, the tool. Sometimes a logo shows up here as well. And I can see right off the bat here, I have hundreds of ad accounts added in between the audits we do, our school community, our Moonlighters agency offer. We work with a lot of brands, and we have 10 MCP enabled accounts. Now, for this example, I'm going to use this account right here. I know these are blurred out just to save the client to be confidential about it. So, now that we have the account that we're going to use, I'm just going to show you some basic prompts, and then we're going to get into some more advanced stuff like detailed reporting, how to actually launch, edit, make changes. But just for all intents and purposes here, we can now interact with Facebook Ads using Cloud. Let's start with a very basic prompt. For the account, pull the total ad spend over the last 7 days. Nothing else. Now, one thing I noticed in using the tool, keep in mind, I disconnected it and reconnected it for the sake of this video, but what I noticed was that as I continued to use it, it got better and better. It knew which tools to pull, it knew which skills to use, etc. Now, this is really cool, super simple. It can now pull my last 7 days from this account where range. I could ask anything I want. I could ask it, for example, over the last 365 days in a table format, pull in groups of 7 days the total amount spent. I want to in a nice pretty table. All right, and you can see this working in real time. It did take about a minute to actually gather all of the data, and now it's pulling this in a nice HTML table widget format. It's actually going to look really pretty, really easy for me to share this with anyone, and basically show week-by-week data on spend relative to the proportion of it. And I can ask for anything in here, right? So, it's flagging some patterns, it's calling out some stuff, but generally, I could ask for anything I want. I could ask for total spend, total revenue, ROAS, I could look for trends, we could plot charts, we could do it all. For example, if I said, "Take this data, plot it alongside number of purchases, and then put it in a nice interactive chart, or even maybe a few charts that I could play around with." And while we're waiting for that to load, I do want to give you a very important warning. Now, a lot of people are going to get this integration and think that they should trust everything that Claude says. The reality of this is very far from the truth. Now, there's going to be some things that Claude does call out, and really any large language model would call out. Things like anomalies, things like standard deviations away from the norm. These are things that you want your large language model or your AI to call out. You want to be notified about things that are abnormal. It's amazing at finding abnormalities. What it's not so amazing at is actually understanding the holistic strategy of your business. Not only does it not have the insight to things like inventory, cost of goods, and other very important metrics, but generally speaking, it's going to make recommendations only on numbers, not thinking holistically. I think maybe in a few years at most, it's going to get there where the recommendations are going to get better and better and better. But, as of today, I could say very confidently, be super careful with the recommendations that you actually pull out of here, especially when they're broad. Okay, I won't lie, this took quite a long time to actually run. A full year of data and everything that I'm asking for is pretty hefty. But, we have a beautiful chart, spend purchases, CP over time, and then spend versus purchases plotted a little bit differently. I think this is great. We also have some recommendations from Claude, or really like call outs. These were all decent call outs, but generally not things that I'm going to take at face value. So, you can probably see when it comes to reporting, you could just about do anything you want, but there are some limitations. So, just want to break down these limitations to make sure you don't get in here, get overwhelmed, think you could do a thousand things, and are only able to do a few. Now, one of the biggest limitations is we currently can't take any creative element and actually pull it out of the Facebook Ads Manager into Claude. This means Claude can't see your copy, it can't see your videos, it can't see your images. Eventually, it may be able to. This is V1. This is as beta as it possibly gets. But for right now, we are pretty limited about this. I do expect this to be the most important turning point of using any sort of large language model, whether it's Manus, whether it's Claude, whether it's ChatGPT, it doesn't matter. This is going to be the biggest shift that I expect. Essentially, when we're able at some point to take the creative learnings and then push them into a multi-step workflow. For example, you might be able to take the top five ads in your ad account, create iterations of them directly in Claude, directly in ChatGPT, directly in any third-party platform that you use, all through a single workflow. We're not there yet. I just wanted to give you that heads-up on these limitations because it can be super frustrating to prompt, prompt, prompt, prompt, and get really nothing back. Right now, the main use case is reporting, editing, and creation. With that said, let's move on to number two, which is editing. So, I'm going to show everybody the most simple use case that we could possibly imagine, which is just editing the name of a campaign. You can literally apply this to anything. You could change budgets, you could change any setting in the Ads Manager, you could do it all. Just going to show you the basics of editing the name of a campaign. So, I'm going to copy and paste this campaign name, and I'm just going to say, "Find the campaign, change the title to Claude." So, we're just going to add Claude to the end of the title here. And all this is going to do now is literally locate that campaign and update the name. It's probably going to ask me for permissions or approval throughout, which is totally fine. We want that to happen. Go ahead and type yes. Okay, this is an important step here. It's going to ask if I can update the ads entity, and it's going to prompt me to say always allow. In this case, I'm going to allow once. If we always allow, it's going to have free reign to just edit whatever it wants based on me just saying yes in little situations like this, which I don't like. Now, it says done. Let's go back to our Ads Manager. Let me exit out here, I'll do a quick refresh, and we'll narrow down to that campaign. And in fact, we can see in just about 3 seconds, the name Claude is now appended to the campaign. We can obviously do the same for any setting, any adjustment in the campaign that we want. To take this a step further, something that a lot of people are naturally going to gravitate to, and this isn't a direct recommendation from me, but I think something that people are going to want to do often or something along the lines of locate any ad under a 0.5x ROAS in the last 7 days that is in an active campaign. Once you find those ads, we are going to pause them down. Cool. So, in this case, it pulled a little bit of a comprehensive report here in a way on what's actually happening in these ads, and I can just go ahead and say, "Yeah, pause all 14, skip the learning phase ads, only fully failed warnings, let me pick individually." I'll just click let me pick individually. How should I handle ad the one that's right on the line? Keep it, that'll kill too much volume. Cool. So, you can probably see at this stage that it's going to continue to work down the route of which ads should we pause. I could eventually tell it to actually choose the individual ad IDs that I want to pause, and then it will pause them down. The next thing we can do is actually launch campaigns. It can only launch campaigns in the paused state, which I think is a great safeguard. So, we can do the same thing. Let's just say, "Forget it. Let's instead launch a new campaign with all of these loser ads." And we'll call it zombie_claude. Okay, so I've gone back and forth with Claude here a little bit. Long story short, this is going to take a whole lot of tokens to actually run and make these complex adjustments. But what I could easily do is I could just say, "Instead, just create the shell for the campaign." This is going to be a sales objective. It's going to be a CBO, of course. We'll just set this for $100 per day, and I do like how it reminds us it's going to be created as paused. Again here, it's prompting the always allow. We're just going to allow once. Done. The shell is live in the paused state before I could even finish my sentence. Let's click the refresh button here and we called this zombie_claw. Cha-ching, it is set up. Generally speaking, always pop into here, make sure your settings are set up properly. There's always going to be some issues with stuff like this. It only asked me a few questions. It can't possibly know every setting that I want. Of course, you could prompt it to be more prescriptive for new launches that you do. Okay, so we have kept this at a very high level because that's all that's available for us today. I will keep everybody updated with any adjustments, any updates that actually happen to the Claude MCP and Facebook Ads integration. So, if you want to be informed of when those updates come out, click the subscribe button. I post twice a week. I try to reply to every single comment and give as much free value as possible. On the other hand, if you want your ads managed by a team of killers who are using tools just like this every single day, who have early access to tools just like this, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. We work with seven, eight, and nine figure e-commerce brands and help them go from where they are today to significantly more scale. That is all for today's video. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this. I'm really excited to see what's about to go down with Facebook Ads and Claude in the very near future.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l164
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l164
  2. @Peteristrate [1 likes]: For some reason, Claude said the META MCP can't pull all the data accurately, and some other data is even missing...., compared to a different MCP I've been using from Adspirer (some guys who created a META ads MCP - no, I'm not advertising them cause I don't want to pay for their service, lol). None the less, the concept works, and it's just a matter for META to improve their own MCP... I hope. Clause said there's nothing I can do, it's all up to META's MCP to pull the data and aggregate it correctly (which it doesn't at the moment).
Has anyone else experienced this? You can compare the META MCP stats with a printscreen from your META Ads Manager. Claude will compare them for you.
  3. @ericleszkowicz898 [1 likes]: You did better than I did... I ended up with only two of mine enabled out of all of the clients my agency works with.
  4. @jordanross8F: Crushed it bro!
  5. @LRB-STLMarketing: Awesome Video!
  6. @BethCorso: why not Manus?
  7. @zakhariahk.8720: Try to beat me i have 1250 ROAS without Ai ….
  8. @HelpCentre-j9f: I have a problem where it connects but i connected to the wrong account id, the acc i dont use. How do i fix that
  9. @gabe-childress: WISPR FLOWWW HE KNOWSSS
  10. @vincentalz: guuuuys you need try the trendtrack MCP/API
  11. @LofiBeatzCollective: 5:07 Claude code is better with this alot
  12. @HolisticHealthSolutionsInc: SAm Tks for this video -- will be not easier to use Meta I or Manus AI that are owned by FB?
  13. @ratchapongolaranont556: Useless thing
  14. @frankb1256: Meta + any app will never give you 12.4 x roas. Only if your targeting BOF. Thats it. Dont ever believe this BS
  15. @johncenegal: only true benefit i see is avoiding having to use the terrible Facebook ads manager UI
  16. @helloworld7818: Meta business SUCKS. Doesnt matter what they do. It´s so bad
  17. @АлександраИонел: I used to believe rich people were lucky or corrupt. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I see it is mostly financial literacy. The kind they deliberately keep out of schools so regular people stay stuck.
  18. @AhmedHasan-f2j5p: This book is controversial for a reason and everyone should read Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. It tells the uncomfortable truth that the system does not want you rich. It needs you working, spending, borrowing and staying dependent for life. Schools wont teach this. Parents dont know it. Once you read it you cant go back to being comfortably broke. It forces you to take responsibility and most people hate it for exactly that.
  19. @thebestmusicforlife9862: My cousin laughed at me for reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl. Funny thing is he asked to borrow money again last month. I said no without any guilt this time.
  20. @ShanKhan-m3j7o: I always saw myself as the responsible type. Paid bills early, worked hard, saved a bit every month. After reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl I realized I was just a well behaved poor person following rules made to keep me there forever.

- The Only Facebook Ads Guide You'll Need For 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I've been running Facebook ads for over 7 years now and spent millions of dollars on the platform and I can tell you that people online really overcomplicate the process. Let's just take a look here to show you how easy it actually is. All right, so if we take a look here month-to-date April 1st to the 6th, we spent $20,000 and if you look at our month-to-date revenue, we have 58,700. So about 58,700 / 20,000, we're looking at almost a three return on ad spend and we can go back even further. If you take a look at last month, we spent 79.9 so 80 thousand dollars in Facebook ads and that brought in $199,000 in revenue and you can see here most of the month we were actually out of stock. So we just started scaling it up at the very end here to save that ROAS a little bit higher. And so with that being said, let's cut out all of the fluff and BS here that you hear online. This is my simple Facebook ad strategy that is proven to work and you'll have yours fully set up by the end of this video in just minutes. All right, so the first thing you have to do if you're brand new and if you're not, skip over this part and you already have a business account on Meta, you're going to want to go into the business Meta Suite. So you want to sign up for your Facebook account for business. You can use your personal account which you actually have to do. Facebook doesn't separate the two. And one question that I do get a lot is I signed up for my personal but I want to run business, is it going to show up on my personal account? No, the two are completely separate but Meta doesn't really have a system right now to just have only business accounts. It's tied to your personal. So you have to sign in with your Facebook personal account. And once you got your business account set up, the first thing that you want to do is create your Facebook and Instagram business pages. This is super important especially if you want to grow your brand because most of the time when people see your ads on Facebook, they're going to look at your Facebook and Instagram page to see if you're a legit company. So it's super important to get this growth on your account and you can take a look at our Instagram page here, Haven Golf Company. So we just post a bunch of obviously golf content around the golf space and then also all of our products that we're launching and dropping. Now we do have a professional photographer and and social media manager and all that stuff but all you have to do is make sure that you're actively posting on your Instagram and Facebook pages because it's going to naturally grow from the ad spend that you're spending money on, essentially. Now, the next thing that you want to do after you set both of those things up is that you want to go on your Shopify store, if you're selling from Shopify, and you go into sales channels, you want to add the Facebook and Instagram app. It's the easiest way to connect your pixel. And so, what a pixel is is a line of code that collects data from all the visitors on your website, and it sends it back to Facebook to optimize your ads even further. And most people don't realize how important pixel data is. People will run ads for like a week, get like very little sales, be unprofitable, and then just end up quitting. This is not how the world works, especially with all the new algorithms coming out and always changing. Your pixel data is super, super important. It teaches Facebook how to target people that want to buy your product. And this does take some time, so don't give up in the first week is my advice. But, to set up your Facebook pixel, it's super easy now integrated with Shopify. You're going to add the app, and then you're going to go into your settings, and it's going to link to that business account that you just created. So, it's one click, you sign in on Facebook again, link the accounts that you want to, so your ad accounts and your Instagram and Facebook account. Then it will all show up here. One thing that you do want to make sure that you do is share your data. You want to share the maximum amount of data. The more data that Facebook collects from your store and sends back to its platform, the more your pixel's going to optimize as well as your ads. So, you'll see behavioral be tracked with this data set. So, this is the Shopify pixel that you probably just created if you're brand new. It's going to show up here, and then you're good to go. One other tip that I will give you with Shopify's new uh privacy updates and things like that, you want to go into your settings, then you're going to go down to customer events. And here you can see all of the apps that you have connected to your Shopify store. So, the data is going to be automatically selected as optimized. What you want to do is change it to always on. So, more data from Shopify will be sent over to your Facebook pixel, maximizing the data that it collects, therefore allowing your Facebook pixel and your ads to optimize even further. This is a very important thing to do, especially in 2026 with this new update. So, now once you have all that set up, let's go into our campaign structure. This is like the meat and potatoes of this video. It is a super simple structure. There's a lot of people I see online talking about all these different crazy strategies on Facebook. It's really not that hard. I've been writing structures like this for over 7 years now, and it's always been profitable, and it's not as serious as people think. The biggest and most important thing that you need to focus on when running Facebook ads, especially as a beginner, are your creatives and your marketing angles when you're testing your product. Which I'll Which I'll talk about in just a little bit when we get into it. So, what we want to do is create a campaign. There's awareness, traffic, engagement, leads, app promotion, and sales. If you're in the e-commerce space, and you want people to come onto your website, purchase the product from you, you need to choose sales. Facebook takes this objective very seriously. You don't want people to just come onto your website for traffic, and then they just bounce, they don't purchase anything. You want people to purchase from you, so always choose sales as a campaign objective. All right, after we've done that, we're just going to hit continue, and now we are in the back end setup of our campaigns. And you can see on the left side here, we've got a new sales campaign, an ad set, and an ad creative level. There are three levels to pretty much all social media platforms. Facebook kind of set the precedent for this. There's campaign, ad set, and ad. Campaign is with the overall structure of how the campaign's going to work and be set up. Ad set level is going to be your targeting. And in the ad creative level are going to be your ad creatives with your copy on your ads and all that stuff. So, the actual end product that people see. So, I'm just going to name this one test campaign. Uh you can name it kind of whatever you want. Obviously, it's probably going to be around your product, and you're going to say test campaign product one or X or whatever it may be. Uh but just name them something that you're going to remember in the future when you're looking at your list of campaigns when you're trying to scale out. So, let's go over the settings. Campaign details, buying type, we're going to leave it as auction. Campaign objective is going to be sales. We don't even need to go into this. We don't need a campaign spending limit unless you want one, but I think it's always better if you just turn it off if you don't want to spend more money on. Now down to product information, you can have a catalog attached here. So, like I showed you in this app section on Shopify, if you go into Facebook and Instagram, it's going to sync all of your products on Shopify to Facebook for you. That way you can use Facebook shop features and things like that. I do leave the catalog on, so it's pulling all the data from our catalogs on Shopify. There is a period that your product has to get approved on Facebook cuz you can't sell certain items on Facebook. But generally, we're not going to change anything here. Now going down to the budget, there's a difference between campaign budget and ad set budget. So, the campaign budget, let's say this is $25. We've got five different ad sets in here and a bunch of different creatives. It's going to take $25 a day and disperse it through all of those ad sets and ads. This allows Facebook kind of full control of where they want to spend your money based on what they think is going to perform the best. This is called a CBO budget. A lot of people preach this right off the bat, 24/7. I see it all the time on YouTube. Now I I personally don't think this is the best route to go, especially as a beginner and even when you're scaling as high as we are. And the reason for that is that I like to give all of my ad sets in my testing campaigns and my certain products a fair spend. That way Facebook doesn't decide one thing is going to get all the spend and this product or angle or creative is not going to get any testing at all. I think it's a bad thing because if it spends all of its money on one creative and it fails, let's say you spent 500 bucks and didn't get a sale. How do we not know that the other things that it didn't test weren't going to actually perform? This is why I don't really like trusting the robots and the algorithm behind Facebook. I like giving it a fair test and let the people tell me what is actually performing and what they like to see. So, for this campaign and for testing, we're going to be running ad set budget. So again, the only difference is the set budget. We're going to put a dollar amount on the sales ad set here. If we have five ad sets, they can be $25 each, that's going to be 125 within those ad sets down to the creatives. If we have the campaign budget or CBO, it would spend that amount through everything, right? So, the major difference is is we're giving a dedicated amount to spend per ad set. And in this case, for this example of this video, it's going to be different marketing angles and creative. We're going to click on ad set budget and share some of your other budget with other ad sets. I do like to leave this on. I like giving Facebook a little bit of leeway here. Up to 20% can be shared with other ad sets one is really performing early on or they have a great inkling that it's going to be performing. So, I like to leave this on. The campaign bid strategy, we're going to go with highest volume. We want the most amount of sales. We're not doing any AB testing right now. We're doing all of our AB testing through our ad sets and marketing angles, which I will cover and explain. So, if you don't know what that is, don't worry about scrolling down below is the option for audience segment reporting. We're going to leave this on engage 180 days, existing customers, and basically just change none of this here. Now, the next section is special ad categories. This is for if you offer financial services or political campaigns, which is probably not going to apply to you if you are running just a general e-com store where you want people to come on your website and purchase your product. All right, so we really didn't change too much on the campaign level here. Now, we go down to the ad set level. This is where all the targeting's done, the tracking, and the button. And so, here's really where the strategy comes into play, especially if you're a beginner and you're testing out a new product or your first time running Facebook ads and you haven't established product already. We want to be testing marketing angles. Let me show you a quick example of what that is. I've used it many times in examples. This product itself is not revolutionary. They didn't invent this product. You can see here that it's a ultrasonic vibrating cleaner. But, most of the time people advertise this product to clean jewelry and other things like that. They took the angle of this product and said, "No, no more jewelry. Everyone's doing that. This is for retainers." They didn't invent this product. They just took the product that already existed and said, "No, we're going to advertise this and base this solely on one singular focus." That's how important marketing angles are. It can turn a product that everyone thinks is saturated into a brand new product with a brand new niche and a brand new following. So, I highly recommend doing if you're brand new and you're looking to drop ship a product or just test one out. The more marketing angles that you can come up with, the higher chance of success that you have. With that being said, look at your product and come up with three to five different marketing angles. A different way to advertise your product to a different sub niche of audience. And again, to repeat this for example purposes, this product can be used in so many different ways. It can clean watches, rings, retainers. I don't even know what else. You could come up with a bunch of different things that it could clean and be useful for and hit different demos of audience in a niche selling on the exact same product. It doesn't have to get as deep as this. If you're selling stuff like Haven like a polo, for example this, you know, the difference between retainer cleaner and jewelry cleaner is really really large. But, if you have a product that's like obvious and you know what it is, the marketing angles for this would be football lovers. Get ready for This is an ASU inspired polo by the way. One angle would be, you know, if you love football, it's back in season, come get your polo and rep your team. This could be also golf, which it actually is for. Overall, just school pride. So, the product is the same, the angles aren't as different, but they're strong in each of their own ways. And then, one audience is probably going to resonate with that more. And And that allows you to scale it even further cuz you know that audience identified with that product in this way. So, what I would encourage you to do is come back on to your Facebook Meta Manager here and type in angle one for product X and then maybe a description of that angle just so you can identify later on. Now, going down to conversion, we're going to want to do website conversion. Performance goal is going to be maximize number of conversions. So, we don't have to change that. Make sure that under your data set, your pixel is linked here and this is the one that you're using to track all the data. And now for your conversion event, you want to go down to purchase cuz that's the thing that we want Facebook to focus on the most. We don't care about add to carts. No one cares about it if you have a thousand add to carts, it doesn't matter. You want people to purchase from your website, that's how you're going to be successful. We're going to scroll down here. We're going to look at value rules. We don't need to enable these right now. Attribution model, we're going to leave at standard. Delivery type, we're also going to leave at standard. And then budget is going to be your daily budget per ad set. I get a lot of questions about how much I should be spending on Facebook when testing a campaign. A great rule of thumb is to spend three to five times your AOV. So, for example, if we look at Haven here, and we see our AOV was $81. So, when we're running a campaign, we're going to spend three to five times this, so about $405 in that campaign to test it out. And if you don't have your AOV yet, if you haven't been making sales, then you're going to use your baseline product selling price as your AOV. So, if you're selling your product for $50, you want to spend at least $250 during a test. You also want to spread this budget out over a week because a certain product can sell really well on Monday and not Friday, or vice versa. It can sell great on Saturday, but not Wednesday. So, if you spend all your budget too quickly, it doesn't get sales on a certain day, it could be just time of the week. Just to keep it simple, I'm going to leave it at $25 here. You know, it depends on your AOV and what you're selling your product for. You have the start date and schedule to whenever you want. I recommend starting at 12:00 a.m. the next day if you're publishing your campaign now. That way it has the full day to optimize. Scrolling down to audience, we're not going to touch any of this besides potentially the location and the minimum age for your product. If you're selling your product internationally, you can add locations in here. You can say United Kingdom, New Zealand, you know, that's where it's going to show the ads on Facebook. If you're selling your product just in the United States, you would just put United States here. And then minimum age, if your product, you know, resonates most likely with people that are 60 plus, you can change that as well. So, it'll only send that ad out to people that have Facebook accounts that are over the age of 60. This is all product dependent. Uh for with specific case, I'm going to leave these open because selling golf polos kind of applies to pretty much every age. And since we're testing and we're beginners setting this up, we're going to leave excluded custom audiences out and we're going to leave all languages on as well. We don't need to change any of this. We're just testing out our product. We're setting up our first campaign. We're also not going to suggest an audience. We want Facebook to go find We want Facebook to go out there and prospect the audience and see who likes this product. It's also going to help train our pixel even more. The second you start suggesting audiences, Facebook gets kind of put in this funnel and they only send it to those people and you possibly could be wrong about that. You want to go as broad as possible. The algorithm has gotten so good over the last couple years that you really don't need to do any interest targeting at all. Facebook knows what people like on Facebook. The algorithm is strong. They're going to find those people that want to purchase your product for you. Ad transparency, you don't need to do any of this right now, uh especially in the beginning. Uh placements, we want to leave these completely open, too. We don't want to just say only Facebook feed. We want it to go across Instagram stories, Facebook stories, all these different you know, areas that can place your ads. All of these different areas that Facebook can place your ads. Now we've got our ad set set up and what we want to do, like I was saying earlier, you want to come up with three to five different marketing angles for your product, especially when you're first testing it out. But we're not going to change anything in the ad set. The only things that are going to change are the creatives and the titles and the headlines of your ads. What we want to do is duplicate and then we're going to do a number of copies. So if you have five different angles that you want to test, you're going to duplicate it four times. Now you're going to see here on the left, it's going to keep all of the same settings for your ad set, which is essentially open targeting. And copy that and then put creatives under each of them that we also still have to fill out. What you want to do is go into each of the ad set levels now and say angle two, angle three, angle four, and angle five. So we're testing five different angles. Now that we have these set up, we need to fill in the creative. So the thing in the advertisement that you actually see on Instagram or Facebook. So I'll use the example of our new military collection. So, let's say I'll set up a campaign for this. We'd go into angle one. and maybe the angle one is, you know, have you retired from the military, you want a new polo that represents, you know, what you've done, your service for the country. That could be angle one. Now, under each of these ad sets, you want to have three to five creatives that can be tested. So, you can name this whatever you want based on your angle. It'd be creative one. And then we're going to we're going to fill this out first, and then we're going to duplicate it three to five times depending on how many ad creatives that you have. Scrolling down, we want to make sure under identity that our Facebook page is linked. So, Haven Golf Company. Our Instagram profile is linked, Haven Golf Company right here. Threads profile. Really fine to use your Instagram for this. And for branding, we don't need to change any of this at all. Now, our ad setup is the next section. So, this is where we're going to actually like add our our ads, see whether they're image or video. I highly recommend going with image ads. I've been talking about them for so long now. They convert at such a great rate. The only reason I think that you shouldn't be using image ads is if your product requires a video, like a big demonstration to show people how the product works. But, image ads are generally three times on average cheaper than video, which makes it great for testing because you're going to get such a higher volume. So, so under this setup, we're going to do a manual upload, and then a single image or video. We're going to leave this checked on. That's totally fine. It's going to get you cheaper cost per impression. Now, we're going to go down to the destination and so let's pull up uh our product link. So, what you'll want to do is go on your website. You want to find the polos that you want or the product that you want to sell. Let's say we're doing the bulldog here for the Marine. You're going to copy this link, and you're going to put it back into the website URL here. It's going to start pulling some of your information cuz it knows what to look for, especially if it's linked onto your Shopify catalog. You can see it pulled the name, the title of the company, our website, and then the description. Make sure that you send people to your landing page of your product and not your homepage. It converts way better. No one wants to go on your homepage and try to find the product they just saw an ad for. You want to send them directly to your landing page. Then, we're going to scroll down to ad creative. This is where we're going to upload our image ads. So, if you have three to five image ads, this is where you'd be putting them in respective uh creative levels on the left side here. Here, you're going to see some extensions if everything is connected, uh website summary, your branding, your site links. So, if you have other products, like you can see here, we have custom polos, golf apparel, golf polos, polo shirts, hats, all that stuff. But, if you're a single product and you're just testing one out, you're probably going to only see, you know, one section. And that's totally fine. And then you'll also see website highlights. So, basically, I just really skip this and hit next. Now, we're going to pull in our creatives. Now, this is a creative that we're going to be using for this example. It's for this specific polo. If you have your ad creatives ready, you just click on upload and they'll show up in your account images here. So, we'll go ahead and hit next. And now we need to do our primary text, our headline, and our description. So, these should be representative of the marketing angle in your creative. For example, if this is for veterans from the Marines, that's the angle of our image ad creative with a strong headline that says like four veterans or or something that represents that, you'd want to talk about that here. You would want to say something like the polo for marine You don't want to say something like the polo marine vets have been waiting for. Haven Golf Company just released a limited edition polo for those who served a great country. This angle is obviously for marine vets. That's the angle that we're testing here. And we're going to write something simple here, and then Facebook's AI is going to give you a bunch of different options. I recommend leaving all of these on. They like to test the different copy on the ads. They usually do a really good job with this, and it does give you a better score on Facebook, so it's nice to do. And then we're going to go down to the headline, and I'll show you guys exactly where these copies show up uh in the example ad here. But, the headline, I really like to keep it nice and simple. So, like I like to say the bulldog polo, titling it whatever the product actually is. And then I'm going to turn these off for a second, and then refresh it again cuz it's going to pull from this headline. Here we go. So, it's pulling from both here and here. We're going to leave all these on as well. Now, your description is at the very bottom. It's really not seen too often, so it doesn't have to be super crazy. So, for this example, I'm going to say Haven Golf Company is proud to release the military collection. Get yours today before they sell out. Nothing too crazy. Now, your call to action, you want to have shop now. I've actually had problems in the past by not choosing shop now when scaling e-com brands. I'm not sure why or if it's just my account, but a lot of the times they'll get flagged if I accidentally leave it as like learn more or something because it's not really sure, but I think maybe Facebook wants people to know that they're shopping. Maybe it comes off misleading or something. Either way, you want to say shop now because you're trying to get people to come on to your website and purchase from you. Now, we're going to go ahead and hit next on this. It's going to offer a bunch of AI generated images of the Polo. We're going to skip that and hit next. Now, there's Advantage Plus creative enhancements. There's AI overlays, visual touch-ups, animations. It'll spin around. Uh product tags. I don't like any of these. Uh I actually even turn off the music cuz sometimes the music is really ridiculous. Uh text improvements are sometimes fine. I'll leave those on. Multi-image formatting I don't do unless I'm specifically running a carousel that you can swipe, but these are single image ads, so I turn that off as well and I just keep that on and hit next. Now, it's going to do some languages. It'll translate for you. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. Uh I don't really care either way. I just hit done. Boom. So, now we see what our actual ad is going to look like in the example on the right side here. In golf company. So, these are the uh this is the copy uh that we wrote. Um this is the primary text and then we've got the headline here and the description underneath like I was saying earlier, you can't really see it too much. That's not a huge deal. The most important I'd say are primary text and headline. A lot of people read this and then they click shop now. This is what your ad's going to actually look like though. You can see here for the example of Instagram stories, there's like no description at all. It It's really It's not super important, but your copy does help Facebook target the right people. So, it is very important at the same time, but depending on the format and the placement, it's going to look a little bit differently and here's all the examples of it. So, now that we've got our ad creative set up and uploaded on there with our text and copy, we're going to scroll down even further, skip this, skip this. See, there's no fluff here. I'm just going right past this. You don't need to do that. Now, we're going to go down to tracking. You want to make sure website events are on, so it's going to be pixel cuz you want the data to be sent back to Facebook. Uh that way you can optimize So, you get a sale or add to carts, it's going to help find the right people. Now, another important thing that does help with the tracking are the URL parameters. So, we're going to click into this, and we're going to click on site source name for the campaign source. Campaign medium is going to be placement. Campaign name is the campaign name. Campaign content is the ad name. And so, what this does is add an extra line of code whenever someone clicks on your ad, and it's going to actually fill in this information. It's going to say it came from Facebook stories, from this campaign, which is labeled test campaign, and then the campaign content is going to say it's ad one, or creative one that we labeled it. Now, this is great because it helps send more data back to Facebook, but also when you go on Shopify, you can actually look at the URLs that are being clicked, where they're coming from, and make decisions moving forward on how to scale. It's a little bit more advanced. I do recommend having these on. So, we'll hit apply, and now we are done with this ad. This is an ad that I would post right here. Now, we set up our first creative under a certain angle. So, this one was for veterans. What we want to do is upload our three to five creatives that we've created for our product representing that angle. So, we're going to duplicate the ad creative level into the original campaign. The number of copies, let's say you've got three total for this one. Hit duplicate on two, and now we're going to have creative one. This would be creative two, which should be a different picture and a different headline, still representing that angle that you're testing out here, which would be for veterans. And then, all you have to do is scroll down to your creative, trash it, add media again, add your second creative that you want to use. So, we'd hit next, and let's just say it's this one. It's not correct, but for the example, where you put in all of the exact same copy and text. That's not what we're testing. We're testing the creative itself, and we do the same thing for creative three under that angle. Change the image once again, add media, add our third image ad, or video if you're using video, and we'd put it right in here, hit next, copy it back in, done. And now, our angle one, which is now veterans for this example, is complete and are ready to start testing. So, this one has a $25 budget. Now, we have our completed ad set here, angles, veterans, three creatives underneath that angle representing that with a strong headline. And it's going to be spending $25 a day specifically for these three creatives. Now, let's say angle two is for people that are in active duty, right? So, there's veterans, there's active duty. We do the exact same thing that we did up here, but with three new creatives that had strong headlines for active duty members. So, the title of the image ad would be different, the text on it would be different, our copy would be different, all emphasizing that specific angle that we're trying to test. Once we filled all that out, we'd do another two copies of it. So, we'd have image ad one, two, and three representing active duty members. That one would be good to go, and then we do the same thing for the remaining three angles. So, by the time we're completely done, we're going to have one, two, three, four, five angles with three ad creatives under each of those. So, total of 15 image ads is what we'd be testing in this scenario. I just duplicated them real quick. This is what your campaign would look like. This is going to be spending $25 between these three, $25 between these three, 25 here, 25 here, 25 here. Once you have all of that filled out, we're going to hit publish. Facebook is going to review it and then start running your ads at 12:00 a.m. the next day or whatever time frame that you set it for. So, for this example, we'd be spending $25 on each of these angles, so $125 a day. And again, you want to run these over 7 days to get a full fair test. And so, what might actually happen is that angle one for the veterans might get a $10 cost per purchase, and angle two for duty might get a $60 cost per purchase. And that's the exact testing that we want to be doing as beginners and just starting off. We want to know that if we reach out to veterans and sell this product to them, they like it a lot more and resonate with it a lot more than active duty members do. And once you get that information back from Facebook, you're going to say, "Oh, well, I should scale those up and then go back onto my Shopify website and change the copy on it to represent veterans more cuz they I this product a lot." And if all of them are working really well, well, great. Then scale it up as is. And if none of them are working out very well, it's time to go back to the drawing board. It's not over yet. You want to come up with three to five new angles and test those out. And do that maybe two to three times before you can move on to the next product if you're drop shipping specific. This is the easiest way to test and set up your first Facebook ad campaign. This strategy is super simple. You don't need to over complicate it. All we're doing right now is testing these angles and finding out which one is the winning angle and then scaling that one up and optimizing. And all optimization looks like, let's say veterans were the best sellers here and they targeted really well. Now all we have to do is go back onto Canva Photoshop and create more advertisements and start testing the creatives against each other. Because one creative can really be eye-catching and the other one might just be terrible and no one clicks on it. But we know that the angle of veterans works, we just need to come up with a bunch of different creative tests. And then you'll eventually hit another winning creative, so that's your subtest, and then you scale that one up by increasing its budget. So that's the 2026 ad strategy. It's super simple, very straightforward. You don't need to over complicate it. It has been working for me for over seven years. We're still doing it to this day and you can see right here. Today alone we've got a $30 cost per purchase on this exact campaign setup. Let me show you. Just with different products. Yep, 18 and 20. And you can see here our general polos, so everything like not affiliated with this certain group of people is also performing extremely well at $30 cost per purchase today, which is very, very profitable. Again, don't over complicate it and I know I speak fast sometimes in these videos and they're harder to follow, but slow it down, pause it, set up your ad campaign with me. And also make sure to watch all of my other tutorial videos on my YouTube channel. I break everything down, full transparency within this brand. And I hope you guys enjoyed this one. I hope it really helped you guys out. Let me know how it goes. And also let me know if you have any questions down below in the comments. All right, guys. I hope you enjoyed this video. Again, I hope it was helpful. And if it was, remember to subscribe because I post content like this every single week. Thank you guys so much for watching and I'll see you guys next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jacedigitalss [13 likes]: After testing and failing a few times, I finally found a winning product. Sales started coming in consistently. That month, I made over $20,000 in profit.

It didn’t happen overnight. it happened after frustration, patience, and persistence. The biggest lesson? Success in dropshipping isn’t about luck. It’s about learning, adjusting, and not quitting when it gets hard.
  2. @jessl5106 [2 likes]: Wooohoo! I got 5 sales from doing an ABO campaign on a $50 daily budget. My first time running ads :)
  3. @epsenses [1 likes]: I just have something to say: WOW. You are a champ! Thank you!
  4. @djpaulanthoni [1 likes]: That was great Austin thank you VERY much for the simplistic breakdown. I had been using CBO campaign last couple months and pretty bad ROAS and I also did think I made some pretty good ad angles that Facebook just wasn't spending on and your strategy makes a lot more logical sense. I'm re-energized to rebuild my ads today!
  5. @ajlowenthal5456: So if I do a daily budget for like 50 and don’t get sales for a whole week I’m basically just losing 490?
  6. @alejandrovaldez1339: How would I apply this to a dropshipping product ? If I make a Shopify store using ai and I only have one product, how would I expand the marketing to insta and facebook since it’s not my own brand?
  7. @punkstarllc: what too do when face book disables my ad account? i always  able to run them for like 1 day them my ad accounts get disabled from payment issues. and im not understanding it if i paid for it initially and it worked why a day later they disabled it first payment issues
  8. @olshenry1: Followed all the advice, set up my campaigns but its been 3 days and hasn't spent any money at all. Any advice?
  9. @RaymondWillis-f2r: Thank you Austin, awesome video! With my new FB business AC, can I begin creating ads or should I warm the account up first? I'm hearing mixed views about this question?
  10. @SaalighSamsodien-rt7kx: when I go to customer events its says Facebook and Instagram app is disconnected?
  11. @JamieHade: How much would you say you need to start?
  12. @soniavarghese-b5d: so you recommend abo campaign for testing right?
  13. @brianedwardsu7404: only here for the CLICHE COMMENTS
  14. @davidemoretti5888: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  15. @aidanmerril: Do you need a well-designed store to make sales?
  16. @dotstoredomains: This breakdown of Meta Ads is pure gold for ecom sellers. We would love to sponsor your next video - let's connect :)
  17. @MdAkib-fz9xg: how to make bangla ?
  18. @MdAkib-fz9xg: from bangladesh
  19. @LeadoMarketing: Strong point on simplifying Meta Ads in 2026: the winners usually aren’t the “best” single ad, they’re the angles and hooks you can repeat across multiple creatives while keeping the structure clean. That’s where public competitor tracking helps too — with Leado Marketing, teams can spot which messages, offers, and formats competitors keep reusing across Meta ads and landing pages, then test the pattern instead of guessing.
  20. @Mehtab-b2d: thanks for all the information, i wanted to ask, what do you use triple whale for?

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: From Beginner to Expert (1 Hour Masterclass): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the one-hour Facebook ads masterclass where I will teach you how to launch your ads that work even if you are a beginner, even if your budget is small, or even if you have been disappointed with your ads many times before. My goal for this 1 hour Facebook ads training is simple. I will make you confident in creating Facebook ads. I'll show you the exact systems that I and my students use to get leads, customers, and sales. This is not technical. It won't be complicated either. I want you to really understand how Facebook ads work and how you can use them to grow your business. Let's first talk about why Facebook ads are still worth it. Everyone is still here . The majority of the population, especially if you're here in the Philippines, has more Facebook users, right? So everyone was there scrolling, everyone was looking for attention. So whether you have a business online or offline, you need a way to get their attention. Second, you don't need a big budget on Facebook ads. I've been taught by many students who started from just Php150 to Php200 per day and are making money. And the most important thing here is that we have updated strategies. The one that works until next year. There have been some changes, yes, but once you know the flow, you'll be solid in your strategy. Let's talk about the big picture, the funnel and flow. How do ads work? You first need to understand what is called flow. I'll teach you three simple steps on how Facebook ads work. Number one is people see you. This is your ad. These are picture ads. These are video ads. Carousel ads that you see on newspeed are sponsored. Secondly, the flow of that is they click you. Once your ad is shown, what people will do is click on it. It can go to the website, it can be on your page, it can also be on the Facebook inbox or the lead generation form. It depends on the goal you set. Third, and last, you close the sale, chat, follow-up and automation. As long as there is a next step, this is the most important of all. Not just ads. The goal of your ad is to generate leads or sales. So there's no magic in the ads. But if step one is wrong, then no matter how good your product or offer is, your Facebook ads still won't reward you . So let's talk about it here in module 1, let's set up your ads step by step. Okay coach, now I've convinced you. Why still have Facebook ads ? Oh, so now, let's do some handson . We will do the most basic but most effective setup. So, step one, how are Facebook ads created? Step number one is to create a campaign. Go to the ads manager. So how do you do it? This is what you will do. I'm now here at the ads manager. So all you need to do is go here to create a campaign. Here we go. Then what you do there is choose an objective here. For those wondering which J, how did you end up on this website? So all you have to do is go to Ads Manager. I'll put the link below this video so you can just click adsmanager.facebook.com. That's the link. And take note, once you have a Facebook profile, as long as your profile is active, you automatically have a Facebook Ads Manager. So that's the personal ads manager. If you want to become a business manager, that's also possible. Ah, you just enter your email. But at the beginning, what I'm showing you right now, how much have we spent on this one ad account, I've spent around 2.1 million on this one of my ad accounts. And personal ads manager. The business managers I handle are different. Okay. So, let's go back to step one. Create a campaign. Coach, what's the campaign? Create. Click this. Then you will see create new campaign here. You will be asked by Facebook. Of course, your objective needs to be exactly in line with your goal. So let's break it down one by one. There are different types of objective here. There is awareness here. There you go. Traffic, engagement, leads, promotion and sales. So, here we are with awareness. Maybe this is what you choose automatically. Awareness is designed to. If you want, it's right here, show your ads to the most people, right? That you will be remembered. This is mostly what big brands with big budgets use. Imagine you see a sponsored ad and then you see 1000 engagement likes. Most of the time when you see that it's sponsored, what they're using it for is an awareness campaign because they don't have anything, their main offer is to buy it . So one of the examples let's say Jollibee. When Jollibee advertises on Facebook, it always uses awareness ads . He no longer needs to sell or use sales or traffic going down to Jollibee's website . Because Jollibee's only goal is brand awareness. So coach, how does he start? Like me? I am an online seller, I have a product for sale. I don't have that big a budget yet. So let's break that down. Now, coach, can I recommend this to you, especially if you're a beginner and just starting out? To be honest, I can't recommend him. So let's proceed to the next one. Next is traffic. So let me explain what traffic is. Traffic means people who come to the website. There you go. These could be those going to the funnel or to your website or to your online stores. But this is my experience based on my 10 years experience doing ads, running ads. If your campaign is just about traffic, don't expect Facebook to give you sales or conversions or sales down from your ads. Because the traffic is designed so that Facebook can give you website visitors. There is no guarantee that you will have conversions or sales. Because Facebook knows that people just like to click like that. So I can't recommend him either. But if your goal is just traffic to your website but you're not after sales like monetization or brand awareness to the website, yes, that's possible. But if you're after leads and sales, don't do a traffic campaign. Okay? Next. Engagement. This is getting deeper and deeper, right? Engagement is getting more messages. You can also buy them from the message in your Facebook inbox. If you want, you can also use the engagement campaign to get video views, post engagement, page light or event response. Most of the people I've met, the students I've taught, use engagement, which is okay. This is perfect for beginners. First of all, engagement is good because apart from giving you inquiries, for example, page inbox, they will inquire about send message campaigns, when you see the ad, click on send message, you will go to the inbox. I believe you have experienced it, so that's what makes it worthwhile. When you see sponsored, you click on the ad, then you go to the page inbox, someone did something, someone chatted, you chatted. Engagement is his tool. possible engagement. So it's okay if you want to test your ads first and you want to get lots of inquiries about what you offer or your business. If you also want post engagement, more likes and shares or video views about your ads, engagement is okay. And it's okay if you're the one closing the sale engagement yourself. Okay? Next. This is perfect for those who want to get leads. This is perfect for those who could be in the car industry or could also be in the real estate industry. Isn't the goal of those in real estate more leads so they can talk to more people, get more trips, and get more people close to the property they are offering? But the challenge here is, it's just emails. You don't get his Facebook. So if you look at this engagement, when the person you're calling chats with, you prequalify them because you can see their Facebook profile to see if they're legit. That's the advantage. But if you want quality leads, then you're the one who's going to call, right? You yourself will be the one who will call down the leads you collect. You can get the phone number, email, and name from there. And he's okay. It's okay to use lead generation. Okay. So, app promotion, let's just exclude it. But if you use app promotions or you like an app, you can use app promotion if you promote the app in ads, this is the right campaign for you. Okay. Next, this is the very bottom of the objective. My favorite of all. Why is that? Why is it my favorite? Because it's a sale. But Facebook doesn't say that it's really just sales. He is optimized. Yes. For sales campaigns. But the objective is what Facebook will give you. Number one, you can inquire. Okay? You can convert this sale into sending a message. It's also possible to have engagement in your ads. But still, you can still generate sales. So I'll show you one of my campaigns. As you can see here, um here you can see I have a campaign. So I've spent 50,000 51,000 here. Let's have a little fun. There you go, Php50,000. Then the conversion is Php160. The cost per purchase is Php3. Okay. And Rowas is 3.24. Not bad. Meaning to say I spent 50,000 and got back 167,000. And that campaign isn't bad. So I still have many completed campaigns here. I also have a lead campaign. There, I also have other campaigns, website purchases, conversions, and various other things. So, I'm showing this to you because I want you to have an idea about the campaigns. These are called metrics. Let's talk later . That's it, you see, this is a metric. There, I have complete registration and so much more. So, let's go back to how the campaign is set up. So, what we're going to do is click create and I want to show you the sales campaign. Okay. I will do it if I click continue. Okay. So once I clicked continue, you'll see here there are three levels that you'll see here. So new sales campaign, new sales ads set and new sales ads. So don't be confused. That's just three. I will discuss by level. Level one campaign. Level two is add set in short settings. New sales. Just add this. That means add creative. This is what you see: the picture, the video, the carousel. That's it, that's the one. Okay. So where do you start? Will you start? At the bottom, in the middle or here? You can start here, but to make the process seamless, start here with the best option. Okay? Let's click. There you go. Let's start here and then I'll explain it to you. So here you will see a campaign name. That means it's up to you. You can change this campaign name. The name of the business, the name of your offer, whatever it is. That's what you'll put in so that your ads manager is also well organized. Okay? Buying type. Ads are optional. Don't ever change this. By default auction is the best. Okay? Auctions. Sales just in case you want to trade, you can still do it here, but we're just selling . Okay? Advantage plus catalog is off by default. Let's turn it off first. Let's come back later. Now budget. You can see here that there is an advantage plus. And when you see this icon, okay? This icon means that Facebook is using something called AI learning or Facebook is making decisions with the help of AI. Okay. So if you've heard of the updates like uh Meta Andromeda so that's pretty deep but it's basically just AI. Okay? So there you go. Opportunities to improve your performance with Facebook's AI. So let's just leave it at that, of course. Um next is campaign budget adset budget. Meaning to say when it comes to campaign budget, the budget will come from there or you will set the budget at the top. When you reach the budget, you'll set it for the next one. So what's the best Coach J campaign budget so you don't have to struggle anymore. So set your budget here. And I said earlier that you can start with like 200, 300 or 500, especially when you're just starting out. So let's say let 's start with Php500. Okay? PH00 daily budget. Next AB test which is optional. You can explore it so you can just test the creative and then decide. Okay. But um, let's get straight to the point. Okay. So audience segment reporting. So by default I believe you don't have this because you don't have an audience yet, you don't have a segment yet. So here in Facebook ads, you can collect the audience that has bought from you before, watched your videos, visited your website, you can segment them and then use that as a reference for the targeting so that your ad is most likely to improve. But you'll do it later if you haven't already. But if you already have it, make sure you do this. Okay? You created audience segment reporting. You will automatically be asked if you don't have one yet. And if you already have it, just select it. Okay. Special ad category. Dat um declare category if applicable. So are you in financial products and services? Employment, housing. So this is real estate. Yes. You can click on that. Employment. Are you recruiting um uh workers and so on. But if you're selling a product, you're selling your item, you're a business, disregard. Okay? Don't worry. So, we're done and we'll click next. Here we go. Below you will see the next one. There, let me just show you. Click next. Then we'll end up here in the middle. There you go, middle. So, let's hurry up, right? So, let's add a set name. Okay, add set name. So, we'll come back to that later . Okay. So now you can see here there are conversions, okay? Or what is called a conversion location. Where will you send people who see your ad? So here there is a website and calls. Then there's also an app installer. Then if you want a single specific one, click on it. Then this is what I told you earlier. It could be just a website, they could just call you, or it could also be message destinations. That means going to your inbox page. And I believe if you don't have a website yet, this is what you can use. You just have to do it manually. But if you have a website. Okay? So let's say message destination. Let's click on that. Then that will change too. So let's say this is my page, Gregorio ads expert. So I use this to promote my trainings and then my events. So here you can see that when they see my ad, they will go to the inbox page. So that's it. Just select it here just in case your page isn't selected. Just select your specific page here. Okay? So, um, that's what you're going to use. Okay? So maximized number of conversations. Don't be confused by this. There is a maximized number of conversions. This means the number of people who bought, became leads, and made purchases. So he converts. That's the meaning. Conversations meaning to say this is the one most likely to inquire and chat with you. That's why it's on default, this is the best setting. Don't put him here. Okay? Conversations. What about coach J? If it's a website, then so be it . He will change. When a website is optimized now by conversions. By default. There you go. Conversions. Maximize value. The conversations are gone here because they're being directed to your website . Not really where. That's why no conversation will happen because from their ad, they'll click on your website and then they'll buy from there. Okay. So that's how he works, guys. So since we clicked on the website and then we're set by conversions, there's also something called a data set here. This is called a pixel. So the pixel is what you make when you don't have a pixel yet. You will see here create data set. Follow the instructions then create pixels. Just call it pixel. Then take note. You should only create a pixel if what you offer or your business has a website. If what you offer is a sales process, you have a landing page, you have an online store. But if not, okay, if not, back to message destination here we go. To avoid complications, maximize the number of conversations. Here we go. Then ah you can see here um you could get lower cost per for purchase by maximizing number of conversions with meta uh with purchase event. Optional by the way. Okay. Don't follow him for now. So now you just get down here. And this is what was good before, it didn't have live video ads. So this is perfect when you're doing live selling. Okay? If you're selling live on Facebook, let me know. You type live selling at the bottom. So if you're doing live selling, this is the best. But he's not real time. Because the approval of ads is not real time. So how will your live video ad work when your ads are sponsored but live? That's possible, guys. What you have to do ahead of time before going live is have your ad ready. You just have to set it up. Okay? Okay? Then go live. Of course, you can't rush your live. Maybe if the live show usually lasts 1 hour, 2 hours, 3 hours, something like that. Then set up your ads right away. Then click on it and select it. Then this is upcoming. If you want it scheduled, that's fine . Study that. Scheduled live on Facebook is possible. But what he'll do is the current live, he'll find the live one and then that's what he'll advertise now. Okay? Here we go. So let's say you don't go live. Of course we'll give in. Ah, just click on disable. Okay? Next. Add schedule and budget. So here I suggest that you can just skip it or you can schedule it. Let's say you want your ad to run on December 1. Let's say your campaign is one more day away, your product is one more day away. You still have one person to chat with. So schedule him on a specific date. He's okay. Then here it is Philippines standard time. So schedule him/her for the best time of the day. Example 8:00 a.m. What time can you chat or what time do you want your ads to run? You can schedule ads. Okay? So just change it here. Just type 6 6: a.m. 6: a.m. Philippine Standard Time. Okay. So now, you can send an end date if you want your ad to be scheduled to end and you don't have to pause it manually. Just put it here and your ads will automatically pause. He cannot be deleted. He'll just stop so you don't overbudget your campaign. That's okay too. So let's say there is no end date. Our ads just keep going, right? Let's continue. So here there is show more settings. Click this . Then there is budget scheduling. Click this. Budget scheduling. Skip it. So if it's the end date, just uncheck it. Okay. So here we are. This one is optional. Don't pay any attention to it. So our audience, you will see, has AI again. Meaning to say Facebook uses AI. So here there is something called an audience. These are the people you want to see what your business has to offer. So how does it happen and how does Facebook know that they are the only ones who will see it? Number one, there is something called location based targeting. That is, where in the area do you want to run? For example, you advertise and your ads are in Ukraine, Russia. That's not possible, or you're doing it worldwide and your product is only in Metro Manila. That's not possible . The first thing you should ask is the location. Where exactly is the place that is just my market? Okay. If it's a digital product, it can be Philippines all or OF. So how is he here? By default it is set to Philippines because you are in the Philippines. What about a coach if I want to go by city? So just type Metro Manila here. That state means NCR. What if I only want a specific city in Metro Manila? Let's say it's Quezon City. That's possible too. Quezon City. This will appear in the City. Let's zoom in. Then you'll see something here that's plus 25 mi. So I suggest current city only. Click here so your ads will only be shown throughout Quezon City. Just QC. So now you can see the Facebook users in Quezon City. estimated. There are so many. So in QC there are almost 39 million people. Let's just say 39 million. These are not what we would call multiple accounts, okay, or multiple Facebook users. But imagine 39 million people in Quezon City alone. It's a big market, isn't it? It's too wide . Okay. So QC, you can change that. It can be a province, it can be Central, Cebu, it can be in Mindanao, it can also be somewhere like Cavite, if you're from Laguna, Batangas, you can also do it specifically. So I'm from Cavite, I can target specific cities in Cavite like General Trias, Cavite. Okay? So now you have an idea and those are the first questions before the interest or whatever it is that you are interested in. And this is the good thing about Facebook, right? So once you set that specific location, let's now go to uh show more ad control. Okay. So here there is something called age. Okay? Age means to say where to start? What age bracket will see my ad? The example I'm offering is only for those 25 plus. So put 25. Okay? That's up to 60. So it will be reduced to only 32 million. Okay, it's reduced because he excluded the 24 to 18 year olds. Okay? So that's how he works. Now, suggest audience show settings. Okay? Then when you click on this, something called audience settings will appear. So here, um we started with 25. You can bracket it like 25 to 60 or depending on what you're offering. So let's say 25 to 60 . So in terms of gender, it can be man, woman, you can choose. Let's say men can also reduce it. So almost half. So there are 15 women. So it seems like it's equal to 14 million then 15 million women in QC. So let's say for men. Okay, 14 million. Okay. Next detailed targeting. So detailed targeting is the specific interest, behavior or demographics that you want to show. Other advertisers are suggesting that you don't put any interest. It's up to Facebook. Yes, it works. But for those who are just starting out and want to try Facebook ads, you're just learning the ropes. You're not very expert when it comes to addressing. Um, I highly highly recommend that you do this. Okay? But if you're getting better at messaging, when it comes to adve, you can skip him. So let 's start here with detail targeting. So detail targeting has three segments here. Demographics, interest and behavior. So when you click on it, it will appear there. There you go. Demographics, interest and behavior. So let me give you an example. Demographics. What are you parents, all parents? Click this. All. So that means to say that in QC there are only 1.3 million male parents. Okay? Let's go back because this is huge. So that's all for now . So there are 5.1 million. A lot more. Okay 5.1 million. The one who put in only 1 million. But they put the additional 4 million women in Merid. So I don't know. So that's it, here we go. Then let's go back to detail targeting. Brows interest. Okay. What are your target's interests? You offer one for parents. So industry can be here, fitness can be here. So hobby, let's say uh food and drink. There, there's cooking here. So since those are the parents, we can give an example of them being fond of cooking and baking. Okay? Let's say you have a baking academy or you have a bake shop. That's it. So we put that here. Okay? There are still many audiences. Next is behavior. So one behavior that you can put in place if you want to know if they are buying is that you can target engageers. But besides that, there are many other behaviors. So behaviors uh here you will see, here we go. That's multiple behavior. Here we go. Here we go. We have purchasing behavior . Engage shoppers. Okay. We now have 21 million. But he multiplied. Coach, how did that happen? Why was it only 5 million before it became 21 million ? So it's a mixed interest because you put it all together. So how can you be less or more confident about who will see your ad? So what I'm going to do is engage shoppers. I'll remove the parents. Okay? But I want it like this. I'll remove the um demographics. I'll start with interest only baking 13.9 million. That's all. So maybe the parents don't either. So how can I make sure that only the parents will see this? There is an option here to define further. This means that all parents will be more precise. You can type here we go 3.4. He didn't jump much. Then engage shoppers. So you can use this again. Define further. engage shoppers to Okay, this is the idea here. This is the strategy to dive deeper or go deeper down into what you are targeting. Okay? You get the idea that you get it. I started here. We defined forer. Then we did it again. Then engage. So still, the 2.8 million to 3 million audience is too big. You can't spend this even if you have a 500,000 or 1 million budget. That's big . Maybe you can reach this for about half a million . But I said, even if you start with 500 a day, you won't be able to reach all of this. Your audience or market is so big, by the way, that's just down to baking interest. What about the other other um um ah target audience or business that you offer. Okay. So, next you will see here there is added transparency. This is optional. You can skip him. Don't worry. Just skip him. Placement. I highly recommend to use Advantage Plus on. So Facebook takes care of it. So um so far based on my experience, Facebook's advantage plus is okay because it's really for advertisers who don't know the proper placement, where it should be, who the audience is and so on. It helps. Okay. So we're done. We're done here. What you're going to do here is click next at the bottom. There you go. You see this. Click next. Then don't publish it. Of course, what we're going to do is create an ad here now. So what you're going to do is this. You can just put your existing ad here. That's what I believe below, okay? Um here is the existing create ad manually boost post. There, select a post. But what I want is for you to create the ad yourself. Don't post on your page and then select it. Your ads. So it's not best practice because the options when we post are very limited. So by using the ad creative in the ads manager, you have more freedom to change, explore, and update what you should put there. So let 's break it down one by one, don't worry. So create an ad. So let's say what we want is a single image or video. So let's just set up a single image and a creative image ad. So like I told you earlier, baking. So of course we're looking for a baking ad. So first I went to chat gpt.com. You're familiar with chat gpt it's free. There you go. So now I want us to create an ad where the ad is Here we go. Let's just log in. Log in now. Okay. Here we go. Okay. We will now create an ad. So hey chat GPT. Okay. Help me create an ad creative for my baking. Let's just say baking academy. Okay . I need an additional copy. This means that we can add copy to the text one by one. So, I entered but it's okay. So, this is straight to the point guys. We haven't been given any context yet. But if you are familiar with chat GPT or AIs, the AI is better if you upload or give it exact context or um details about what's in your offer. That's how chat GPT works. I just want to quickly show you. So um let's go straight to the pain. So let's say your baking academy has this as the headline, this as the primary text. This is his copy, straight to the point. The speed. So now I want it. He is here. Add creative image prompt. So additional. So add creative image prompt. This is what he will do. Image prompt. Here we go. So now I'll chat this with chat GPT. That's it. He gave a lot. Okay, I'll chat. So a bright warm kitchen. There you go. He will create an image. You can use Gemini, Nano Banana. So when it comes to Gemini, I'll show you Gemini or Google Gemini, confirm and we'll compare. So same image prompt. Then what I'll do is use nano banana then submit. So now chat GPT is working, while chat GPT is working, Nano Banana is also working. So let's see who will be the first to submit to Chat GPT and right now it's still loading. And here on Google Gemini loading and he is done. It takes 30 seconds or less. Learn baking from zero online academy for beginners. And I think he's okay. So let's say this size, guys, you can usually only use it in landscape mode. So I want to um let's say convert let's convert to 1x1 ratio. That means 1 by one square. I just had it converted. So let's get back to the chat GPT if it's been a while, right? He's still not there. So let's just stick with Gemini or Nano Banana because they generate faster and are better. Okay, here we go. All he'll do is convert the same details into the picture one by one. Please show the same details and that's it. It seems like you guys have a professional graphic artist who creates this kind of design. Okay, let's download it. And that's what we'll use. Okay, I'll just download it. Download. While downloading, there is one more ratio that needs to be taught to you. Convert to um 9x 16. I'll just save it. Okay. 1x1 then 9x1. So, um, coach, what size is 9x1? This is the vertical or TikTok size that you see or use. So, that's basically it. That's how he is, that's how big he is. Allr so next is the duration of Chot GPT. Hmm. Learn baking from scratch. But hm, I like Kemini better. I'm happier here. So I downloaded it too. I'll just stick with Gemini. But for the text or the add copy chat GPT, you have it, I think Chat GPT is better when it comes to texts. So he's going to download it. It just takes a while to download. So let's download it . So let's go back to chat GPT. So what he did here is he generated earlier. Let's go back to the top of the headline, primary text and here we go. Then call to action. So now where to put Coach J? Do you want to learn to bake even with zero experience? Okay. The framework is nice. Do you mean their problem is zero experience? I want to learn to bake. Awesome. Here we go. What I'm going to do is upload an image ad first. First of all, you'll do a video because it takes time. You can shoot a video, that's okay. But the fastest way, especially if it's your first time adding, is to run ads using picture ads first. Image ads. Then we'll upload it. I just uploaded it. Download. Select. Okay. He's uploading. So as you can see here, we've uploaded it. So as you can see here, we have uploaded the creative. So two. So I'll use this one by one first. Then I will use this later. So this is our first. One by one. Click next. Then let 's move on to the next one. Okay. Then you'll see here that one by one is exactly right here. But coach, here in the vertical, it looks like there's a blank here. When I click on the 9x1, the craft disappears. He is crafted. So they won't know what he is. If he's like this, he'll be cut to pieces. Okay. So now what you're going to do is replace. Then click here. We generated it earlier. Okay. Back. Oh, that's him. Did you see? And by the way, there's also a horizontal one here. This one is optional. This size is just as good as this one. There you go. So we don't generate anything like this anymore. Ah 1x 91x 1. It's optional because it can be cropped. But if you want, that's okay too . Okay, coach. What's next? Just click next to what you see. Once you click next, there will be a text asking you. So here we'll put the primary text and then the headline. So earlier in the chat, we generated GPT. This is the headline. This is him. Okay. Just copy and paste. Primary text. Of course you will change it based on your exact offer. You still need to read it. So let's just click next. Ah, let's go here to the text by the way. Um okay coach, what if I want to do it later? He can do it a little bit. Okay, let's do it later . Just click next. Then skip and continue. Don't use AI generated ones. Skip ahead. Then just click done. So here there are additional enhancements. You can either skip it or let AI decide what the best enhancement is based on the creative that was submitted. Click done. Now, just in case you forgot, Coach J, to put in that primary text, the headline, it's here. Don't worry. There you go. So, primary text, I'll paste the long text from earlier here. This is it. So, let's go back. I'll copy the headline here again. Then of course I'll paste the headline here. And as you can see here, he is gone. Did you see? This is him. Let's zoom in. Struggling, huh. You're struggling to bake. Ah, are your cakes always a failure, burnt, floating or soggy in the middle? Don't worry, you're not the problem. It just lacks the right guidance. Good news, you can now learn baking basics to advanced techniques. So this is just straight to the point . Okay? Then you'll see the Instagram ad and then we'll preview it in advance . So me, I always use this advance preview so I can see all the ads how they look in the reels, in the Facebook story. Now, if you used the one by one earlier, it's crafted here, it's blank because you used a different ratio. He was right there in the placements. That's what I'm saying. You should have uh multiple uh uh sizes of your creative. And using AI, you can have it do that even if you're not a graphic artist. Here we go. He has many more. Okay. Advantage Creative, you can see the optimizations he does here. Add music which is awesome. Add animations. Um Plex Media which is optional. Add music. Visual touch. Overlay. That's okay. That's okay. So now he's okay. Call to action is send message. If they're going there to send a message, send a message. Stick with it. Okay? Stick to it. Now here there is something called advantage enhancement. If you saw that, you used it earlier, you're aware, just stay with him. Okay? Next, chat builder. So here in the chat you'll see when they send a message, this is what they'll receive, which most of the time is the template. Hi name, please let us know. How can we help you? Questions. How much is the tuition fee? What equipment is needed to bake? Is there a certificate after the training? Guys, before Facebook was just a template, now it's generic because Facebook has AI . Once you create an ad, during the ad creation, that's also the template that Facebook will provide based on the context of your offer. And you'll see that here you won't have to think about questions anymore. So it seems like it's good to go. But just in case you want to edit it, just click here. There you go. Then you can change it. For example, if you don't like frequently asked questions, change them. Then you want an automated response. For example, is there tuition P? Yes. For only 199. Okay. Sorry. I just click edit again. That's it. What did he just do? Loading. Then let's click edit. There you go. So you can adjust. This can be yes for only let's say 99 let's say 10,000 right? Of course, that's a baking academy . So how much intuition PE is when they click on this. These are frequently asked questions. When they click on that, someone will reply. Yes, for only 9999. So, you can also put your website here where they can enroll or details of where they are, what the enrollment process is, or if it's a product, what the process is for ordering. How much is the offer, and the details on how they can order. So the same goes for additional frequently asked questions. You just need to answer here. Those are the ones you can also skip and then answer manually. But it's better to have an automated response that's the most uh straight answer. Then just answer them when they have follow-up questions in your page inbox. So he's done. I'll just leave it and that's what will happen. So what's next Coach J? Once I set this all up, you'll see a campaign score here. When it reaches 90, which is a good sign, it turns green. We can say from zero experience when it comes to Facebook ads pages, when you reach 90, I congratulate you, I believe you know what you're doing. So meaning to say good for publishing that. That's the score. So what you do is click publish and let Facebook approve your ad. Usually the approval process for Facebook ads takes 30 minutes, an hour, sometimes it takes 24 hours. But that's the maximum. If it's been more than 24 hours and it hasn't been approved, there may be a problem with your ad, there may be an error or it may be subject to manual approval. If it passes manual approval, yes. But if not, Facebook will disapprove it. as much as possible. Um, don't overpromise. Don't claim. Um, avoid the things that are forbidden on Facebook. Learn the before, the before and after, that's absolutely forbidden. Those big claims, promise. Get rich quick schemes are not allowed. That is absolutely forbidden on Facebook ads. Okay? But if your business is legit, you have something to offer, that helps people, go ahead. You are doing the right thing. So what you have to do before you publish is make sure that you organize this new sales campaign, as I told you earlier . So let's say how do I organize him? Um, I'll do a sales campaign here, then I'll put a baking academy here. Okay. Next. Advertisement. In the ad set , I usually put the location here and then what I'm targeting is optional. Location in age only. Because you know what the interest is . But you can put him in. So here you will put the location. Location. So I just put the location but put NCR or Metro Manila or QC there. Next age. Did you say age 20? Next, the interest is optional, but you can enter it for reference. Um, baking, that's it. That's it. Location NCR or QC age 25 to 50. That's it. Then the interest is baked so that when you go to your ads manager, you immediately know that this is the interest that I targeted, that worked, that gave you a lot of inquiries or sales, so you don't have to open it up and check what their interest is, right? Decision making is faster. Allr so next is below just put um add number one here. Usually like this. Add number one baking academy. So how is that add? Ah, you can say picture ad or image ad here. Picture ad number one Baking academy. If you have another picture, you can have it made by chat, GPT or Gemini, picture ad number two variation Baking Academy so you know too. Okay? But the Baking Academy is optional. It's also in the sales campaign. Allr so after that, hit publish. This is what you see below. Just click publish and your ads will start running and you'll get lots of sales. Now you know how to set up Facebook ads? Guys, this is the secret when it comes to Facebook ads. Targeting is also not the reason why your ads aren't working. What I showed you earlier, yes, it helps with demographics, interests, behavior. But always think about what people see first in your ad? The creative one. Okay? Your message right there in the ad. The ad itself, because if your ad is ugly, it won't be noticed and won't work. No one will inquire. That's why it's important to study , to improve your skills, when it comes down to it, I'll give you a formula on how to apply what I want to teach you. There is something called a hook. The hook is the goal is to hook them, to stop them in the first 3 seconds. And how can you stop that person in the first 3 seconds? An example is telling the people you want to show your ad to what their problem is. Okay? Say for example, not knowing how to bake. Well, he's tried before but his baking still wasn't successful. Are you struggling? Just like the one in the copy earlier if we go back. Here we go. Are you struggling to bake? Always fail. Okay? Your cakes always fail . Is it fire? That's a problem. What is the solution? Here we go. I'll show you. Don't worry. Okay? Which is what you're doing now, you're not alone. Okay, I feel you. So, good news, you can learn the baking basics. At Baking Academy, we will teach you how to make the perfect moist cake. How to bake soft bread without fancy equipment. So, that's the desire of momshies who want to learn how to bake. In short, the process is short, direct, and very relatable . And one thing I also want to share when it comes to advertising that can help you is what's called storytelling. Storytelling, it helps people connect. To you, why are you doing that academy? Why are you teaching, why did that solution come up that you can help other people who are having difficulty when it comes to baking? Straight to the point but you don't need drama. It just needs to be clear, simple, and not messy. Okay? Last thing. Even if you have a hook, a solution, a desire, you've given it, you've provided a story, but you haven't said anything at the end, nothing at all. The CTA or call to action is important. Message us if you want to enroll. Click the button below if you want to enroll. Click the button below or click the link below if you want to learn more. Okay? Gets? So I also have some sample creative strategies that I want to share with you that I believe will help you continue to develop your skills when it comes to Facebook ads. This is a creative example in the video. When in a video there is something called a talking head video. This is the one speaking. This example will imitate it. If I make a fuss about this Baking Academy, okay? I will shoot a video using my cellphone or in front of the camera. The call is talking be. And now I'll read what's written down in the add copy of the script. I can also convert that chat GPT into a um readable um ad script. You can see it here, I'll show you. Chat is asking us questions. GPT. Here we go. Short video script. Let me show you. I just type that and it will generate it. So 15 to 30 seconds is very fast because we want to get straight to the point. So now once chat has generated GPT, what I'm going to do is this. Okay, he's in the kitchen, smiling. Do you want to learn to bake even with zero experience? So I'm in front of the camera or on my cellphone. Do you want to learn to bake even if you have zero experience? So scene number two, don't be intimidated. You don't need expensive equipment. You don't even need to be an expert. Coach, what should I do? Will I read it on my laptop? Will I read him on the screen, on my cellphone? How is the strategy? I'll give you a strategy. This is called the friend method. Okay? Let's just call this the friend method. That means friend method. Go to your friend, call him or her, or go to your friend's or any of your friends'. It can also be relatives. Tell him to help you shoot the video. He's not the one who's going to shoot, but his only role is to read the script for you. How will this happen? So what your friend will do, this scene number one, is voiceover. Do you want to learn to bake even if you have zero experience? Look at the camera, your friend is here on the side or behind you wherever, as long as he/she is not visible on the camera. He said, "Friend, read the line first." Then I'll repeat. He said, "Would you like to learn to bake even with zero experience?" He said, "Okay." "Do you want to learn to You can add that. Today, the delivery of messages and the delivery of video ads has emotion, it has power. with energy because if you only read the script challenging and especially when you look at the monitor, you look at the camera, you will get dizzy. Use your friend strategy. Okay, you have many friends, you only need one. Don't be intimidated. Just repeat it line by line. Then in editing, you just crap it out and cut out the portions where the friend is speaking. Then, piece by piece, that's a bit advanced, but that's the best strategy that you can do no matter where you are, whether you're on an airplane, on a plane, on the beach, in the mountains, you can do that strategy. You don't need a laptop or teleprompter or other equipment to create an ad. You see other ads on Facebook that appear to you that you see as if they're on a mountain but are able to run ads. You're on an airplane, somewhere else, on the beach, but you seem to know exactly what you're talking about. Most of the time what they do is they use a friend. Okay, prepare your script and bring your friend with you. Shoot a video, then that's it. Now, addition is before and after creative. So it's important that the before and after doesn't become a very before and after dating. It's possible because the before and after is the old ones into a new one. Okay? For example, the people you helped before who didn't know how to bake, now they have learned. That before and after is what he's going to be using in the so-called client testimonial, which is safe when it comes to ads. What Facebook doesn't like is the before and after, when you were once fat and suddenly become thin, then you show it in ads and then you're selling supplements. That is absolutely forbidden. Okay, next time. Product demo. When you have a product, you need to demo it in ads. Because if you can't demo him when it comes to the ad, let's just say you have a sample of this um Nomadico. If you're familiar with the Nobado brand, what is it? He is a wallet. And if I were to sell this nomad wallet of mine in my product demo ad, would you like an all-in-one wallet? You can put paper on it. Is there a role? There you go. It's all cards, right? You can add a picture. You have a magnet, it's already here. You can instantly get what you need. And if you want to return your cards, it's simple. He's just like this. Then you can hide it. The nice thing about it is that it's very compact, very small. You can put it in your bag, you can put it in your pocket. He's not a hassle. If you want to order, numadiko all inone wallet, click the link below. That's it. That's what I did, it didn't have a script. But you can prepare a screen to make the delivery more structured. Gets? Now, let's talk again. Coach, my ad isn't working. Don't blame me. Your creativity is the one to blame. Change your creative first. Improve your creativity first. Okay. Let's talk about budget and scaling. And I like that it's still beginner friendly. So let's talk about the money or the budget of your ads. Because this is what is most common or scary for those who enter when it comes to Facebook ads. How much will I spend? Earlier, I gave you an example of 500 a day. So in total that's 15k per month. Can I still get off? Can I still increase? It's up to you to always, always start small first on Facebook ads. 300-500 a day so that your budget doesn't get wasted or your budget doesn't get burned during testing pace. Now, when your ads are performing well, you can slowly allocate a larger budget or increase the budget. It depends on your mood. Your ads look like a store. The longer it stays open, the more people will see it. So when it comes to budget increase, if there are sales or there are leads, right? Then continue, why don't you increase the budget? The simple rule when it comes to scaling or budget allocation is, if there are results, increase your budget. Slow, steady but never jump big right away. Let's say you made 500 into 5,000 right away. A bit risky from 500 you can do it like 1,000 a day. Coach, my ads are no longer working. It used to work, but now it doesn't work. If your ads are working, don't panic. Okay? Don't message me, "Cach, what happened to my ads?" I have a simple checklist for this. It's free. Number one checklist is check your creativity. Not catchy possible. The writing is too long. Replace it immediately. If no one pays attention to your ads, there is no conversion, that's a sign that the creation is not good . Number two, you need to check your offer. Does it make sense if I decline your offer? Is what you are offering clear ? Do those who see understand? Number three, check your landing page or chat flow or your admin flow to see if they are closing in on the chat or are they closing in on the sales process. Because there might be a problem with the payment, the link isn't clickable. 'Right ? That's the problem. And number four, this is the most important. Check your patience. Don't immediately edit your ad every 30 minutes or every hour. Let it run 2 to 3 days before you adjust. Apparently one week is best. 5 days, 3 days. That's my best suggestion. This is the future proof strategy I want to share with you. From 2025 to 2026 NB. I run ads since 2015, 10 years ago. But those ads are simple. I'll teach you. This is the winning system you should know . Number one, simple campaign setup. No complicated structure. Number two, strong creativity. Short videos, pictures, clear messages, and what they are reading is not complicated. Number three, weekly testing. Even if your ads are okay , you still need to give yourself time to test other variations, to test other messaging. Okay? So you always have a new winning ad to call. You don't need 20 ads right away, but at least be consistent every week that you have a new ad being released. Number four, retargeting. People who message visit your website or click on your ads or go to your page, watch your videos. Those are called warm markets. Collect them and save them to a custom audience. Just explore it and search for it. Number five, long-term mindset. Facebook ads are like going to the gym. If you want results in your gym, consistency is the secret to fitness. It can't be rushed. Okay? Congratulations. If you've reached this point, you have a solid foundation to run Facebook Ads. This is the next step you will take within the next 24 hours. Let me repeat, 24 hours. Number one, create one simple campaign. Nothing is perfect at first, do it messy. In the beginning, it's okay to make mistakes. You don't know what you're clicking on because it's called familialism. You are making yourself look bad . It's okay. So number two, shoot at least 30 seconds to a minute video ads. The simple talking head. Just use your cellphone and your friend will speak the script for you. Number three, let the ad run for 3 to 4 days. Observe. Learn and adjust later. Remember this, my friend. Anyone can do Facebook ads. No need for a big budget. It also doesn't require great technical skills. You just need the right guide. And the confidence you gained from this video. That will be your pocket money and you can use it to get started here at Fads. Again, this is Coach J. I'm here to help you win. If you learned a lot from this video, I only want one thing. Number one, subscribe to my channel. Number two, comment on your best takeaway from our 1 hour Facebook Ads tutorial. If you learned something and if it was helpful, feel free to share it with your friends, your team, your company because why not, this video is free and without any charge. Once again, if you want to learn more, make sure to follow me, Jrigorio and subscribe to my channel for more content like this. This is Coach Jay. Make today a better than yesterday. Keep safe always and I will see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [14 likes]: Learn How to Run Profitable Meta Ads — Step by Step Course and Tutorials Inside!
REGISTER HERE: https://www.jaygregorio.com/make-more-ads/
  2. @markjacobcatingub1263 [2 likes]: Coach, pano po maging media buyer? Alam ko na po pano mag-setup ng ad campaign sa Meta, kaso parang may kulang ata kasi di nagge-generate ng leads yung mga campaign ko. Real Estate po ang business ng client ko. And tsaka need ko ng mag upgrade ng skills ko. Feeling ko kasi napag-iwanan na ako. :) Thank you at sana mapansin mo.
  3. @EricoarthuroAlemal [1 likes]: Thank you Sir jay sa pag mentor successful aming ads salamat sa payo mo Godbless po🙏
  4. @jocenMartinCaranyagan [1 likes]: Thank you so much coach! very clear and informative!
  5. @annalorainealejo4366 [1 likes]: grabe!!! very timely ang video na ito. zero knowledge pero ngaun nagka idea na at natuto. thank you so much sir jay. praises and glory to Jesus. God bless you sir jay.
  6. @EliasAvila05: thanks Jay 👍
  7. @onlinetroopers8204: Consistency talaga coach .tnx
  8. @cesargatan: Thank you coach ❤ very clear & informative po.
  9. @PamelaAmbos: Thank you  po. pano po pag mag papay na?
  10. @teacherdiane745: wow ang dami kopong natutunan
  11. @PapaJACMoto: ty po sa vid na to laking tulong , anu po ma suggest nyo na objective not well known page sa fb nag a affilliate ng shopee and tiktok?
  12. @DantvLifeStyle: Dumogo ang ilong ko😂
  13. @HealthHomebuddy: Solid coach Jay
So detailed
Mas may natutunan ako dito compare sa paid trainings na mga na avail ko
Thank you so much coach
Question po, for Real estate ads, need ko po ba talaga gawan ng page bawat property na irun ko? Tia
  14. @MommyShar: Thank you po sa free fb ads training lalo na sa creatives part ❤
  15. @MichelleMadrelejos: ang galing! ty for sharing your knowledge
  16. @arlenegomez455: Thank you Sir Jay for your Facebook Ads tutorial. Very helpful and clearly explained.
  17. @evelynsamaniegobrokerofficial: Yes clear lahat
  18. @ABSgymTV: Paano po ito ma connect coach sa affiliate marketing?
  19. @ElliBeauté: Pwde po ba mag run ng Facebook ads na tablet po Ang gamit or need po ng computer talaga?
  20. @thefurbabiesofficial: Sir, question po, same din po ba yung process sa video when it comes to ratio?

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @screenboiler: Once you find the winners do you move them out of the prospecting campaign and into a scaling campaign?
  5. @screenboiler: Does this work for local home service businesses? Like home remodeling and bathroom/kitchen remodeling companies? Spending $100 a day
  6. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  7. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  8. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  9. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  10. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  11. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  12. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  13. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  14. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  15. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  16. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  17. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  18. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  19. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  20. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- Simple Formula to Create Amazing Facebook Video Ads in Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en facebook video ads are one of the most effective types of creatives that you can make but the difference between a great facebook or instagram video ad and one that doesn't perform well at all is huge so in this video i'm going to show you everything you need to create a great facebook video ad that also works on instagram you learn what equipment you need how long to make your videos the style to use and the structure meaning what to say and when as well as some cool little editing tricks that you can use to get more engagement and increase the performance even further first of all let's just dispel the myth that you need fancy equipment and things to make a good video ad all you need a smartphone one with a camera a tripod something to put on you can see i've got this one here and i recommend a lavalier mic if you've got one so that's one of these mics that clip on the reason for that is because audio is the most important part of a video ad sounds weird i know but you can actually get away with the video ad where the picture quality isn't perfect but you can't really get away with one where the audio quality isn't good if the audio quality isn't good people are going to scroll past that really quickly so if you've got those three things it's all you need in terms of the format what i recommend is square or vertical so i would take your video and record it in a vertical or portrait format because that way you can use it on the vertical placements like reels and stories and you can crop it and use it as in a square format on facebook and instagram news feed for example it gives you the most flexibility in terms of where your video ad can run and that's really important because you want to get the most bang for your buck out of every piece of content or every ad that you create and by doing it that way you spread it across the widest range of placements now when it comes to video length i like to aim for 60 seconds or less there is no right or wrong answer when it comes to the optimum length of an ad but the reason i go for 60 seconds or less is again it gives me flexibility in terms of where i place my video ad the limit for reels ads both instagram reels and facebook reels at the time of recording this video it always changes but as of right now it's 60 seconds so if i can get my video ads under 60 seconds they'll run on the facebook news feed the instagram news feed instagram reels facebook reels and pretty much every other placement so that's why i like to go for 60 seconds or less now when it comes to creating a great facebook video ad the most important thing is of course the content and so now let's look at exactly what you should say and when or in other words the structure of the ad the first thing in any ad is what we call the hook and the objective of the hook is to get the attention of your ideal future customer now note there i said of your ideal future customer we don't just want to get anyone's attention and that's why it's not a great idea to get attention by doing things like yelling hey stop check this out don't scroll things like that don't work maybe they work five years ago if ever but it's not an effective way to get attention the better way to get attention is to create a great hook here are my three favorite ways to do that the first one is to go with a contrarian take or a contrarian opinion so the way that you do that is you say something that differs from the traditional sort of views or opinions in your industry something that goes against what most people kind of view as being the truth and the reason this works so well is because if somebody just believes something is being true and then they see somebody who's saying the opposite to that they're usually going to stop and listen either because a they want to defend their point of view we naturally want to defend something that we believe as being a core truth well the other reason is it just invokes a genuine curiosity and you think hey what's this person talking about i just like i'd always just assumed that that was the way things are so here's an example let's say you have a product or a service that teaches people how to get their baby to sleep better as a parent of two young kids this one's applicable to myself so we'll roll with it starting a video ad with a contrarian tape could be something like this you can get your baby to take great naps and sleep through the night without forcing them to cry it out and no it doesn't include bed sharing so what i did right there in that example was i contradicted a common belief in that space which is that you either need to use harsh what they call sleep training methods which is letting your baby cry until they fall asleep without going back in and checking on them or just doing nothing and dealing with it they kind of viewed as the only two options and then at the end there when i said and it doesn't involve bed sharing the belief there is that the only other way to do it is kind of bring them into your own bed which most parents don't want to do because then that means that their sleep is disrupted all night now let's look at another example that's a little closer to home and we'll talk about online courses specifically if i taught people how to sell online courses i could say something like you can sell a seven-figure online course without ever bothering with social media again because the common belief is that well if you want to be in this industry you have to be big into social media to promote yourself and contrarian opinion is well you don't have to do that now the second framework i like to use to create a great hook is to lean into the fears of your audience and that's because for better or for worse as humans we're more likely to move away from pain than we are towards pleasure and so by bringing somebody's attention to a pain or a fear they have that they may not have even known they had they're more likely to take action to move away from that than if you say something positive and ask them to move towards something they actually want strange hey that's human nature so here's an example if we use baby sleep again this one mistake i see parents making is the most common reason i see for babies not sleeping through the night and refusing to take long naps so you can see with that example we're talking about a mistake and so naturally parents want to know what is the mistake and are they making it so they can avoid it we could do the same in the golf niche and here's an example of that if you're a golfer and you're making this mistake with your swing it's probably costing you five to ten strokes every time you play again you can see there it's talking about a mistake so golfers want to know hey am i doing that thing and if they are you know they're going to want to learn how to fix it and the third framework that you can use here to create a great hook is just to simply go with something that evokes curiosity so using an example that applies closely to me i could say something like the way to succeed with facebook ads in a post ios 14.5 world is to use something that i call compounding consolidation now just let you know i literally made that up on the spot there is no such thing as compounding consolidation just to clarify that but you can see what i did there naturally people who are suffering with tracking since the ios 14.5 update are going to be interested in that and by using that method name the compounding consolidation that i just made up that evokes more curiosity because it sounds like ah there's something here that i don't know about this is something i haven't heard of i'm gonna stay and listen to whatever this guy's talking about to see this in action take a look at this really good example now does color grading require expensive equipment and years of education to master absolutely not so once you've got a great hook the next step is to really connect with their pain or struggle or challenge and the reason for that is because it demonstrates to the audience that you really do understand what it is that they're going through and that's important because if you want them to listen to you they really need to believe that you are somebody who understands them and therefore can actually help them solve that problem now this doesn't have to be long or complex if i use my ios 14.5 example i could say something like this since ios 14.5 was released we've seen 25 or more of our conversion events not being tracked in the facebook ad manager that means that making good decisions about the performance of our ads has become extremely difficult okay or if we take the baby sleep example i could say something like this most parents believe that if they want to improve their baby's sleep they can either do nothing or they have to choose these really harsh sleep training methods that leave their baby crying all alone in a room by themselves with no one coming in to check on them but that's just not true you can actually improve your baby's sleep and yours using methods that are both gentle and effective okay again that's as simple as it needs to be you just need to speak a little bit more to that pain or that struggle that your audience is experiencing after that you need to answer the question in your audience's mind which is why should i listen to this person so i like to just add something really simple here and just introduce who you are and what you do so for me i would say something as simple as hey i'm andrew hubbard founder of hubba digital i've managed over 50 million dollars in profitable ad spend for clients all around the world including people like x y and z and i would say a few names of past and present clients that people have heard of if i was to take the sleep example i could say something like hey i'm andrew hubbard i'm a pediatrician and certified sleep specialist who's worked with babies for over 10 years or something like that please note i'm not a pediatrician or a sleep specialist just just to clarify in case anybody's wondering about that that's literally all you need to say here keep it short remember you've got 60 seconds you don't want to waste it on talking all about you the audience just need to know who the heck you are and why to listen after that you're going to talk about your solution so what is it that you're offering and how can you actually help people so if i take the ios 14.5 example again at this point i would say something like this i found a way to track my campaign performance with 99 accuracy so i can continue to make great data-driven decisions and see exactly which campaign ad set and ad is delivering the best performance with any given account this is easy to set up it's actually free and it is really really reliable it basically gets you back to the same point you're at before ios 14.5 so you can see that's really simple i'm just explaining what it is and what the benefit is for the person listening if we use the sleep example again i could say something like this create a free online training series for new parents that walks you through how to get your baby to take better naps have great sleep and do it all without any harsh sleep training or crying it out best of all you can start doing these things from tonight and see the benefits right away you need to be thinking about this from an audience perspective and the main thing here is that you communicate why this is so beneficial for them the final part of your video ad script is your call to action this is where you tell the audience what to do next it sounds obvious but it gets missed surprisingly often so you simply say hey here is what you need to go do next in order to get the thing so if i take my ios 14 example again i would just say something like this hey if you want to learn exactly how i do it there's a free training you can go and watch all you need to do is click the link below or above this video to go and check it out now and if i take the baby sleep example i would say something very similar i would say if you want to learn how to get your baby to sleep better starting from tonight go ahead and click the link above or below this video and sign up for the training now it's free and i guarantee it's going to be worth every minute of your time it only needs to be short and sweet tell them very clearly what they need to do to get the thing that's literally the structure of your video ad but now let's talk about some clever editing tricks that you can use to get people to watch your video ads for longer to engage more and to take action more frequently all of which are obviously really important in improving the performance of your facebook video ads or your instagram video ads one in the same here but before we do i'd like to take a really quick moment to thank the sponsor of this week's video skillshare if you have a particular skill you'd like to improve from video editing to marketing to freelancing and entrepreneurship and much more you can find classes that match your goals and interests like this one that i'm checking out now advanced video editing with adobe premiere pro by jordie vanderpoot jordy hosts one of the biggest youtube channels about filmmaking and video editing cinecom with over 2 million subscribers so he's quite literally one of the best people in the world to learn the skill of video editing from and skillshare is where you can get access to world-class experts like geordie and so many more i joined skillshare with the goal of learning more about productivity and filmmaking and every class i've taken on the platform has exceeded my expectations and provided something that i now actually use on a regular basis the quality is incredible i've learned a ton from skillshare and the good news is thanks to skillshare you can actually get access to every single class for a month for free all you need to do is click the link in the description the first 1000 people to use the link will get a one month free trial of skillshare so thank you again skillshare for sponsoring this video so back to editing your ads the best way to do it i like to create two different formats one square version and one that is a portrait format as i mentioned before so the square version is going to run on instagram feeds facebook feeds and many other different placements the portrait version or 9x16 version is going to run on reels and on stories placements so the first edit you're going to want to do is to crop those accordingly one of the easiest ways to increase retention or get people to watch your video ads for longer is by doing these two simple things the first one is adding a timer bar along the bottom of your video like in this example ready to exit when the right opportunity comes along for an exit most entrepreneurs the second thing you can do is adding these hard-coded really attractive subtitles that follow along with the words as they're being spoken that also gets people to stay and watch for longer as a matter of fact the majority of video content on facebook and instagram is watched with sound off so those subtitles or captions are extremely important and actually have them add value instead of being those little ugly subtitles that you see on most facebook video ads it actually provides a nice little boost the next thing you want to do is go ahead and cut out anything that's unnecessary or repetitive and you should be ruthless with this anything that doesn't need to be in your video ad shouldn't be there cut it out they're the basics you don't want to go too crazy with your video ads and the reason for that is because we tend to see videos that look native performing better on the platform that means something that's quite simple and could have been recorded by one of your friends on facebook that's native content if you do want to go a little bit further having different zooms at different times throughout the video is another great way to increase retention and also adding sound effects at different points where it makes sense now once you've gone ahead and you've got a great video ad the next thing to do is write really good copy to go with it and to do that you should watch this video next where i walk through everything you need to know to create great facebook and instagram ad copy hope you enjoyed this video and i will see you in the next one bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndrewHubbard1 [3 likes]: Don't forget! The first 1,000 people to use the link will get a 1 month free trial of Skillshare: https://skl.sh/andrewhubbard07221
  2. @JeryMey [1 likes]: Please can you tell me how you do to make you talking in a phone screen like Facebook video ads? It will help me alot for my video editing .

Thanks
  3. @eyelidsurgeon: This video was fantastic! Just what I was searching for. Thanks for making it.
  4. @mathews-q8p: The "hook, pain, solution" framework is brilliantly simple and immediately actionable. Thanks for providing such a clear and effective formula for creating engaging Facebook video ads!
  5. @lexiriam: I really enjoyed the way you provided your information. It was very informative and applicable. Also appreciated the examples you provided. Thank you and I'm looking forward to watching more of your channel and future videos.
  6. @rigina-f7p: Finally, a formula that cuts through the noise and offers a clear path to creating engaging Facebook video ads! The "hook, pain, solution" approach is genius in its simplicity. Can't wait to see how this impacts my campaign results!
  7. @jonell-z3q: The emphasis on addressing a specific pain point and offering a clear, concise solution is what makes this formula so effective. Definitely going to implement this framework in my next campaign!
  8. @marise-w4m: Love how this breaks down the essential elements; it's like a mini-masterclass in impactful ad creation. Implementing the hook, pain, solution approach seems like a game changer for engagement. Definitely subscribing for more actionable advice!
  9. @dollphusheuer: This formula is gold! I especially appreciate the focus on pain points and clear solutions – feels way less overwhelming than other guides. I'm excited to test this out and see the results.
  10. @ManaMinot: Seriously helpful content! This formula is so simple and actionable, I'm excited to put it into practice. Thanks for sharing your expertise!
  11. @JanethKirberger: This video is packed with actionable advice, thanks for breaking down the process so clearly! Definitely going to give this formula a try.
  12. @SaraBush-t6j: Thank you very much.
  13. @LoryDickason: Thank you so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  14. @DanielleBarnes-c6g: Thank you.
  15. @LauraNatalia-m1e: Thank you very much.
  16. @CLaX0: A fantastic video. Thank you, Andrew. Something tells me you've done this before.
  17. @ghanghour: thankyou so much.... problem solved. you touched every pain point.

thanks..
  18. @JeannetteValencia-ud6bd: Thanks for the info
  19. @caseystamand: Hoss boss thank you 🎉
  20. @-pagebooklipraly8352: thank you man for great video

- A Guide for Creating Facebook Video Ads: Kind: captions Language: en a television commercial costs upwards of 20 times more than a Facebook video ad yet Facebook reaches twice as many people it's time to shift your videos to social media we have the tips to help [Applause] [Music] hello world there's a small chance that you and I are friends on social media but in case we're not my name is Mike ploter and I'm here with a good friend of mine visit me to teach you everything that you need to know about Facebook video ads you're scrolling through your feed catching up on what your people have been up to and then up Pops a video of that thing that you've had your eyes on thanks to website cookies Facebook's algorithm and the company you like knowing you're their target audience they knew that you might like that Hawaiian shirt or that outdoor tent or purse or whatever it may be but do you buy the product right then or do you let it linger for a little bit more a good Facebook video can be the difference between if you were taking action or continuing to scroll so in this video we're going to share the steps necessary for creating your own Facebook video ads we'll also give you some best practices and provide some examples along the way by the end you'll be ready to take Facebook by storm shall we all right first things first and that's accessing your ads manager if you don't have a business page you'll need to create one log into your Facebook account and click the square of nine dots from that menu click on ADD that'll take you to a page that will largely be how you manage your ads from here on out you can set budgets personalize your plans set your creative and much more one of the first prompts Facebook will give you is ask what your goals are maybe you're seeking New Leads or trying to get more likes don't forget about the marketing funnel here if you're trying to build awareness you're at the top well if you're just aiming to increase your conversion rates you're more towards the bottom this is important to keep in mind as you move forward then it's time to put your Genius ideas on Facebook write out a description a headline and upload the videos you want to run as ads you can create an entire Carousel if you'd like one tip that I want to emphasize here is producing a video that grabs attention immediately scrollers spend very little time on one post before moving on to the next if you want to stop them from scrolling you'll need something that speaks to them right away the next step in the process is adding the audience that you want to reach you can set the gender age location and even particular interests of your target audience you can also create a retargeting list that'll put your ad in front of those who have already visited your website or page before some Brands see a 25 conversion rate with retargeted ads so if you're seeing a lot of website visits but not seeing the sales this is probably a good idea for you foreign the most important part how much are you willing to pay for your ad there are some factors that you want to consider here how long you want the ad to run if you ever even want it to stop and how much you want to spend per day Facebook will provide an estimated reach to help you understand just how many people could be seeing your ad now the minimum at the time of this recording is three dollars per day and the maximum is spending a total of three thousand dollars per month another production tip that I have is to keep in mind that 98 of Facebook users are scrolling their feeds from a mobile device because of this your ads should be square or vertical to take up the majority of the screen they should have short captions and include a call to action so viewers know where to go next if you're no Pro when it comes to video production don't worry there are plenty of templates available that allow you to build the video you want with little to no experience or footage our first example is one that uses stock imagery if you don't have the time or budget to shoot your own stuff you can find free stock footage online at visming pair stock imagery with attention grabbing text and you have an enticing video another idea would be to hit your audience's pain points strike them from the first frame what's going to really connect with them by adding text to ask questions they may be asking themselves you're more likely to get past that wallet that they're putting up with other ads finish off the video with a call to action and you are golden and another template that you can use again on vismi right now is this one which utilizes the Facebook Carousel it starts with a simple short video highlighting the product and showing what it does but allows the viewer to click through the other similar products that the company offers one video at the beginning followed by photos is a great way to keep viewers on what matters your brand ladies and gentlemen the time has come for you to get started with your first Facebook video ad stop putting it off it won't take much time at all and the rewards are well worth it thank you so much for watching this video If you learned anything at all anything new today we'd appreciate if you dropped a like on our video and if you want to learn something new tomorrow hit that subscribe Button as well thank you so much again we will hope to catch you again soon with vismi I'm Mike ploger helping you make information beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @VismeApp: Start creating videos and marketing materials for your business right inside Visme.
Find a customizable template here: https://www.visme.co/templates.
  2. @wdchannel2517: Very bad video, didn’t show which tools to use to make a video
  3. @nyanpraterjr1819: Cool, thanks!
  4. @GRUBB-MUDD: Use 16x9 format or 1x1 or 4x3?
  5. @shabujeletronicsleb: very nice app
  6. @unenabasigodwinekeruke7717: Love this video. Such a helpful guide for newbies
  7. @nickcampbell9890: Thanks! Gonna use this tutorial for our next FB camapign. Let's see how it works for us.
  8. @The_Logo_Chief_Priest: Thank you very much, this was really insightful.
  9. @lincolnbrooke9741: The information here is a real game changer!! Thanks for the helpful video!
  10. @freelancerrafirk: Wow🌹🌹❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️

- How to Create Video Ads with Canva in minutes! | Free Video Maker: Kind: captions Language: en video marketing is an integral part of any marketing strategy for all types and sizes of business but for small businesses it can sometimes be a daunting and expensive process to create video content like video ads this is where canvas free video maker becomes an ideal solution for simply creating free video content in minutes hey guys Stuart here welcome back to this channel I hope you're all having a productive day now in this canva tutorial I'm going to share how you can simply create video ads in minutes with canvas free video creation features okay so before we go ahead and dive into this canva tutorial consider subscribing if you haven't done so already or if you're new to this Channel and that way you'll stay updated with actionable videos and tutorials designed to equip you with the skills knowledge and tools to help your small business Thrive online and with that have you know out of the way let's go ahead and dive into this video at creation tutorial [Music] foreign so to quickly create Dynamic video ads for your business completely for free simply head over to your browser and type in canva.com and that's going to take you to this landing page or feel free to click the link in our description below this video and that's also going to take you here now if you currently do not have a canva account simply navigate over to sign up for free and create your free canva account and for those that already have a canva account what we'll do is meet you inside your canva account okay so here I am inside my canva account now I'm using a paid canva Pro account for the purpose of today's tutorial however as I'm navigating through this video what I'll do is point out the differences between canvas free plan and then a paid Pro Plan so that you can understand the differences between a paid and free canva plan okay so let's dive into it now there's a few ways that we can quickly go ahead and start creating video ads within canva or any other type of video content the first way is to Simply navigate over to the far right hand side and click on custom size this is where you have the option to add the custom size of the template that you want to use for example if you wanted to create a square template what you could do is add 500 by 500 pixels now this custom size option is ideal if you know exactly the size of template that you want to use however for the purpose of today's tutorial what we're going to do is simply navigate over to search your content on canva and click here then simply type in video ads and as you can see canvas going to generate some options that we can use to create our video for example if we want to create a video ad for YouTube we can go ahead and select this option here if we wanted to create a feed add video so a portrait video that we could use in our Facebook or Instagram stories as well as on Tick Tock then we can go ahead and select this option we also have Pinterest video ad and Linkedin video ad however what I'm going to do is simply navigate up to the search bar and hit enter and discover some of the different templates that canva has to offer and one of the great things we love about canva is you can simply use pre-made templates in order to create your own designs so for the purpose of today's tutorial what we're going to do is choose a video ad template and then customize that template the way that we like as you can see if I navigate up here we typed in video ads and you can see that over 3000 templates have been generated down here that we can simply View and then choose and customize if we like now we also have filtering options over on the left hand side for example we can choose video mobile video and then we have these other options down here we can also view more and then below that we have the Styles we can choose the different styles that we're after and themes and then colors down here however I like the look of this gym video here so for the purpose of today's tutorial what I want to do is create a video ad for a gym and to do that I'm going to Simply go ahead and click on this pre-made template here now remember you also have the option to create your video from scratch however if this is your first time creating a video with canva or maybe you have very limited design and Technical experience when it comes to crafting a video then I suggest using pre-made templates now if we navigate up to resize in the top left hand corner and click here you can see the size of our template here and this is going to be ideal for many different types of platforms now with canva Pro the paid plan you can actually change the size of your designs at any stage however with canvas free plan you cannot access this feature of resizing your designs okay so what we're going to do is exit out of that and then down here you'll notice that we have our template that we selected you can see that this template this scene is made up of many different elements each of these elements we can simply select and then customize the way that we like again if I navigate over here we have a video element here and we have other elements over here and I'll talk more about customizing each of these elements shortly now if we navigate over to templates over on the left hand side you can see that templates is already selected now I can search for specific video templates that I'm after just up here so for example if I didn't like the look of this video template here then what I can do is go ahead and type in a keyword related to the type of design or video that I'm after so because I'm creating a video ad for a gym I'm going to go ahead and type in gym again and then down here you'll notice some suggested keywords that we can also use to find specific templates if I navigate down here you can see we have access to all these different gym templates now it's important to note that if you find a template that you want to use however you're using the free plan and you see this little Pro icon down here it means that you can only use this template if you have a premium subscription however for example if we navigate down here you can see that this is a free template so I'm going to go ahead and actually select this template here and here I have the option to replace this existing template with either one of these different pages or scenes so what you want to do is consider each of your different pages so this is a page here when you're creating a video think about each of your pages as separate scenes to your video so what I'm going to do because this template has multiple different pages different scenes I'm going to go ahead and click apply all four pages and as you can see if I navigate down here you can see that my video consists of four separate pages four separate scenes I can click on each of the different scenes and then simply customize that particular scene the way that I like again I can click on this scene which is Page Three and then I have page four over here now I can also navigate down here and zoom in and out to have a better understanding of my video scenes I can also navigate over to zoom thumbnails and click here and that's going to allow me to actually zoom in to that particular scene so that's going to allow me to add finer details if I need to zoom in and make small adjustments to my video elements okay so what I'm going to do is zoom out a little bit more and then we have this grid view option over here if I click here that's going to generate a grid view of all my different videos okay so what I'm going to do is come down and turn off grid View and then click on the first scene of my video okay so as you can see I'm using a free template now if I navigate up to Max fit you can see I have a title here I also have a little logo here and then a subtitle down here now each of these three items have been grouped so what I can do is navigate up to these three dots come down and click on ungroup and now I can edit each of these different elements so for example if I click on this element here I can replace this text with my own gym name which is going to be called level up Fitness then I'm going to Simply drag this out so that it fits I'm happy with that and I can also resize by simply dragging the sides or I can navigate up to the formatting options up here and I can simply change the size here change the font I can also change the color and I have these alignment and other options up here I can also add a particular effect if I like now what I want to do is actually go ahead and quickly replace this element to do that all I would do is navigate over to elements on the left hand side then I'm going to navigate up to search and type in gym again and that's going to generate all these different gym icons now if you have your own logo what you can do is simply navigate over to upload and upload your own logo now you can also use canva to create your own logo completely for free if you're interested in learning how to create your own logo with canva what I'll do is link a beginner's tutorial up above and down below in the description that will guide you through the step-by-step process of creating your own business logo completely for free with canva so go ahead and check out that video If you currently do not have a logo however for the purpose of today's tutorial I like the look of this logo here so what I'm going to do is quickly click this logo and that's going to add that logo in here I'm going to go ahead and delete this logo by either selecting delete or navigating up here and clicking the bin icon then I'm going to grab this logo and simply drag and drop I can also drag out the sides to the size that I like then I'm going to navigate up to the color and then change the color to white and I like the look of that I can also navigate over to the sub text and I can go ahead and change this text if I like and again I have these formatting options up here but I like the look of the subtitle so I'm going to keep it as it is then I can also navigate down here and click on this video so there's a background video in this particular scene now what I can do is I can either navigate up to the top and I can change the length of this particular video so if I click here you can see the length of this video is this middle part here which is three seconds long so what I can do is go ahead and change that or click done and I can also navigate down here and preview the video by clicking play so as you can see that is a pretty cool three second video again like I mentioned I can make it larger if I like and you can also see that there is an animation for this video and I'll show you what it looks like soon when I give this scene a preview however what we can also do is navigate down to videos and again what I'm going to do is navigate up to search videos and type in gym again and as you can see that's going to generate videos related to the keyword I typed in which is gym so I can navigate through these gym videos you can see that most of these are pro videos which means I do need to upgrade to a paid plan however there are also a few videos that are free like that one if we navigate down further this is a free video and if we keep navigating down what I want to find is a darker video so what I can do to replace this video in here is simply click and drag this video and that's going to replace this video so if I drop that video you can see that's going to replace this video now I want to navigate up to this trimming section and I'm going to go ahead and make this video only three seconds again so three seconds and done okay so to preview our video Simply navigate up to the top right hand corner next to share and click here and that's going to generate a full preview of our video as you can see that's going through all four different scenes okay so what we're going to do is navigate back over to close what I'm actually going to do is navigate down to this video and I'm going to make the video a bit longer by navigating up here and dragging that out to let's say six seconds we're going to double the length of the video you can also change the section of the video that you want to capture so I'm going to capture this section and click done then again I'm going to go ahead and preview this video and this is what our video will look like so I'm happy with the six second duration of the first scene I'm going to click close And then navigate over to this element over here which is a text element and then navigate up to animate now you can actually choose the animation for the different elements on your video so for example this element here this text element level up Fitness I can navigate over to the left hand side and I can choose for it to rise up I can pan and then I have these other options up here Ascend shift there's block down here I like the look of blocks I'm going to go ahead and click block and now the title up here live what Fitness is a block animation and then down here Fitness training is also a block animation yep so I'm going to click block again and then I can navigate up to this icon over here and I'm going to go ahead and click on rise so as you can see now this element here this logo will rise and these have a block animation then we also have these other elements over here that we can customize if we like but I'm actually happy with this scene now when you're happy with your first scene all you need to do is simply navigate over to the next scene of your video and remember the next scene is the next page now as you can see I have this logo up here that I deleted from the first scene so what I could do is click on this element and simply click delete then what I could do is head back to the first scene navigate up to this logo and then navigate up here and come down and click copy and then head back to the second scene and simply paste that logo in here so I'm happy with that I'm just going to resize by dragging the different sides and then I can come down and I can change this text if I like but I'm happy with that and again I'm happy with this video over here I'm going to go ahead and preview the video I like the look of that and again what you want to do is go through each of your different scenes and take your time to customize each of the different scenes so what I'm going to do is go ahead and paste in this logo again and add that in here and then we have the final scene over here which is Page four and I'm going to go ahead and paste that logo and I'm going to add that up in the top left hand corner then I'm also going to come down and click here and then navigate up to these three dots and as you can see this is grouped so each of these three different elements here they're all grouped together in this case what we want to do is go ungroup we can now come down and click on each of these elements to delete or edit them so I'm going to delete this element and then go ahead and paste in this logo again and then drag that in here now let's say that this element is quite small and I can't quite see it so I'm going to navigate down and zoom in I'm happy with that and then I'm going to Simply highlight this text and change that to level up Fitness again and I'm happy with that I'm just going to Simply move that up and I like the look of that I'm also going to move this logo up make it slightly bigger and then place it over here I'm happy with that and then all I would do is come down and zoom back out for a more macro View and I'm happy with my video now what we can also do is navigate over to the left hand side and we can come down and we can upload our own elements our own images or videos that we want to add to our video so for example if you have your own shots from let's say a gym let's say I run my own gym and I've already taken video shots of people working out at my gym then what I can do is quickly upload those videos and then simply add them or replace the default template videos within this template or what we can do is come down to text and click here and then simply add a text element for example I could add this header up here and then all I would do is navigate over to the font and change the font and then obviously change the header so because this is the last scene what I could do is add send us a message now for a one week free trial and as you can see I'm happy with that then what I can do is drag that out and let's say I'm happy with that sizing then all I would do is drag this element and place that down here now I can also navigate up to animate and I'm going to navigate over to block and I'm going to add block and as you can see that's going to add that animation over here now I can also highlight a specific portion of this text element for example 7 day free trial and I can go ahead and highlight this element and change the color to let's say yellow and then I can also navigate up here and I'm going to go ahead and make this italic and as you can see I'm happy with this call to action message that I want people to see once they've finished watching this video now if I navigate over to the left hand side I can also click on photos and I can simply find and particular photos that I want to add to my video I can also navigate down to Styles and change the overall color scheme of my video so you can also create your own brand kit which means you can change the color the entire color of your video elements and then below Styles we have videos again where we can replace videos we've talked about this and below that we have background where you can simply replace the background and again all you would do is type in a keyword related to the type of background that you want to add to your video scene okay so once you've customized the video template that you selected or once you've finished creating your video from scratch depending on what route you took what we want to do is first go ahead and preview our entire video so as you can see down here we have four separate scenes now we can also navigate over here and we can add additional pages and between each of these Pages or scenes and we can also create a another page another scene from scratch by simply clicking add page okay but what we're going to do is navigate up to the top and click on preview and that's going to allow us to preview our video so that's the first scene I'm happy with that then we have the second scene again I'm happy with that and in the third scene 30 day free trial coaching and then we have uh the fourth scene send us a message now for a seven day free trial and I'm happy with that now we can either navigate up here to download our video or we can simply navigate over to close and then again navigate over to share and then we can simply share this video with people so if you've added people to your canva account you can simply share this video with them or you can simply copy the link down here view only link so that people can view this link however what we're going to do is go ahead and download this video by clicking download then navigate up to file type and make sure that you have MP4 video selected then come down and we want to make sure all pages are selected because we want to download the entire video then come down and click download then all you need to do is give canva a moment to create and download your new video ad you can also navigate down to copy and copy this link to share this video with anyone that you like and as you can see if we navigate down to the bottom left hand corner we have downloaded our video ad and we can now use this video ad across all our different channels and platforms that we use to promote our business and remember canva allows you to create any type of video ad that you can think of and that is how you can simply create video ads with canva in minutes and there we have it guys that is it for this brief canva video and tutorial for beginners now if you have any questions about this process for creating video ads make sure to pop them down below and with that said thank you so much for watching this tutorial all the way through to the end if you got value make sure you leave a like And subscribe to this Channel and that way I'll see you in the next video take care guys thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @houssinkharbouch1773 [1 likes]: am happy with that
  2. @KaySmoothOfficial [1 likes]: Great tutorial. Thank you 💯
  3. @jackyodera5255: does canva works the same as capcut?
between canva and capcut which's the best for creating video ads
  4. @FarmFarmFarmer: Great tutorial!
  5. @menchiedelosreyes5591: Wow! Thank you for creating this amazing content. The instructions are easy to follow.
  6. @derrickotieno3626: How can I join your Canva teams?
  7. @houssinkharbouch1773: thanks brother good work
  8. @ramadansarafadeen4050: Thanks buddy
  9. @musameeky8794: How do i make it to pop up to user that are using social platforms how do i make it go viral
  10. @marymwangi2932: How do I make a logo using Canva any guide please
  11. @BrajendranBrajendran: Nice
  12. @Marvan.10: Can you make another video of the exact same thing but Marvel version like iPhone in our store can you give me a shout out please? I need it for my YouTube channel. 😊
  13. @Light_of_Guidance12: I love this🎉
  14. @adhikaryDesigns: May I join your canva teams?
  15. @ntuthukondlela3939: Amazing it works
  16. @readymade-videos: Excellent breakdown — too many ads forget the human touch.
In my experience, simple story-based videos convert best, even for local businesses.
Do you think authenticity is finally beating high production value?
  17. @SaymaHayat-t8g: Thank you so much gonna create one for my etsy shop.
  18. @vivekd.v5847: it was a very helpful video, thank you!
  19. @ManoBado-c4q: I love watching simple adsvideo
  20. @ManoBado-c4q: ❤

- Steal This AI Process to Make Winning Video Ads on Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're getting into how to make winning video ads completely with AI that can actually scale on Facebook. One of the most underutilized ways to scale video ads in 2025 is by using AI and yes, underutilized cuz most people don't know how to use it properly and then actually taking and training your team on it on how to properly use it. However, most brand owners and people using AI are simply stuck on level one prompting getting okay output and not realizing the full potential of what it can actually do and the amount of winning ads it can produce for you. And if you stick around through this video, I'm going to show you and fully share my screen and build out this entire process live with you. I'm also going to show you how you can use this process to take your competitors and your own top ads and remake an infinite amount of high converting ads that put you into a new pocket audience on Facebook. And more importantly, I'm going to walk you through and show you exactly how to set up the projects and what documents you need, the prompts you need to actually realize the full potential of these AI tools to produce winners like clockwork on Facebook. That way you have a full a toz process that you could take after this video to go apply to your Facebook ads right after this video that can actually pick up spend and scale you by improving your creative diversity. This is the same process that our team currently does to do over 20 million per year and AI has taken over the majority of our researching, scripting, and briefing process. So don't get left behind because this will be the difference between those who continue to scale with leaner and leaner teams and more profits to those that are stuck simply not realizing the full potential of what AI can do. All because they simply didn't have the right process or knowledge to actually take action on it effectively. This is also the same process that my clients are using that have helped over 25 clients stuck at five to six figure months scale to multi6figure months and even seven figure per months and beyond. At the time of recording this, our clients combined do over 150 million per year. And listen, if you're already doing over 30,000 a month with your Shopify store, I want to offer you a completely free scale plan audit call where my team and I will dive into your brand, map out the exact next steps you need over the next 30 days to scale your brand to the next level. My promise is that there's no pitch. We will not pitch you into some community or try to sell you something. If at the end of the call you want to learn more about it, you let us know. If not, no worries. you still get pure value and a full 30-day plan that you can leave the call with and start taking action on today. With that said, let's go ahead and dive in. So, this is how to make winning video ads on Facebook using AI. I want to start with this nice little meme here. Just give prompts. I need automations and every crazy eye tool and then just give prompts, right? The difference here is the beginner with AI just starts prompting, gives scripts and says to make new versions. However, the expert just starts prompting but with the proper project setup, context and domain library set in chat now just says make new versions but all of a sudden the output you get is 10 times 20 times 30 times better than what you did as the beginner. And so the difference is most people are here. They're just giving prompts. Okay. Then some people use like na n and you know pop eiations which you can do. Um, and then most people end up coming back to, well, I just got to give good prompts. And now you end up giving better prompts. It's not just about good prompts. It's about having the project set up. The AI chats trained enough with all context and domain libraries needed. If you don't know what those are, I'm going to break them down and show you. And we're actually share my screen and, you know, create it live with you. Um, to where you could actually just give prompts, but it'd be 100 times better than your normal chatbt or cloud chat. Okay. So, with that being said, you're here or you're here. I'm going to get you here and show you a very simple process that increases the effectiveness and the scripts of your output massively. Okay, so how to actually use AI to create winning video ads. First, use Claude, right? Very simple. Oops. Very simple, which we're going to get into. Um, it's the just the best for copy. Just use Claude. Okay, that's the first thing. Now, how do we use it properly? Once again, you don't use Claude and you give it prompts and blah blah blah. No, what we need is a proper project setup, clear project instructions, context library, and domain library. When you give a cloud project each of these and it's set up properly, your output once again improves massively. Um, which lets us now use AI in different chats for very specific tasks to get better output. So once again, let's let's go through it all and then I'm actually going to share my screen. We'll build this out together. First is the proper project setup for cloud. One, you should have one project per task. Don't group it together. People will just have like an ad project, right? And then under that they do everything. But you'll get better output with more specific instructions per project. So you want one project per main task. Don't group together. What I mean by one main task is for making hooks, CTAs, headlines, primary text, ad remakes, net new ads, new angles, whatever it may be. Each of these different things you'll be creating within Claude, you should have a different specific project for. So in our company Claude account, we have one project specifically for hooks, one specifically for CTAs, one specifically for headlines, one specifically for ad remix. You get the point. And within these projects, you have multiple traps whenever you need a new chat, but all specific to one specific task. Because when we have one specific task for the project, and that project, which we'll get into, has clear project instructions, context, library, and domain on each of those specific tasks, the output's much better. Okay, so it keeps learning context resources given to each specific task, which improves output. Once again, it's specific to the task. All resource, domain, context, libraries, etc. are given specific to that task and therefore your output improves massively. So that's the proper project setup. Next is you need clear project instructions. And what I mean by that is most people don't even know this, but when you create a project, there's a little edit thing and you can actually set the instructions on the project. So you need to set your clear project instructions per project once again based on the task. Pro tip, which we'll get into, use prompt cowboy to get great instructions easily with a great prompt. And this gives the direction for each project to follow. You need the project set up per task. And now for every single specific task, you set a specific instruction to follow. This way when it goes it knows what process to follow to make great primary text or great hooks or great headlines specifically for that one task which once again that's why instead of having broad instructions of like I need you to make me a great ad you know pretend you're Eugene Schwarz all these things that you're doing but it's just general for a great ad you can now take that dial it down for one specific task and once again and the instructions are specifically for just hooks just text etc and your output improves massively okay so once we have a proper project set up and each project now has clear instructions for each individual task we need to build context libraries and give each project a context library. So, and the products library is a big PDF essentially of all context the AI will need about your brand, product, audience, offer, pricing, avatars, etc. Okay? And each project needs an in-depth context library to have all the context it needs about your brand, your product, your offer, blah blah blah. Okay? This should include all customer research, reviews, etc. This should give the project all the information needed to create researchbacked, accurate scripts. And once again, I'm going to show you how we can actually come up with the context libraries with GPT to put into Claude once again, but you want to mix that with a big export as well of all your customer reviews, top ad comments, any research you did yourself, etc. Okay, that's the context library. So, every single one of these projects per specific task will then have that context library built into it. And last but not least is your domain library. The domain library is now essentially a big PDF of task specific knowledge to improve the output. Example, how to write great hooks. So, the hook project will have a domain PDF, a big PDF specifically all about how to write great hooks. Then, if we're doing ad remakes or new ads or primary text, we're then going to have a domain library, a big PDF of specific task knowledge on how to write great primary text. Okay? You can use chat GBT to create these, which I'll show you. And then my pro tip as well is go get great YouTube videos, um, great resources, books, tweets that you have from the people in the space that explain this stuff very well. And you can now use all of these things and add it onto your domain library for that specific task. So if there's a tweet from somebody that goes into how to write great hooks and you're like, "Wow, this is right a really good tweet." You can take that tweet, add the domain library, right? Ask GB to expand on to build out your domain library better and blah blah blah. Okay? And so now for each project on each specific task, you need to give an in-depth domain library on how to write good ads, hooks, copyrightiting frameworks, etc. I'm going to walk you through how we do this all. So to put that all together, you're going to use Cloud. On Cloud, you're going to have a proper project setup. On each project you're have specific instructions. Each project now with specific instructions is made for each specific task. Things like making hooks, CTAs, headlines, etc. Then each one of those projects are going to have a context library which is the knowledge of your brand, product, audience, etc. The more in depth you can give it, the better. And as well as a domain library, which is task specific knowledge for each of these products. Okay. Uh with that being said, let's get into it. So I'm going to walk you through how to set this up. I'm only going to do it with one cuz one, as an example, on my free claude trial for this example video, you can only have one project. And two, it would take me 50 hours to go build out every single one of these, not 50 hours, it would just be more than we need on this YouTube video. And all you need to know is I'm going to do it for ad remix as this example. And you just duplicate this exact process, but for hooks, primary text, CTAs, etc. So once, if you come into your plot clad here, plaude, you come into your cloud here, you have chats, you got project. So here in your projects, you want to create one new project once again per task. In this case, we'll do ad remakes as an example. This is taking your competitor's ads or your top ads to then be able to turn them into new ads with more diversity, discount, new pocket audiences. Okay, this is ad remakes. So we must follow the step by step here. Project setup. We now have one project set up for one specific task being ad remix. Next is we need clear project instructions. So here in the task or sorry in the project and so you can see here, I already put it in here, but here are the project instructions. You click this edit button. Boom. Here you go. Instructions. Provide cloud relevant instructions and information for chats within ad remakes. This will work alongside blah blah blah. So this one I put together is you are a world class response copyriter blah blah blah. Your task is to rewrite existing high performing ads preserving the exact script structure while making improvements or variations blah blah blah. Now did I come up with this? I use prompt cowboy. So your pro tip here and we'll do this together for ad remakes is come to prompt cowboy which is a tool to improve your prompts. You give it a lazy prompt. It'll make you a better prompt um to go ahead and put into the project instructions. Now, a pro tip. I use a tool called Wistia. So, I'm going to click one button, start talking. It'll transcript my voice perfectly um for this textbook here. So, for example, I'm creating a project instructions on Claude for a project about ad remakes. I need you to give me a great prompt that helps create new versions of my existing winning ads and comp and competitor winning ads and turn these into new versions of ads with new hooks and overall new script that will help me achieve more creative diversity in my ad account by creating new variations of it. Whether that be avatars, hooks, copy, um CTAs, the offer, um the language I'm using, etc. to help expand winning ads from one existing winning ad to multiple winning ads. There you go. I let go of the button. There you go. It puts it in. I send it. Now, Prompt Cowboy is going to turn this into a great prompt for project instruction that we can then put in. There's my lazy prompt. And you can see it now creates a great prompt for project instructions. Situation. You are managing an advertising account. Need to expand your creative diversity by generating multiple variations of successful advertisements. Blah blah blah. Task, objective, knowledge, hooks, copy, CTAs. Once again, you get more specific with your lazy prompt to improve this further. But for this video, without spending too much time on it, we will copy this great prompt and project instructions. We'll come here, hit edit. Now, paste in our project instructions for the project. Save. And now, once again, every single time we create a new chat in this cloud project, it's going to follow these instructions and know exactly what to do. This is why the difference is when you just give prompts, there's no clear instructions. Now you're able to just give prompts and it will know exactly what the task is at hand every single chat you make which will increase the output. Now we once again we have to get to the context libraries and domain library to further improve the knowledge it has every single time it runs a task to improve the output. So next is the context library which once again is a big PDF of all the context AI will need about the brand product etc. For this I like to go to chat GPT and use deep research. So we're going to create a deep research mode. Once again, I'm going to start talking and let's pretend we're selling a a sleep supplement. Why not? Um, hi chat. I sell a sleep supplement on my Shopify store and I need you to create a context library giving me all information I need to upload to a claude project for ad remakes. Include everything you can like customer avatars, their behavior, who they are, what they look like, the language they use, the top problems in the niche, uh the main benefits, main features, etc. Give this to me in a full context library that I can then export as a PDF to my claude project. Now, once again, that's going to put that there. I'm going to send it. It's going to do its deep research, and then we'll get back when it comes with the final um product. We're then going to turn that into a full context library. It's going to ask me a couple questions uh to share to give a bit more context. So, I'm going to share that and I'll come back with you when it has the full uh breakdown. Okay. So, now that we have our context library, same thing we need to do now with the domain library. We're going to use chat GPT once again for the sake of this video so it doesn't take forever. I'm not going to do a deep research prompt, but I recommend you do a deep research prompt and add in any other resources that you need that will improve it further. So, for example, we're talking about ad remakes is the project we're doing. So, I need it to create a big domain library of all the information it would need to create great ad remakes. So, for example, let's start prompting it and see what comes up with. Hi chat, I need to create a domain library for a claude project to have task specific knowledge around remaking ads to improve creative diversity in our ad account. I need you to include all core direct response principles like Eugene Schwarz, how to make great ads, how to create great hooks, great CTAs, how to um use the stages of awareness in our ad properly with one clear message and one clear promise throughout the ad. I need you to include how to write great benefits and feature points throughout our main ads as well as great CTAs. Essentially, I need every thing that you know about if you were an direct response marketing expert on how to create great ad remakes. Please give this to me in a final domain context PDF that I could upload to the Cloud Project. Once again, you'd want to spend more time and make this a bit better with a deep research prompt just to save time. There's a normal prompt and me just kind of spitting random stuff through my mouth. And then you want to pair this with any knowledge you have specifically um about the domain yourself or from other experts in the niche, etc. Okay, it's now going to give me the full domain library content that I would then upload to the cloud project as well, which once again I'll show you when we get to the final answer here. So, it gave me this massive output here. Now, this is once again for some madeup product, sleepy time pill, a melatonin pill. You can see it gives me a product overview, customer avatar, very detailed, lots of the main customer avatars, goes into top problems in this sleep niche, main benefits of it, main features, blah blah blah. You get the point. It's a huge huge huge um answer here for all the context it needs. And once again, you would add all of your customer reviews, customer comments, trust pilot reviews, whatever it is that you have on top of this to build out a big um and even more detailed than this context library to give to the cloud project. So I just asked it down here for whatever reason this issues, but to give me the PDF and I already downloaded it. So now we have the PDF and now once again back to the domain library giving it the prompt to give us the most specific knowledge possible. And once again, just to save time in this video, I did a normal prompt, but what you'd want to do is do a full deep research prompt. And then ideally, once again, use prompt cowboy, the tool that we went over earlier, to give you an even better prompt to get a better response from this. And add any other external resources that you need, YouTube videos, tweets that you know well that you could also add to this per specific task within this is add remakes. So my prompt was, you know, hi chat need to create a domain library for a cloud cloud project to have task specific knowledge on remaking ads to improve creative diversity in our ad account. I need you to include all core direct response direct response principles, sorry, like how to create good hooks, blah blah blah. You get the point. How to make great CTAs and put this into one final domain context library specifically for ad remakes. Ask me some questions. I answered and it gave us the PDF. So, now let's go upload those into cloud. Okay, so now we're back into our ad remake cla project. Now, we have the set instructions. We're going to hit here, add files, and we're simply going to add in our context library and then our domain library. And so now you see we have these two PDFs, the context library and domain library specifically on ad remakes for direct response and the specific instructions. Now we have our task project set up for ad remakes. Right? We now have the proper project set up with clear project instructions, an in-depth contact library and domain library. Once again on your own time, spend a lot more time on these. The more detailed you make them with the more information, the better your output will be. But now we can come in here and just start prompting. Okay, we can just start prompting. give existing ads and it'll remake an ad with all the context that we need specifically. So, let's go do an example. Okay, so here I am in foreplay. I'm just going over searching sleep pill as an example. Let's just pretend that this ad right here for this sleep product is a competitor's winning ad that we want to take to then remake for that ad using all the information we have in that cloud project. All I'm going to do is come and download the transcript which in foreplay or whatever tool we use should be able to do it. I'm going hit copy transcript. Now that we have that, we can go to the cloud project and start prompting. And once again, now our prompts don't have to be anything crazy because of the instructions and the files that we have. So, I'm going to say, "Hi, I need you to remake this ad for my specific brand following the instructions and files that you have in the project. Please create a new version of this that will be a winning video ad on Facebook. That will help me diversify my ad account." Right here is the transcript. There you go. We'll paste that in there. And there you go. It'll start getting to work using all the instructions and the context and domain library etc. Right? It's going to go ahead and create me seven. I even asked for I'm going to go create me seven and once again specifically for our main avatars mark avatar that actually gave us in our research previously with all the deep research context library domain library etc. Right? So this is variation one the professional breakthrough which once again is one of the avatars from the domain library sorry context library. After 3 years of 2 a.m. email sessions trolling myself I finally found something that actually works. Look, I'm not usually the guy who recommends supplements, but blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Right now, without scenario, reading the whole script, you could see that if you look at the original script here and look at the output, it's actually really decent. And the main important thing here is now we have variation one and variation two for two different main avatars from the context library, right? Each with specific clicks and CTAs specific to the stage of awareness and avatar that's going for. And this is how we use AI for the full process to actually create winning Facebook ads that can scale. Now, listen. I know that everything I just walked you through is incredibly useful to start creating winning video ads with AI. But here's the reality. Video ads are just one piece of the puzzle. There are so many other critical parts of your business, from your funnel to hiring to your offer to retention, and the list goes on and on. And the fact of it is that if they're missing, it's going to be very difficult to scale even if you have the best AI process in the entire e-commerce industry. And that's why once again, we're giving away a couple of these free scale plan audit calls. I don't want to turn this into a hard pitch. It's a completely free call where we dive into your brand and give you a 30-day road map that you can start taking action on as soon as the call ends. We just want to give a thank you and provide value for making it to the end of this video because it tells us that you're actually serious about scaling. Our promise is we will not pitch you on the call. We will just give you value. If you want to learn more about how you can work with me oneonone to then implement that plan over the next 30, 60, 90 days to scale to the next level, you let us know. If not, we will not hard sell you. It's not a hard sales call. We just want to provide value and give you your 30-day plan. So, if you're interested in taking action and getting that help for free, click the link in the description below. It's first come, first serve. I'm not too sure how many spots are left to be completely frank with you. So, click the link. If there spots, great. If not, I'm sorry. Check again next video. With that being said, I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you actually take action on it. And I hope you put in place a lot of these AI processes and train your teams on them. That way, you could take action and scale with some winning video ads on Facebook. And I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Princeecommerce [9 likes]: bro the title should be how to write scripts using CLAUDE
  2. @ecommmoose [3 likes]: Giving away the sauce 🔥🤫
  3. @saamirmotivates [1 likes]: Finally that video I was looking for
  4. @TimpanoDante: If you're doing $30k/mo, $100k/mo, or even $500k/mo and want to turn your store into a 8-figure brand...

We do a limited number of free 1:1 Scale Audit Calls every month. It's first come, first serve. (no pitch — just giving value + clear next steps for your brand): https://calendly.com/d/cv7r-dff-9rb?video=K8TrE5pQP5w

If you're still unsure - This 5min breakdown on how it works, what to expect, & why we do these calls for free: https://www.nobsecom.online/scaling-training?video=K8TrE5pQP5w
  5. @xdsuperior2447: what is the difference between Instructions and Domain library?? i am so confused. 😢
  6. @montyecom: Amazing video bro thanks!
  7. @YvesAds-i8v: pure sauce
  8. @yesitstkm: Can you not do this with custom GPTs?
  9. @KristianKorallus: You have 3 projects to write 1 script? your hook, body and CTA all from different projects?
  10. @SubliminalYT: banger 🔥
  11. @joelgarx: Great video Dante! What’s the name of the tool you mentioned that transcribes audio into text? Did you say it’s called Wistia?
  12. @dwagnerr2: is it neessary to use claude? or can i just do everything inside chatgpt cause ik it also has ap roject function (or is the copywriting level rly that much ebtter on claude)
  13. @sandraortiz8000: ❤ gracias
  14. @TheShelfStories: Can you make a video about how to test your meta ads after Andromeda update?
  15. @gamingwithrazer2344: Scaled to 40k/ month on meta. Successfully was able to scale spending 1k per day with 2-3 ROAS but since this andromeda update some days are just crazy slow. From 3 ROAS to 1.1 ROAS. How to manage this andromeda update? I have 1 Campaign 1 Adset with 30+ Ads
  16. @felipe.hernan: super great, i just did a bunch of videos this way lets test it out
  17. @mr.dontgetclapped9251: Thank you Dante!

Wondering has your hit rate improved now because of this? 

I’m having a lot of trouble getting concepts to spend due to the new algorithm update. 

Any thoughts on this? Thank you!
  18. @Martin-zq4fq: just sended this video to my video editor hahahah
  19. @abdirahmanali8127: Your going to help me get to a 1m/month I promise you
  20. @muhammadsheriyar-p4o: I was looking for it and open yt and your video comes haha right time to appear

- I found a BETTER way to create Meta video ads (using AI): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to create highly effective meta video ads using nothing but AI. I'm going to walk you through the exact process so that you can produce amazing looking ads, even if you know nothing about videography or video editing. By the time you finish watching this video, you'll be able to quickly and easily produce stuff just like this. >> If you're running meta ads, but your results just aren't where they should be, you've got to check out then Heath's Mentorship. >> So, actually two different applications for what I'm about to demonstrate or two different recommended ways of using it. Firstly, if you've ever had a high-erforming Facebook or Instagram video ad before, then I'd recommend starting using AI to create variations and iterations of that. They're highly likely to succeed. That's kind of lowhanging fruit. Eventually though, you will need to create brand new stuff. Or you may be in the second scenario anyway in which you've not had high performing Facebook and Instagram video ads and you want to produce them. in which case you're going to want to use AI not just to produce the high quality ad created for you that I'm going to demonstrate but also come up with ad ideas and scripts which I'll demonstrate later on in the video. For now I want to start by showing you the tool that you can use to produce highquality ad creative quickly and easily. This is really exciting for advertisers going to save a lot of time and help a lot of us get better results too. So the tool I'm going to be using to create these video ads is called Ards AI and let me show you what it can do. So I'm here in my Arcads account. I'm going to go ahead and click on new project. That'll bring up a page that looks like this. Now, the first thing we need to decide is what type of video ad we want to create. Okay. So, you can see the default down here is talking actors. If I select this, you can see there are a number of different options. And the ad I'm going to to create here for demonstration purposes is a UGC style ad, userenerated content style ad. And talking actors is perfect for that. I'm going to use that option because that's an ad format that's working really well right now across lots of different businesses, lots of different niches, but I did want to highlight that there are alternative options. So, for example, they've got an unboxing POV um in beta. For certain businesses, that might be perfect. Or we can go ahead and select videos, for example, and use Sora to create other styles of video ads. Like I said, to demonstrate in this video, I'm going to go ahead and use um talking actors. This is the thing that really made Arcads famous and it can work really well and we know how powerful UGC ads um can be. I'm going to go ahead and change that autodriven audiodriven even back to Arcads 1.0 which will do us really well for what we're looking to to create here. But just know there are other options. This is being improved all the time. By the time you get to using Archads, it'll be at least as good as what I'm showing you here, if not better. Like I said, very exciting for us Facebook and Instagram advertisers. So, we've got that initial selection sorted. Then we need to go ahead and add our script into here. Now we have two options for adding in a script. We've got the default which is text to speech. So just type out or copy and paste in um the script that you've got for your ad in there. Or you can go ahead and select speech to speech where you can literally talk your script to it. And there are some reasons why you might want to do that. I'll talk about those in a second. For demonstration purposes in this video though, I'm going to use text to speech because I think that's what most advertisers um are going to do. So, I have prepared a short script for a relatively short UGC style uh video ad for my Facebook ads mentor program. So, we'll use that for demonstration purposes and I'm going to go ahead and paste that in here. So, I'm just going to very quickly run through this and then we're going to do some other stuff to it so you've got the context and you understand it. Right. So, the script we've got here is if you're running meta ads but your results just aren't where they should be, you've got to check out Ben Heath mentorship. It's getting amazing feedback from marketers and business owners. You get access to exclusive training, unlimited one-to-one support, and daily live calls with Ben and his team. They manage tens of millions in ad spend, so you're learning directly from people who actually do this every day. If you're serious about improving your meta ads, book a call on their site. It could honestly be a total game changer. So, what you might have noticed about this script is that it makes sense given where it's coming from, right? So, it's UGC style. It's not written as if it's going to be delivered by me or someone in my company. It's someone external, which is what UGC is. But it's also not coming from someone who is claiming to have been through my mentorship program, which given it's going to be an AI actor that is uh reading this. That also makes sense. It would almost be like creating a fake testimonial if we got if we added a script in here and then got an AI actor to say, "Oh, I went through the mentorship program and it was absolutely fantastic and I got great results." No, instead we're talking about it's getting amazing feedback from marketers and business owners. We're using like industry hype. And I think that's an important thing I wanted to quickly mention that I I do see advertisers do wrong when it comes to using AI to produce UGC ads is they sort of they go over the line in my opinion and they sort of effectively end up creating fake testimonials. You don't want to do that. You don't need to do that. A script like that written in that way that makes a lot of sense that only makes truthful claims uh like we have had amazing feedback, we do manage the money, etc., etc., this can work really well anyway. So you don't need to go uh and and sort of do things that might be seen as a little bit dodgy from uh certain people. Now what we want to do once we've added in the script itself is click this button here which is add speech emotion and this will be done for you automatically. [snorts] And you can see here that what archad has worked out is the emotion to apply to the AI actor in this case for each line or you know sentences etc. So excited for that opening line. That makes total sense. Like if you're running meta ads, have you heard about Beny's mentorship? Like that's exactly what you want. Enthusiastic. Yeah, totally. Curious. They manage tens of million ad spent. So you're learning directly from people who actually do this every day. And then firmly with the call to action. If you're serious about improving meta ads, book a call on their site, excited. It could honestly be a total game changer. So I quite like all of those. Like I think that totally makes sense. We could look to delete them out if you're like, "Oh, you know what? I'm not sure curious is right." Um, you could look to add in, you know, we could go let let's come back and and put excited in here. So, you can play around with this depending on how you want to um to get the tone of the ad in there. I'm just going to delete that out and leave that that one as is. Um, so just a really nice little feature that you need to be aware of and you can have a play around with so that you get the the feel of what an AI actor is about to produce for us that fits your brand and fits how you want to advertise. And you can always give this a go and then produce video ad and if you think, oh, that's not quite right there, you can come back in and make modifications. But yeah, a really cool little feature that you should be aware of. And this emotion element is why you might want to consider using the alternative for adding your script in which is speech to speech because if you talk your script to it, um, then you can put in that tonality and add that emotion in yourself. Some people are going to be good at doing that, some people won't. So, I think most people are going to stick to text to speech as I've done here, but just know that is an option and that's why you might want to use the speechtoech variation. So, we've got our script added in, we've got the emotion added in, we've got our settings, and now we need to go ahead and click add actors. And you can see here that there are lots of defaults. It's sorted by most popular. We can go ahead and select different people. Um, we can then look to narrow it down. if we want to help find the right avatars effectively. So, do we want female? Do we want male? Uh how old do we want them to be? Adult, young adult, senior, etc. Um we can talk about the different situations like where are they? And this is going to be very very business specific of what makes sense. Like if you're selling a skin care type thing, maybe the bathroom makes a load of sense. Um if you're selling uh home related products, maybe you want to be in the kitchen if it's to do with the kitchen. You know, there's going to be all sorts of things that you can have a think about. Would that be good for my business? Would that help grab attention? Would that fit the products and services that I'm talking about? You can see here we've got accessories, right? So, if you want to try and sell bags, then you might want to select that option. We can do different emotions. So, do you want your brand to be conveyed by someone that's really quite calm, maybe a bit more subdued or really enthusiastic or frustrated even depending on your angle of how it is you're looking to sell what you sell. And we've also got various skin tones. And it's it's important points here when it comes to selecting these these AI actors. The first is that a general marketing rule is that people buy from people that look and sound like them. So you often want to try and match your ideal prospects, your ideal customers with the look, sound, age, gender, etc. location even of the the AI actors. Um, but also one of the, and this is one of the best use cases for using AI for UGC, is that you might have lots of different people within your target audience. So, you might have some old people, some young people, uh people of of different uh ages. You could have people of different like uh professions. So, obviously, this person here is designed to be set up demonstrating like an older doctor. So, you might be like, "Okay, great. We could create lots of different UGC ads. one for that really hits this group of people and this one that hits really this group of people within our target market. It's just going to speak to them more if they see someone talking about a product or service that look and sounds like them. Right? And the reason why people do that is very simply because if you are looking at someone that looks and sounds like you and they're saying this worked well, this is a great product, you are more likely to believe that it will work for you as well. That's that mechanism and and why that works, right? So, if we just hover over, we can see they sort of give a little um demonstration of how this might look um obviously before we've applied our script and things like that. So, let's give an example of that. >> Welcome to archives. I'm one of the natural AI actors you can use for your ads. Create a script you think. >> So, you can see like super natural looking um basically looks like a real person, which is exactly what we're we're looking for here. And you can go through the various options and we've got different settings and all sorts. Right. >> So once you're in here, you want to spend a bit of time, have a little bit of play, go through the various options and see which ones you like. You can always obviously come back and and uh use more different AI actors later. Um there are other I think really good touches. You can tell that Arc Ads has been the clue is in the name has been built with ads in mind. So like this one for example, Victoria having the dog on the lap that we know is going to help grab attention. Like imagine that being in a Facebook ad, Instagram ad as someone's scrolling. That's way more likely to grab their attention. Having this sort of sleepy dog being stroked on a lap, even if it's not related, you know, not selling anything dog related, that's going to help grab attention. That's a nice touch with a UGC ad um that is has just been sort of thought about from an ad standpoint, which I really appreciate. So, I'm going to go ahead and grab You can have multiple selections. I'm going to grab Victoria. I like Lauren. Um or like Winston for example wouldn't make a huge amount of sense for I mean we do actually to be fair we do have doctors in my mentorship program people have like medical practice so I suppose we could select Winston but I think like Charles is a more obvious example given the setting uh and we can just go through and we could collect a whole bunch um of these and go ahead and produce them and like I said give us a full array of like UC avatars I've used Helen in the past I think that's a she's a good option as well. So let's just go ahead with those four for now. So, we can go ahead and click add actors. And then what we can do is we can listen through to like an audio preview. So, let's go ahead and do that with Lauren with our um our script now as opposed to like the default uh that they had before. So, let's give this a listen. mentorship. It's getting amazing feedback from marketers and business owners. You get access to exclusive training, unlimited one-to-one support, and daily live calls with Ben and his team. They manage tens of millions in ad spend, so you're learning directly from people who actually do this every day. If you're serious about improving your meta ads, book a call on their site. It could honestly be a total gamecher. >> Great. So, I really like that. Obviously, you want to check through and make sure that it sounds good, but also like the emotion felt right there. you know, this doesn't need to be over the top with my brand. Um, but it fel felt confident in in what was being said, assertive, like all the things we're we're looking for. There's some excitement in there. But you do have quite a lot of control here. And you can adjust various things. So, for example, we could have that AI actor the visual, but we could change the voice. So, we've got Lauren default, right? But we could go with some of the other options here that are recommended, [clears throat] right? And you can see that there's different uh emotions to go with them depending on what it is that we were looking to sell. So, okay, we could go, for example, if I go ahead and click on this. >> Welcome to Arcads. I'm one of the ads. >> So, still an option that Ards feels fits with the visual of that AI actor, but a different voice. If we were like, I really like the look of this person, but the voice isn't quite right. Just know that there are uh various options. I'm going to go ahead and select use a default voice there. Um, so that's that's one option you can change. You can also um with this voice change various elements. So we could change the speed. We could be like, "Ah, it's a little bit slow, a little bit fast. Um, if anything, the one I just listened to I might say was a touch slow, so I might want to up that slightly, but not not a big deal." Um, stability and similarity are interesting. So you can see stability here uh controls voice consistency. So do you want there to be like steady um voice throughout or do you want there to be more sort of fluctuations which can be a little bit more engaging? That's going to be totally up to your brand and how you feel it is. And then we've also got similarities, right? So, how much of the the tone do you want to be similar between the different segments or do you want there to be bigger variation? Again, maybe try and capture attention. So, there's a trade-off with these two between more attention holding um with like more variance versus potentially feeling a bit calmer and a bit more grounded with the other ones. And then we've also got style exaggeration. So, how much do you want to enhance those emotions and the expressive elements? Do you want it to be like really quite big and over the top? That's not really my brand. Ads tend to be on the calmer side of things in that sense. >> Facebook ads just don't work. [snorts] >> But we could, you know, really look to go and whack that up and make that more extreme, which for some brands is absolutely perfect. So, lots of different options you can play around with the settings and you can go through each one and change various things. Once you're happy with the audio as it sounds and you've selected your actors, you can then go ahead and click this and then Archads will pop up this window with a few sense check things. So, you know, avoid certain types of content, avoid typos, uh make sure that proper punctuation is being used because that can impact like the tonality in the speech and whether or not things make sense. Um, you can see uh credit consumption. So, we need four credits because we've got four different UGC videos. That's kind of how the system works. Uh, so we're going to go ahead and click generate video. And now it's going to take, you know, a couple of minutes maybe to generate um these videos. And once they're ready, we can then go through and check them out. And actually, before I recorded this video, I did a practice run through uh to make sure I could show all the archads features that I wanted to and demonstrate it properly. I do that before all my videos, but what that means is I've actually created all four of these uh videos already with the script that we're talking about. So, let's go and have a look at what Arcad has been able to create for us. Right. So, let's click in here. And I want to mix it up. So, I'm going to use a different video as opposed to what we used previously. And let's go ahead and give this a watch. be, you've got to check out Ben Heath's >> How crazy is that? I mean, that is nuts. That is so realistic from the mouth movement. Like, you've got to really pay very close attention to realize that that it's AI. A lot of people will not. I suppose say the majority of people this put in front of will not. Um, it's got the tonality right. We've talked about all the various options you can use. And what I really like as well, what I think is crazy is the the the very human-like elements where certain parts of that script were given extra emphasis. Um, not necessarily that we told it to, which you can do in the script, but was just picked up on automatically and added in. So, let me give you an example. So, see where she says these guys spend tens of millions, which is obviously an important um thing that we really want to emphasize because it's a credibility indicator for our business. But if I can find that in the where it is >> and his team these guys managed tens of millions in ad spend. >> You see that like a little like tens of millions like eyebrows went up a little emphasis in the in the voice which is exactly what we would want to see. And they've got another example here right at the end where she says like game changer and it's it's just what you would want from a real person. It's what I would want if I had hired a real person to create a UGC ad. They'll be like put extra emphasis on these parts please. These are the really important parts. It's just picked up on automatically which is nuts. Watch watch this last part. even your meta ads. Book a call on their site. It could be a total game changer. >> So what I mean book a call on their site. It could be a total game changer. That game changer is really emphasized. So this I mean this is crazy. This is this is a gamecher for Facebook and Instagram advertisers to be able to produce UGC style ads like that to be able to produce loads of them really quickly and easily. What would have taken months of work previously to we've done it like I know what it takes. We've done it for years to be a to contact all those different creators or reach out to previous customers and try and get them to use stuff. It's not going to look as good 90 plus% of the time. So, a lot of it you won't be able to use. There's so much communication and back and forth and creators wanting to know what they get for it and be paid and all that sort of stuff. And just being able to do this really quickly and easily with Arcads is just nuts. Such good news for Facebook and Instagram advertisers. Now, I would say this video is good to go. Uh, but if we wanted to, we could go ahead and download it and we could add in like text overlay. Uh, we could add in B-roll. Let's say we wanted some B-roll of uh, me on a live call with people in my mentorship program to demonstrate that element, for example. We probably wouldn't with a UGC style ad because that would kind of take away from the UGC element of it being quite natural and and uh, not as produced. Um, but with Arcads, you can create other different types of uh, video ads that we already talked about earlier. So you might want to add that sort of stuff in. Just know that that's obviously an option that you can use. So unsurprisingly, I would strongly recommend you give Arcads AI a go. There is a link in the video description. Could not recommend them more highly. A complete game changer for us advertisers. And the other thing to quickly mention is that I've used an ad for my mentorship program as an example because we run ads for my mentorship program all the time. It makes sense. By the way, if you are interested in my mentorship program, there is a link in the video description um as well. So you can check that out. Book a free call with us to find out more. Um but actually there are lots of other businesses type where this type of ad this UGC style ad AI generated is even more beneficial than something like my mentor program. Think of all the e-commerce brands that always want more UGC style ads. It's such a high performing uh ad type for those those businesses. And like I said before so much work months of leazing and back and forth to get stuff that you might be able to do in minutes now which is just absolutely crazy. or the local businesses that can use something like this to talk about their their restaurant or their cafe or their gym or whatever whatever it is you're advertising. UC spans, you know, so many different niches that can work really well. And of course, there are other video ad styles um that you could make with uh with ARC ads. So, uh yeah, very exciting times for us Facebook and Instagram advertisers. So, as you've just seen, you can use Arc Ads to produce really highquality Facebook and Instagram video ads that are likely to help improve your Facebook and Instagram ad results. Once you've got a video ad, creative idea and a script, which leads to the obvious question of how do I produce the ideas? How do I get the scripts, which you can absolutely use AI to do? And it's not as simple as just using chat GPT or something similar to just say please write scripts for me. There are number of issues around just using that very basic tactic. I've got a much more sophisticated way which works much better, produces better ideas, and produces better video scripts that I demonstrate in detail in this video here. This really is the logical next step to what I've just shown you. So you can not only use AI to produce really high quality creative, but also create ideas and scripts so you never run out and can dominate your Facebook ads

  Top Comments:
  1. @davidloewy6394 [4 likes]: I'm really surprised @benhealth that you think these outputs look and sound so natural and human. Helen's mouth movements (14:45) are very robotic and sometimes a bit out of sych with the audo. I think 9 out of 10 users would agree. Does everyone here agree with Ben's reaction to how natural this looks? Ben, are there any levers or adjustments in Arcad to adjust the mouth movements or make these seem more natural.
  2. @dr.gamingmvp9829 [2 likes]: This iş awesome
  3. @Camilla_ads [2 likes]: I think you can still tell it’s AI, so it just harms the brand’s credibility.
  4. @DavidRussell-p5v [1 likes]: I'm sorry, but that is not a realistic video at all. I'll wait until it gets better before trying something like this.
  5. @victordiazincle5603 [1 likes]: Outstanding video!!
  6. @MosaicTravelandtours [1 likes]: Creatify is good as well.
  7. @ConradMedia28 [1 likes]: I usually don't skip your videos. Get that bread, I guess.
  8. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  9. @vihangathathsara1073: doesn't uploading AI genarated videos ban facebook pages?
  10. @wendel_the_wanderer: Can you use this for web design
  11. @goghoman: 88 dollars per month. no try out. no free tour. PAY FIRST!
  12. @scottwyatt2183: I used the link you provided to the site.  The site loads slowly and then stopped functioning 4 seperate times. 

The pricing is not straightforward. There are various monthly fees outlined and then “credits” can apparently drive up the costs significantly. They did not give a clear understanding of the credits or any example that might clear up confusion

Feels like the same ole, here we again with opaque pricing issue.  I could feel the money grab coming, so I felt like hiding my wallet

Terrible first impression
  13. @StandAgainstGen0cide: 🙈 wttf. this is awful
  14. @DougMotel: Any data on what types of goods and services have seen success with this?
  15. @megynv: Did you stop creating content about Google Ads? Just curious why. 😊
  16. @seomakerzone: Bardzo dobry film – montaż i energia mega! 🔥
Pracuję z kanałami z PL przy optymalizacji YouTube SEO, więc jakbyś kiedyś chciał/a popracować nad widocznością filmów, chętnie podpowiem coś, co pochodzi 🙂
Powodzenia z kolejnymi produkcjami! Dziękuję
  17. @Mindset-grindset81: To be honest you either listen and implement, or complain and stay left behind (so even if you complain learn), otherwise we wont be able to compete with our competition
  18. @SaraKanwal28: their TOS writes an insane fine! so weitd
  19. @guansongzou777: Beginner to performance marketing, and found your videos so far the most inspiring. 

Would you make a video about how to come up with ad / creative angles?
  20. @qaiedkapery1654: Would you still recommend a manual campaign for instant forms or does that change now with andomeda

- The Power of Personalization in the Age of AI | Mark Abraham | TED: Kind: captions Language: en It was a bright, sunny day, and I was out for a run when the large dog escaped from behind his fence, attacked me, bit me right in the leg. I fell, sprained my wrist, and to make matters worse, I find out he's not up-to-date on his rabies shots. OK, off to the local urgent care I go. I'd been there a bunch of times before, so I figured they'd have my information on file and quickly admit me. Instead, I got this. The same form that I filled out so many times before, and now I had to do so with a busted wrist. And then I sat there waiting and waiting. And nothing beats waiting in a waiting room then thinking, "Did I just get rabies?" (Laughter) This is the opposite of a personalized customer experience. You see it all around you, don't you? And it makes you want to go, "Ugh." There's the hurtful. My friend Sanjeev, his dog died six months ago, and his online marketplace is still sending him email recommendations for his dog's favorite treats. Then there's the inaccurate. I bought my uncle a cane online, and now I'm getting trolled with ads for hearing aids and senior citizen discounts all over the internet. I'm not that old. And then there’s the: “I don’t want another one of that. I just want one that works." I bought a dishwasher, and it arrived, after nine months, damaged. So I was waiting and waiting and the same company sent me an email. And then another and another with recommendations for more dishwashers. It's infuriating. And it doesn't have to be this way. I lead a team of over 1,000 people around the world dedicated to helping brands build better customer experiences, what we call true personalization. I've been geeking out about this for years, so much so that I even wrote a book on it. Check it out. And I want to share with you what I learned, because I think we need to be demanding better experiences from the brands we interact with, especially now, in this day and age when companies should be competing on the scale of insights they have about us at a speed enabled by AI and technology. OK, but let's start with what true personalization even is. Unlike customization, which is about tailoring products, say, a custom fabric for a sofa, personalization is about tailoring experiences. True personalization is when a brand takes what it learned about you in one interaction and makes your very next interaction better, faster, cheaper or more convenient. Sounds simple on paper, but in all my work I found there's not really a great way to measure a personalization. And it's really hard to improve what you can't measure. This is why my team and I built the personalization index. It's a simple score, 0 to 100, and it tells you exactly where a brand stands. You can score any company on it in any industry, and it's really the first measure of its kind. We did exactly this for hundreds of companies around the world, and the findings kind of shocked us. What may not surprise you is some of the companies at the top of the personalization index scoreboard. Of course, we have Netflix, and we all know they provide great feeds of movies that you love to watch, and they match your preferences. Then you have Starbucks. When you open their app, they provide personalized offers for your favorite drinks. But there are other, lesser known companies at the top of the personalization index. Take SonderMind, they’re a mental health app, and they actually score you on 12 different brain functions, and then they might match you up with your perfect therapist, or they would just give you helpful, everyday advice. Now some of the companies at the bottom of the personalization index also won't surprise you. They hail from industries like financial services, insurance, B2B distribution and, yes, US healthcare, including my local urgent care. But what did surprise us is the extent to which personalization can boost growth. My research shows that personalization leaders grow 10 points faster than laggards, 10 points. And they're building competitive moats. They're achieving the highest customer satisfaction scores. In fact, combined, personalization leaders will capture a two-trillion-dollar prize in incremental growth over the next five years. Yes, that's trillion with a T. OK, so with all this potential upside, you might ask: What’s the secret sauce to making customer experiences truly personalized? Here's the secret. And this was the most counterintuitive finding from our research. With true personalization, less is more. Less is more. Fewer ads, fewer offers, fewer messages, less spam. Because when a brand truly respects you and knows you, it's only going to show you what's relevant for you. With this "less is more" approach, a brand can build trust. OK, so let's look at how companies actually put "less is more" into action. A brand that's perhaps less talked about in this regard is Fidelity. And for those of you watching outside of the US, they’re a financial services company, and they do two things really well to live up to the "less is more" mantra. Number one, Fidelity really gets to know you. They don't just send you email and blast you and then make decisions off of open rates. No, they actually want to get to know the investment goals of each and every client. They might do this with a one-on-one meeting with an advisor or by sending you an online survey. Now this survey is really interesting because the company’s designed it with their future outreach efforts in mind. So they're really thinking about your next experiences from your very first interaction. They even have this cool thing called the gratitude question, where they ask, "What are you grateful for in your life?" And then they personalize your investment goals accordingly. Imagine what my experience would have been like in that local urgent care, had they been thinking about my future experiences from the first time I walked in. Second, Fidelity, once they get to know you, uses personalization to delight you. Teams look at your investment goals, along with data from your every next interaction to decide what to do next. Say you had a baby and you updated the beneficiaries on your life insurance. They would take this data and educate you on the benefits of opening a college savings account. They would even choose how to educate you. Say you were new to investing. They might show you a brief video. Or if you were really a savvy investor wanting to dig into the details, they'll send you an in-depth article. Next, and this is key, they would decide what not to do. For example, they might suppress that previously scheduled email about the newly launched Bitcoin fund. In this way, Fidelity massively reduced the scheduled outreach and shifted to a much more triggered and personalized approach. The result? Engagement and opt-in rates shot up. OK, so customers are happier. But what if I'm the guy at Fidelity in charge of brokerage transactions? What about me? If I can't spam my customers, I won't be able to meet my monthly goals, right? Wrong. Fidelity actually saw transactions increase with this new approach. But unfortunately, Fidelity is in the minority. The saddest part of our personalization index results is that only 10 percent of companies qualify as personalization leaders. As a result, we live in a world of spam. 360 billion emails are sent every day. Yet conversion rates and open rates are down. We downloaded 250 billion apps last year but uninstalled half of them within 30 days. And I'm afraid this is about to get much, much worse. Why, you ask? Because with gen-AI, companies can deliver an order of magnitude more content at a fraction of the cost in a fraction of the time. We're at the precipice of a content explosion, and the jury is still out on how this is going to go. So as business leaders, we need to stop myopically focusing on selling stuff -- these people don't want more dishwashers -- and build trust with personalization. My research is clear. When you personalize customers' experiences, they will give you their data much more willingly. In fact, the percentage rates go up from 30 to 90 percent. With this data in hand, companies can build a virtuous cycle. So if you're that email marketer out there still spamming customers, stop for a second, look at your unsubscribe rates, and think about how you feel getting all that irrelevant content. And as consumers, now is the time to make our voices heard. You can feel it when a brand isn't doing right by your attention, your dollar, your data, can't you? So break off that relationship, or at a minimum, give them a thumbs down in that survey after you had a bad experience. Companies are paying much more attention to this aspect of their digital relationship, so it's worth the two seconds to send that signal. I want to leave you with something that I think a lot about as I do this work. Have you noticed, people are a little bit angry? Actually, there are a lot angry. They're angry about big government and big corporations, about flying, they're angry about how everyone else is angry. Look, I'm not going to stand here as the personalization guy and tell you I have the answer to all the world's problems. But I do have to think underlying a lot of this simmering anger is a sense of not being heard, of being a cog in an unresponsive, impersonal world. I get it. For much of human history, the world was personal. We knew our butcher, baker and candlestick maker, and they knew us. It's only been in the last century or so, with the rise of mass commerce and digital advertising, that businesses got impersonal. The fact is, we have taken personalization out of our lives. It's time for businesses and us as consumers, to work together to put it back in. To make us feel seen and heard once again. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdvantestInc [14 likes]: I love the idea that 'less is more' when it comes to personalization. Fewer, more meaningful interactions definitely build trust.
  2. @torin_v [12 likes]: Most people do not want more AI, they want to feel seen. I have found the real win is the next message being the right one, and Resplst Marketing can help with that kind of clean follow up if someone is trying to get there.
  3. @mel_arquiza [3 likes]: "To fix the risks of personalization, it's essential to protect personal data and privacy with strong regulations. Personalization services should be universally accessible to avoid creating divides. Instead of relying on algorithms to make decisions, individuals should be empowered with clear information and guidance, enabling them to make their own informed choices. Systems should support decision-making by offering diverse and unbiased options, while ensuring that people, especially those with fewer opportunities, have the tools to freely explore all possibilities. Transparency and accountability remain crucial to maintaining fairness."
  4. @Whatifginger [2 likes]: This is cringe
  5. @LeChuck1717 [1 likes]: lame. unsubscribed from this ad.
  6. @azillaputri4714 [1 likes]: He has great ideas
  7. @IbrahimKone-ix4qi [1 likes]: I recently sold some of my long-term position and currently sitting on about 250k, do you think Nvidia is a good buy right now or I have I missed out on a crucial buy period, any good stock recommendation on great performing stocks or Crypto will be appreciated.
  8. @colin_D13 [1 likes]: I need a job but I have no degree or job experience to do what I want. I need help someone help
  9. @RoyalVizZionZ: The real issue is trust, not AI. If the follow up feels like a blast to everyone, people tune out fast, so a cleaner setup like Reepgetix makes a lot more sense than trying to send more and more.



Good talk, I learned this the hard way after sending the same emails to every lead and getting almost nothing back. What helped me most was cutting the list into simple groups, using the last action as the next message, and keeping the copy short instead of trying to sound smart. Once I stopped over messaging and only sent one useful follow up, the replies got way better and the unsubscribes dropped too.
  10. @BigDaddySnooSnoo: This was painful to watch. Wow.
  11. @theApeShow: Sounds more like an sales pitch than an actual talk.  I work in the field, have it down to a 1 to 1 level.  

Toughest part is dealing with folks like this.  The development and building is the easy part once leadership is on board.  Marketing and Sales have LOTS of ideas but miss the larger picture of the CX.
  12. @IvanPetrov-b8n: fck ads. all ads. personalized or no. all of them.
  13. @mariaantoniettamontella9173: applausi
  14. @lauriewilliams8103: I am holding everyone to a higher standard!
  15. @beniceorbegone: The Scott Galloway talk was good.

Why is it my job to make AI?

Is there an elite fashion section on Amazon?
  16. @soorenapars: I think he is a Fidelity agent for advertising this brand, his motions, and body language are artificial and I can't make a relationship between his opening scenario and his context.
  17. @Warwolf72: Thanks
  18. @GraceCalvin-f2y: White John Smith Donna Walker Gary
  19. @RM-xr8lq: AI is a good tool
  20. @werami9126: Terrifying

- How Companies Personalize Ads With Your Data (Explained Simply): Kind: captions Language: en Ever had this weird moment? You talk about a product like sneakers and a few minutes later an ad for those exact shoes pops up on your phone just once, but again and again. Kind of creepy, right? But it's not your phone listening. It's your data working behind the scenes. Before we break it down, go ahead and hit like, subscribe, and drop a comment. [music] I've seen it happen. Let's see how many of us have noticed this. Today, we're diving into how companies personalize ads using your data, and what that really means for you. Let's keep it simple. When you go online, scroll social media, watch YouTube, shop, or search for anything, you're leaving behind tiny clues about who you are and what you like. [music] Companies collect those clues to show you ads that are more relevant, more interesting, and honestly, more likely to make you buy. It's like they're saying, "Why show you random stuff when we can show you what you almost already want?" For example, your friend sees ads for hiking gear. You see K-pop merch. Same app, different ads. Because the app knows your habits, what you like, what you shop for, and what grabs your attention. Let's talk about the actual stuff they track. Because it's a lot more than just your clicks. Here's the kind of stuff companies track. what you [music] search for, what you watch, what you click on, what you like or share, your age, gender, and location, what time you're online, even how long you look at something. That's right. Just pausing on a photo or ad for a few seconds, that counts, too. They build a profile of you, even if they don't know your name. It's like a digital version of you based on your behavior you've seen that pop up. The site uses cookies. Except cookies are small files websites save on your browser. They remember where you go, what you do, and what you like. Cookies help companies to keep you logged in. Remember what you added to your cart. Track how long you stayed on a page and know what you clicked after you left the site. Ever look at a product once and then it follows you on every other site for days? That's called retargeting and cookies make it happen. Now, collecting all that data is only part of it. The real magic happens with algorithms. Algorithms are like super smart formulas that study your data and try to predict what you'll do next. They ask questions like, "What kind of stuff do you usually click? Do you stop and read or scroll past quickly? What do people like you usually buy?" And then they match you with ads you're most likely to respond to. If you just watch three videos about traveling to Japan, don't be surprised when you see [music] ads for flights, travel insurance, or sushi making kits, it's not a coincidence. It's a calculated move. This stuff is everywhere. Let's look at real examples. Amazon shows you items like the ones you browse. Netflix recommends shows based on what you watched. Instagram or Tik Tok ads appear based on who you follow and what you engage with. In emails, you get discounts or product emails based on your past purchases. [music] Ever look at a shirt once, then see it again 10 times? That's no accident. So, how do they even get all this data? [music] There are three ways. First, you give it like when you sign up, fill out forms or shop. Second, they track it using cookies, app activity, and more. Third, they buy it. Yep. Companies sell and trade your data. There are businesses out there whose whole job is collecting and selling data and they are called data brokers. Here's the debate. The good side is that you get ads that actually matter to you. You discover stuff you didn't even know you wanted. Less noise, more [music] Oh, I like that. But on the bad side of it, your privacy takes a hit. You're being watched more than you think. And sometimes it's just too much. Some people find it helpful. Others find it super creepy. If you want to take back a bit of control, here are some tips. Clear cookies and history [music] often. Use private browsing or incognito mode. Limit app permissions [music] cause. Do they really need your location? Turn off ad personalization in your settings like for Google, Facebook, and others. Just be more aware of what [music] you share. You don't have to disappear from the internet, but you can be smarter about what you let it learn [music] about you. So now you know. Next time you get an ad that feels a little too perfect, you'll know why. Companies are personalizing ads using your data. And [music] now you know how they do it. If you learned something new, drop a comment saying, "Now I get it." Don't forget to like, [music] subscribe, and share this with someone who always says, "Why does my phone know everything I think about?" Because now you [music] can explain it. Thanks for watching. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDataVaultTV: 📊 Welcome to The Data Vault! Get the edge with data-driven insights that grow your business.
👍 Like the video
💬 Drop a comment
🔔 Subscribe for more videos like this and smart strategies that drive results

Let’s unlock smarter growth—together. 🚀

- How To Block Personalized Ads On Facebook (2024): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody, hope you're doing well&nbsp; and welcome to another tutorial. Today&nbsp;&nbsp; we're learning how to block&nbsp; personalized ads on Facebook. First of all, open up your Facebook app. Go to the three lines menu and then go&nbsp;&nbsp; to Settings. Tap on See more in Account Center.&nbsp; Scroll down and tap on Ad preferences. Tap on Activity information.&nbsp; Go to Review settings and select No. Then go to Ad settings outside&nbsp;&nbsp; of Meta and click on Not allowed. Go to Social interactions and select Only me.&nbsp; And that is how you block&nbsp; Thank you so much for watching this video. If&nbsp; you enjoyed the video, don't forget to like,&nbsp;&nbsp; comment, share, and subscribe. We&nbsp; will see you in the next tutorial!

- Facebook Ads Asset Customization Explained: Make Ads Fit Every Placement Perfectly: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and once again welcome to our YouTube channel. In this video from our Facebook ad series, we're going to talk about asset customization. This topic is directly connected to our previous discussion on placements. But I have made a separate video for this because many people tend to ignore this part. I feel that by explaining it individually, more people will understand how important it actually is. So let's begin by understanding what the word asset really means in the context of Facebook ads. Whenever we talk about ads, assets refer to the creative element we use. Think like headlines, images, descriptions, etc. Basically, anything that forms the core of our ad is called an asset. So, when we say asset customization, we're talking about customizing our ad creatives, including elements like the CTA, description, and visuals to better suit the platform where the ad will appear. Facebook gives us the option to customize these assets based on placements. This means you can show different versions of your ad depending on where it appears like stories, feed or res. Now let's see where you can find this option. I'll head over to one of my ad sets in Facebook ads manager. And when I click on edit just below the placement section, you will notice an area label asset customization. Here, Facebook shows you that the placements you've selected support customization. In simple terms, if you want, you can personalize your ad creatives based on each placement. This helps your ads perform better as the design and messaging can be optimized for the format where it appears, leading to a better user experience and hopefully better results from your campaign. Now, let's see how exactly we use asset customization inside Facebook ads. Earlier when this feature was newly introduced, you didn't get the option to customize your assets for all placements. It was available for only a few specific placements. But now, as you can see, for all the placements we've selected, Facebook is allowing us to customize them. Since we're customizing the ad creative itself, we need to go to the ad level in ads manager. So here I'm selecting a particular ad. And once I scroll down to the media section, I can see how many placements are associated with this image. For example, under feeds, it shows a list of placements where this ad will appear. Similarly, under story than it shows where the ad will be displayed and the same applies for search. So, we now have clear categories showing us the placements. Let's say I want to customize the ad specifically for stories. You can call this asset customization or placement level optimization. What we can do is simply click on the pencil edited icon next to the placement. As you can see, the selected placement here is Facebook stories and a preview of how the ad will appear in stories is shown. Based on this preview, if you feel the image or video doesn't fit well, you can change it. You also have the option to crop the media or trim the video to adjust its duration. You can even manually set a custom thumbnail if needed. Additionally, there are options to add extra text or change the primary text specifically for this placement. But keep in mind, this customization only applies to this one placement. It won't affect how the ad looks in other placements. That's the true power of asset customization. It allows you to design your creative in a way that looks perfect for each placement individually. Beyond that, you also have options like text overlays, logo overlays, and more. For example, if I want to add a custom text to this ad, I can click on the text tool, type something like hello, and it will appear on the preview. I can adjust the text size, move it around using the nine grid alignment tool, and even change its color. So, in this way, we can truly customize our ad based on the specific placement. This level of testing and optimization is often missed even by experienced advertisers. I've gone in depth here at the ad level, but I encourage you to always check how your ad appears in primary placements like Facebook and Instagram feeds or stories. If you as the advertiser aren't satisfied with how it looks, imagine how the user might feel. So, always remember, while we may be running ads through machines, the people seeing them are humans. Your ads should feel human friendly and well-designed. These tools are here to help you do exactly that. That's all for this video. I'll see you in the next one.

- How To Use Post ID & Asset Customization In Your Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en one of the biggest mistakes in Facebook ad account is not using the post ID some people don't know how to use it some don't want to use it cuz it disabled asset customization but there's a way to combine post ID and asset customization it's an easy fix and can lower your CPA drastically I'm using this on all of my 8 and N figure ad account and it is super simple thing that has a massive impact so why is supposed to be so powerful because it enables you to gather all the social proof on one unique identifier which makes your ads way more powerful both in Facebook's eyes and in users eyes just think of yourself when you're scrolling to Tik Tok you're more inclined to watch the video that has 3 million likes or video with 17 likes obviously the one with 3 million likes the same goes for user that are scrolling to Facebook they're more inclined to stop by the ad that has 50 different comments compared to the ad that has just two likes on the other side using asset customization enables you to have one format shown in the feed and another on the story making the ad look native to the placement where it is shown so let's combine that I suggest always having one ad Builder campaign in my case that's my testing campaign it's easier to do all of the iterations of the similar ad when you have an original ad stored somewhere in the Builder campaign but let's get to the post ID process for example when you create the ad do not and I repeat do not add any additional format here this would make your ad Dynamic and get harder to extract the post ID you want to initially select only one format usually 1ex one for images and 4x five for videos so you can see here that I don't have anything under stories and reals and under right column so after you created the ad and you publish it which I already did you go to preview then click here Facebook post with comments now you get something like this business. facebook.com/ your page name your posts and the post ID you can copy this in case you use the Dynamic creative this would be here it would say dco blah blah blah blah so how to get the post ID out of this ad you click here on a timestamp or uh date so it takes you here and now you got this pfb ID and this can act as your post ID so let's get back to the ad account the next step is go to the campaign where you want to use your ad no matter if it's your testing or scaling campaign now when you create the ad you want to use existing post so let's just showcase it here so basically here's the original ad I'm just going to duplicate it and now instead of create the ad you pick use existing post and now you have this option here enter post ID now you just space that one click this check mark and Facebook would pull this one so basically now when you want to use this ad anywhere else make sure to use this ad with the post ID because that's the ad that's Gathering all the social proof under one campaign no matter how many times and in what campaigns you duplicate Pro tip here is when you switch from a Regular Ad to post ID ad often UTM is uh gone so make sure to paste that as well but now we still have issue with an asset customization because your original format would be shown weird on a reals and story it would get cropped and Brands don't really want an ad to look like wrong format is shown on a different placement so here's the trick that you've been waiting for on the ad level here you go here to addit placement click here select placement to edit let's just say that we want to edit the creative for story and reals you click here then you click change then you go okay account videos let filter to 9x 16 which is full screen vertical which should be perfect format for reals and story and now we pick this video you click save and you click publish now you have a perfect setup ad that is gathering all the social proof and yeah that's native to all the placements so let's look like how it looks so basically on a feed it looks like this when you go to advanc preview so if you did not use an asset customization on top of the post ID this would get cropped here but now you can see that on stories and reals it looks organically because it's full screen video not sure why Facebook is forcing us to find these workarounds instead of making this thing simpler especially for dynamic creative now they even change that you can extract only one post ID from a dynamic creative in case you need help implementing the post ID and an asset customization in your ad account comment below and I'll try to resolve it if you're a brand spending at least 50k on your Facebook ad account and you're not using this you're definitely missing out if you want me to audit your ad account just apply for the audit below cheers

  Top Comments:
  1. @rcmanization [2 likes]: good guide! Does this mean that only your facebook ad will have the social proof, but the instagram placements will not?
Is there a way to have the social proof for both the facebook and instagram placements at the same time (like you did with the reels/stories placement)?
  2. @therilla [1 likes]: Clicking on the timestamp in the preview of a dco/dct ad just gives a link that ends with "/videos/1234567890" instead of the pfbid like you mentioned. Is this a bug in my account?

Scrolling through the "page posts" in the ad account works sometimes, but takes forever to test each post id, and is never guaranteed to be the right one.
  3. @mattorlic [1 likes]: Always so much value!
  4. @mayamihajlovic3982: post IDs have never worked for me, when I duplicate ads into my new campaigns they always retain social proof! not sure if facebook is playing games with me
  5. @jordi8475: Thanks for the video! When I change the 9:16 placement, the engagement disappear across all placements and the title of the 1:1 placement is changed to the title of the product? Has this happened to you?
  6. @philippdieser397: Does asset customization still work with statics? I see the edit placement button only with video posts, not with statics.
  7. @g1annyyy: Hey bro, so it seems that you can only do add / replace with only one creative at a time. So does that mean you have to do it 3 separate times for 3 creatives? 

Normally when I upload an ad set, it’s 3 creatives 🙌
  8. @Malagado: how to find the exact post to put some modification on it please ?
  9. @Annu.Thakur.123: Fantastic breakdown on Facebook ad strategies! Custom Post IDs really help in targeting. On the email side, DoYouMail has been my go-to for a while now. Their automatic DNS setup for SPF and DKIM saved me so much hassle. You get a lot of power for a low fee, so definitely consider using it!
  10. @subhajitdas2237: Really enjoyed this video about Facebook ads! You explained asset customization so clearly. Mystrika has been instrumental in my email campaigns, the numerous features like tag management and AI personalization are beyond helpful. If you are venturing into cold emails, definitely consider using it. You will be grateful you did!
  11. @Subhasishmondal-if4zv: The way you explained asset customization is a breath of fresh air! It makes such a difference in engagement. After using FilterBounce these past couple of months, my email outreach has transformed. Their real-time verification API is brilliant for tricky domains. You might want to give this one a go if you care about email quality.
  12. @lehmannfr1: Hello Marin,
What are your thoughts, on duplicating fresh new ads when they have been just published vs using the same post id?
Both situation on the same Ad Set very large and broad audiences!!
  13. @YannickKramer: Do you know how to retrieve the post ID of a catalog collection ad? The option "Facebook post with comments" is not available.