- The Evolution of Facebook's Software Architecture: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going to be explaining how facebook system architecture evolved over time from something simple like this to something more like this now how do i know anything about this well in 2005 about one year after facebook's initial launch mark zuckerberg was a guest lecturer at harvard university's cs50 course and if you've never heard of cs50 it's basically the most popular introductory computer science course on the internet today now during zuckerberg's 1.5 hour lecture he talks a lot about how facebook faced different types of problems as the application expanded to more universities more users and of course more features personally i find that there's a lot of valuable learnings to be had from this type of analysis because you get to understand the problem as it was at the time and the progressive steps that zuckerberg and his team took to solve it now lucky for you you don't have to watch that 1.5 hour video because i watch the entire thing and i'm going to summarize it for you in the next 10 or so minutes but first you need a little bit of context into how facebook originally worked and by the way did you know it was originally called the facebook that's just weird right in today's world facebook is a global application you can search for absolutely anyone on the platform and provided you know the person's name and the person doesn't have some kind of overly restrictive privacy settings now an interesting historical fact here is that facebook was originally developed so that you could only connect with a user that went to the same school so for instance if you went to one school and your friend goes to another you wouldn't have been able to interact with each other but if you both went to the same school you would now this is an important point because this product decision had a very interesting effect on the way the architecture was able to evolve to scale to the crazy amount of users that facebook had around 6 million or so at the time so in the very early stages the entire facebook platform was hosted on a single rented computer the exact configuration that zuckerberg was used was what's called a lamp stack which consisted of linux for the operating system apache for the web server my sequel for the database and php as the programming language now of course a good amount of html and css were also used for the styling of the website this architecture was super straightforward when a request came in the apache server would receive the request query the database that was running on the same machine and then return the content back to the user and this is how facebook originally worked for the first thousand users or so now most of you may be inclined to think that facebook started with some super sophisticated architecture and some well thought out design but we can see here that this is completely the opposite lamp stacks were and still continue to be to this day one of the most simple tech stacks out there and by the way wordpress sites which power about 33 of the entire internet are hosted on lamp stacks it's literally everywhere now what i really want to point out here before i move on is that you don't need to be some kind of genius and over engineer a solution when you're starting a new product if you build a good enough product that solves a problem for people it's bound to do well so as i always say when you're starting a new project just keep it simple during facebook's rapid expansion in 2004 and 2005 zuckerberg describes a key architecture decision to allow the application to scale to millions of users the biggest barrier for scale at the time was the algorithm that was used to power the friends of a or connections feature that everyone on facebook really loves there's something just so interesting about finding mutual friends now zuckerberg goes into quite a lot of depth about this problem but i'll summarize the essence of it here for you now so say there's me daniel and you and we're friends with one another and i want to know who are our mutual friends so who are the people that we both have as friends now how can i go about doing that well the most simple and most straightforward way to figure this out is to one by one examine each of one of my friends and see if they're connected to you and separately examine each one of your friends and see if they're connected to me the resulting users would be those individuals that are mutual friends of both of us now this is all fine when you're looking only one level down like we are here but what happens if we want to know who are the common mutual friends of your friend's friends that would be three levels deep the complexity for solving this computation grows exponentially so with each level we need to examine more and more users to find out our mutual friends or similarly to find out how or if two people are somehow connected to one another zuckerberg describes this problem as being one of the key drivers of a major architectural decision how to scale their application to still maintain this lovable feature but also make the computation more manageable now how zuckerberg and the company decide to solve this problem is to partition his single database of users into one database per university now afterwards when a request came in to find who are the mutual friends four or five levels deep the number of users we have to search for becomes much much smaller because you're only looking for mutual friends within your own school now some actually say that he didn't really solve the problem he just restricted the usability of facebook to allow it to scale but that's a completely separate topic for another video now zuckerberg himself acknowledged that this was a technical decision that ended up working out pretty well for the company and allowed them to scale to around 50 or 100 schools which is where the next problem surfaced its head now the next key problem that zuckerberg faced after this was the variance of usage between schools for instance a large school like penn state had over 50 000 users while a small university in ohio would only have a thousand or so users now the existing architecture meant that if a surge of users from penn state were overloading the server with requests and brought down the hosting machine users from other schools will also be affected obviously this was a really bad experience in order to solve this problem zuckerberg opted to separate out the application machines that received web traffic from his database machines which stored and served all the underlying data separately he split up the databases onto multiple different machines this approach had many key benefits but the biggest two are as follows now number one the application machines would be used generically to process a request for any university this made the application fleet of machines generic and allowed them to simply keep on adding more machines to the fleet in order to scale this concept is called horizontal scaling and i have an entire video about this topic and i'll put that in the description section below now the second key benefit is that the databases for each school can now exist on completely separate machines and not on the same instance this means that an outage for a single machine would not affect an outage in another this was a huge boost to reduce the blast radius so that only a subset of users were affected in the case of an issue with a single database machine now the next major problem that zuckerberg faced had to do with sql now mysql is a pretty great out of the box database but when you're getting over a hundred million page views a day and several hundred thousand concurrent users at a given time even my sequel has its limits the hurdle for zuckerberg was to scale the application even further by introducing a caching layer now if you haven't heard of a cache before i'm not going to go into it into too much detail i actually have a whole video on caches which i'll put down below so you can watch that separately but essentially caching is the idea that for a given request for a user instead of having the application query we can instead store a copy of that information in memory and i emphasize in memory here because in memory lookups are extremely extremely efficient extremely fast now by using this approach we can offload some of the computation off of the database servers and instead store some of that redundant information in memory on the application machines or in a caching fleet now to be precise zuckerberg used memcache which is an open source caching library and configured it to be distributed over many machines so cache data was split up across multiple different machines in the cache fleet now this approach allowed the application to scale to even more users but had some big holes in it specifically zuckerberg mentioned that facebook had major issues when a single cash fleet went down and the main reason this happens is because caches are generally key value lookup stores and what do you think zuckerberg probably used for the key it was probably the school right now the way memcache works is that it distributes your data based on the input key so if a single machine went down it could potentially be storing all of the cache data for an entire school so if this happened incoming requests would find no data in the cache and have to query the underlying database for that data now at facebook scale this could cause the underlying database to go down or get swarmed with requests now zuckerberg doesn't go much further into this particular problem but does mention that they made some custom modifications to the memcache library in order to mitigate this issue as a quick little post analysis it's very interesting to look at all of these changes and to see how facebook's architecture evolved to solve all these small problems as they arose so i hope you learned something and found this video enjoyable and if you did hit that like and subscribe button and make sure to check out the other software engineering and system design videos on my channel thanks so much and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dsksea [14 likes]: You’re an amazing teacher. I’ve learned a lot of AWS from you. This channel is criminally underrated.
  2. @alibalba [7 likes]: Your communication skills are excellent! Such a great explanation, thank you!
  3. @Itachi.Uchiha.Offical [2 likes]: Is the pronunciation 'MySequel' common in the US? I only know it as 'My S. Q. L.', and so says Wikipedia.
  4. @kgoblin5084 [1 likes]: I have to be a pedant for the 1st bit... tech stack is not the same as architecture. Analogous to physical objects, the tech stack is the material, the architecture is the design. Obviously 1 influences the other, but they're not at all the same; & most of the later innovations made by FB can be done easily in LAMP (& in fact, were probably done by FB in LAMP...)
Now, eventually LAMP does become unscalable, but that  is due to architectural problems in each component, not limits in the architecture of an application implemented using LAMP.
  5. @hatimus [1 likes]: Amazing. Thank you.
  6. @crude-dude [1 likes]: Very cool video! Happy to find your channel!
  7. @dralbertomarquez [1 likes]: WOW! so much information. Thank you very much.
  8. @EpicHardware [1 likes]: Epic! i always appreciate fast well presented information.
  9. @tomstravelingadventures [1 likes]: Love these videos... thank you! 👍
  10. @babusivaprakasam9846 [1 likes]: Awesome and insightful
  11. @Hua-q1n: Wonder what FB did for Memcached lib in case of failure. Maybe changing the hash algorithm or adding more replicas?
  12. @anamjaved8839: Thanks for this!! Great work, please keep making more videos :)
  13. @ApplicableProgramming: I like your videos a lot, If I may suggest a small teleprompter for reading complicated texts, usually I do not notice reading in your videos, but here it was quite noticable. I personally use some cheap ebay model like "keyisofine teleprompter" or something else from ebay, or maybe  the original parrot teleprompter. Then you just put it in front of the camera and use your phone for reading. I like it so much now that I recommend it to everyone :D

- Evolution of Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en Heat. [music] Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Hey everyone. [music] Heat up here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @liamhoffmann5881 [1 likes]: Bro in 2020 its like 2010 again besuace of the 2020 login page lol
  2. @musty516 [1 likes]: 👉 Facebook 🌍💰💰🇺🇲🇺🇲 Sextillion...×%$×$$💰💰🌍🇺🇲
  3. @terseanhorton475 [1 likes]: 2014-16 facebook was so underrated bring that era back
  4. @AyyLarry [1 likes]: Now all you get is advertisements and pages requested in the feed.
  5. @MohamadAshraf-m9k: Now it's ai and advisement platform full of bullsh*t
  6. @piedmontbeliever: I only joined for the flash games now it's been twelve years since I deleted my account.
  7. @butterscotchfour2951: Now I feel old lll
  8. @QuandaleDingleHere: Facebook has become incredibly boring. Very few people interact on the platform anymore and I remember when you would be posting status updates 2-3 times a day and looking at other friends status updates. Now I hardly ever post updates.
  9. @ahmedjama6271: I remeber the game taxi driver
  10. @rayyyyyyy6: SORRYY MY PRADAS AT THE CLEANERS
  11. @miguelrodriguez9681: Wao! Trae nostalgia.
  12. @Peterlostttt11: after 2014 they F IT UP!!! The old layout was amazing
  13. @ndgprasad: I created facebook account account back in 2008 to play farmville
  14. @NormaSolorio-v6p: Me gusta todo Loque tengo
  15. @Blur2003: damn shi make me cry
  16. @vcool920: 2012-13 was so good
  17. @Josehartford253: Facebook 2007 Facebook 2010
  18. @FoodieJacome: 56 seconds was my first 😢😢😢
  19. @deontaedouglas: 2008 - 2014
  20. @Mokshana.ankara: i liked when we could put all kinds of widgets on our wall. and when we saw our friends' posts in real time... not the algorithm showing us what they think we want to see but its like that same 3 friends, a shit ton of ads, and posts from like 2 weeks ago 🙄

- Vocal Coach Reacts to Citizen Queen - Evolution of Girl Groups: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys I'm Tara with Tara Simon studios and today for the very first time I'm going to be reacting to citizen Queen the evolution of girl groups now listen here my little youtube subscriber fans and family and all of you lovely people I've never reacted to them before I don't know all of their names that go with their faces so cut a girl some slack you can tell me in the comments box that'd be nice okay I know that their names are Cora Nina Hannah Kayla and Katie but I don't know where those names go in regards to faces quite yet working on it okay first time reaction first time here and them very excited thank you for the request here we go I love this song [Music] [Applause] Quorra they're so good well great bye place man pretty girl show the key Fosters are on point - really good PLC action Amer oh my god great Masha great video I feel nice Greystone hurts very bright very bright and she is a little spitfire yeah I love the background that run healthful my HR I love the beatboxing perfect really so the choreography the harmonies the movement is constant of it now they've got it's nice if they stimulate acapella without the beatboxing sometimes they just that cut that out and then bring it right back in again really really strong video I've heard people say that their think think of them as like a female version of pentatonix I a hundred percent agree with that like they if they're not opening up for pentatonix world tour that's a mistake they should be I mean it's it's like a no-brainer they're really really good and what a great mashup I mean they went through so many songs and so many different decades - all from like from the 50s all the way to two thousand fourteen or fifteen no sixteen I think so that's amazing that's awesome really really good so core Amina Hannah Kayla and Katie I got to get who's who but those are their names very very talented girls and very much like a sister group to pentatonix for sure tight entrances tight harmonies acapella except for you know you hear the beatboxing which makes it sound like there's drums but there's not 100% instrument less and and yet it sounds so full and so great and so tight and in the pocket really really great and you know it's hard working with working with groups and making them that tight and cohesive and it's hard with personalities it's hard schedules so the fact that they are coming up and they're so buttoned up and this is a music video it's not a lot performance but it was very well done but it wasn't overdone it really just showcased their beauty they're skilled to move they're skilled to work and blend together and their skill to sing and harmonized so I really enjoyed that and that's to me what talent should be able to do they should be able to carry the interest on their own volition without a whole lot of other you know frills and fanfare going on that stuff's nice to add to but if that's what you're relying on that's more of an entertainer than a true artist to me at least in my opinion as a vocalist so I really appreciate you guys asking me to react to this they're really great I'm a huge fan now you will definitely be hearing more of citizen Queen not just from me but from all over I'm sure and and if you're looking to get better at singing yourself maybe you're struggling with harmonizing maybe you're you have a group yourself I have a lot of people that that come to me that are like choir directors of people that have groups or manage groups and they're looking to get that group to blend better to harmonize get tighter with their entrances and exits we can help you with that my coaches are happy to help you with that actually at Tara Simon Studios so feel free to click on that link below check us out check our website out email us and we will get back to you with logistics on how we work how we operate and what we can do to help you sound better and your vocal journey whether it be as a solo artist or a group like group at like citizen Queen they're really really they've got something special for sure make sure if you haven't already to to subscribe and hit that notifications button so that when fabulous new videos and content come out you may be able to see that you were the first to watch it even before it became age thanks so much for watching guys and I'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tarasimonstudios [32 likes]: THE ONLINE SINGING COURSE is available now with TARA SIMON!!
56 Daily Video Lessons to take your voice from Good to Great!! 
Check it out at: https://tarasimonstudios.com/ssnh2.0
  2. @jaimehernandez2936 [1 likes]: Tara Simon studion subscribers 6 5 8 Jaime junior Hernandez tank you love ❤️ Michigan music 🎶 video official hi 🙋‍♂️ TikTok
  3. @sarahthreadgold3244: The smaller girl is the beat boxer the girl with the ripped jeans is the bass
  4. @creationsbychancecan: Thank you so much! I have been trying to have someone react to them. I y
Think they are awesome. Please react to their cover of Never enough.it will give you the goosebumps
  5. @creationsbychancecan: Thank you so much! I have been trying to have someone react to them. I y
Think they are awesome
  6. @jobond3317: I really appreciated your critique of singers. You explain how they sing and what kind of range they have. In short when say I like that. You say it’s great he’s getting vocals by doing this. Language oh language  I would you do a critique on sabaton any song from the war to end all war
  7. @maryguy5767: Cora is the fantastic beat boxer, Nina is the one with the headband, the bass is Kaedi. The other two I haven’t learned them yet.
  8. @glennspreeman1634: gotta do Home Free, Brothers In Arms, trully epic.
  9. @tanikkapadgatte2685: 🌹
  10. @rachelh4319: Very shocked I'm only hearing about Citizen Queen's today. They're such a wow group! Different tones, colours, sizes, heights and beauty. Very exciting and talented group that I now need to research.
  11. @rl42382: Nina is the one with the high ponytail and short jumpsuit situation
  12. @100ch3vy: That’s Nina you’re thinking is bright short soprano Cora Isabella is the beatboxer Hannah is one dance move always want to show... never mind not black not short obviously the two Ks are the AA ladies
  13. @RichGirlRG: Do a reaction to June’s Diary performance
  14. @smarshall8247: If you watch the end of the video it introduces them by name
  15. @stephenfullar1032: Nina looks like maisley Williams from game of thrones
  16. @smarshall8247: If you watch the end of the video, it introduces them.
  17. @ladybirdgirl88: Their debut song "Call me Queen" is out now...I hope you will react to that too 😉😉😉
  18. @agnespineda9472: Tara Simon of Girl Groups ever!
  19. @trgrier: Nina is the one with high ponytail
  20. @gamewizard1760: I'd like to see your reaction to these girls, if you haven't covered them already. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X3H-4crGD6k

- REACTION!! Evolution of Music - Pentatonix: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] strong what's up j2r family we're back again I'm Johnny I'm jeremi and today we are checking out pentatonics Evolution of Music but before it's be not part of J family or your first time on our Channel make sure you hit the Subscribe button make sure you check us out on Instagram Facebook Twitter Tik Tok and patreon if you haven't seen our previous reactions to pentatonics at a card up here you guys check those out if not click on that then you can wait till the end there'll be a thing to click on there and then you can click on a bunch of other stuff too throughout the video but what do you think I think it's about to be really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dope obviously I think it's going to be going through Evolution of Music you know what I mean not sure exactly where we're going to get but I know that every time we were at The Pentatonics they just blow us away got tell you what I feel like uh one that was like kind of like Evolution of Music was like the death pump one that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dope as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so if it's anything like that oh we're in for a treat for sure but I guess we'll hop to the video see what happens let's do it ready you hit the button all right here we go Oh Danny Boy the pipes the pipes River rer oh hell no what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] going on bro it's crazy how they go like you know the Everything Changes for you know what you know decade or whatever they're doing and their vo is along with it yeah it's just and they're all like insan yeah chicag he had no else in the Army now you're mine I the line I think I was going to color out lit I Want to Hold Your Hand I want to hold bro this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy is really cool yo they is like going nonstop too bro it's like perfect like this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy and I'm just watching Obby and Kevin down here at the bottom I'm watching each one of their mouths and you know watching him do the Deep stuff and he's doing the beat box and then there's a little bit over here then he's back on the drums I'm like what is going on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [Applause] D for Che out everybody's live this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy can't T this I that don't want to meet your daddy w w w oh hell no what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was really cool bro it was like a whole reset it was like Kiss Taste of cherry my I got feel that tonight going to be good night tonight going to be good night tonight going to Bey now call me b that's crazy oh hell hey hey guys thanks so much for watching our medley of some of our favorite songs throughout history sorry if we left out one of your favorite artists we didn't mean to we just tried to get it into four minutes um yeah so please share it and thanks again for watching yes yes yes speaking of sharing um you can check down in the box below for social media links absolutely also we're on tour so definitely check us out at www. try it again www. ptxofficial.com tour if you want to see our and don't forget to subscribe that man's voice dog that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy yo that was dope man that was dope man every time we uh we at the pendat they bring something new to the table and that was just really cool I mean the way they were kind of switching up the beatboxing and everything and like they were uh like throwing like different Vibes for like different songs thought it was really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dope but it was just really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] cool how they where they go from the uh the 1700 1600 1600 1600s all the way up the 2010s I thought that was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing it really was they definitely killed that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh I mean it was just amazing the transition in between like each song how like Smooth it was like throughout the whole entire thing and and he even he even said like sorry if uh we forgot uh one of your favorite songs or whatever you we tried to keep it in four minutes though and I think it was exactly like 4 minutes that's the crazy thing but uh I thought it was amazing it really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was uh but they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] killed it from beginning to end they really did what do you think Josh I'll tell you what they sound amazing obviously we know that uh Avi and Kevin on the bottom with the beat boox and the deep voice stuff like that they killed it too um but the major thing for me is I'm thinking like how did they remember all of that stuff you know the the switch-ups the changes where they were supposed to be their individual Parts because at the end there it got to where like one of them was doing a song the next one did a song and the beat was just changing at the same that's crazy I mean that takes a lot of talent memorization practice I mean all that stuff they had to put a lot of work into that right there and is like dedication and just really amazing that was that was just really awesome to watch I would have never thought it was going to be like that in depth oh yeah you know that much that was crazy that was really cool oh yeah but hope you guys enjoyed this reaction if you did make sure hit the like button if you're not part of J family make sure hit the Subscribe button make sure you check us out on Instagram Facebook Twitter Tik Tok and patreon

  Top Comments:
  1. @tammielongino7485 [10 likes]: THATS WHY PTX IS THE BEST ACAPELLA GROUP IN THE WORLD.
🎤🎤🎤
  2. @mollyturnquist3060 [4 likes]: I also recommend checking out some of their older stuff like “carol of the bells” and “white winter hymn”. But I also recommend checking out some of their newer stuff with Matt, the newer bass. He’s been with them for a while now
  3. @mollyturnquist3060 [3 likes]: If you guys like pentatonix, I recommend checking out voiceplay! They are also and a cappella group and they do a lot of medleys. I recommend their “boy bands in 5 minutes” and “the little mermaid medley”. Those are two of my favorites!
  4. @margretrosenberg420 [2 likes]: 6:52 Actually, they started in the eleventh century. That's the 1000s, around a thousand years ago.
  5. @dawnmarieallenkent2495 [1 likes]: Oh and they're going on tour this Christmas Season...
Jus'sayin!
  6. @dawnmarieallenkent2495 [1 likes]: Get the feeling youz guyz would enjoy the Evolution of Michael Jackson...
  7. @mjbartholomew5317 [1 likes]: Just wait.  Christmas is coming.  If you didn't like Christmas, your will after listening to their Christmas music.
  8. @MistyFinch-x2c: Pentatonic s is cool
  9. @MistyFinch-x2c: That is cool though I love penetonix
  10. @kimberlybrower925: It does take a lot of practice to get it down right, but as a singer, once you have it, you have it. And it's so satisfying working it up to perfect. It is amazing and it does take dedication. But when you love singing like I know these guys do, it doesn't feel like work most of the time. I would say the figuring out the arrangement part is a lot more stressful than the perfecting part the perfecting part is very satisfying and fun. At least in my experience
  11. @elizabethwilliams8295: Evolution of Michael Jackson is amazing!!
  12. @missywireback: Subscribed for the Pentatonix reactions!! Can’t wait until you hear them live
  13. @debbiea4786: You guys are great! Please react to Kiss From A Rose and O Holy Night.
  14. @Contridiction-vp3fv: If you want to see PTX in sync check out Thrift Shop by Mclemore/Lewis, the trio raps in unison. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y0qJdShOL_s
  15. @louellamoyer5578: Look forward to any new reactions from you guys. Glad you are here. Can't wait for more! 90's Dance medley is epic along with Evolution of Michael Jackson. Their transitions are flawless! Thanks guys, this was not a waste of time but a great reaction!
  16. @BelleDede01: Oh, going down the rabbit hole with PTX, you're in for a treat.  Have you seen their enhancement of Queen's Bohemian Rhapsody yet?  You should.  It'll know you guys off your feet.  Remember no instruments.  Anything they use will be shown, but Mitch's prop that he uses, is just that a prop.  He doesn't use one live.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ojRj2JK5oCI      Or how about their 90's Dance Medley?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57YEAEKKcOk    Or how about their rapping talents?  Check out Can't Hold Us  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OglS3Q0Zxik  So many more, it's insane.
  17. @janetlawson4482: Since you guys are enjoying Pentatonix, may I please suggest Forestella Legends Never Die, Forestella is from S Korea but definitely not KPop, so many Dimash fans enjoy Forestella.
  18. @kristipierce4735: As many others have said, all of their Evolution/Medley videos are excellent!!! Michael Jackson, Rinanna, Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Top Pop Vol. 1,  90’s Dance. Superfruit (Scott and Mitch’s side project) also does some excellent  medleys: Empire, Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Frozen.
  19. @donnagardner3138: You should check out "Gold" and Can;t hold us!
  20. @debrawalkermeyer9109: Love your reactions. Must do Can’t Hold Us, New Rules x Are You That Somebody, Gold, Problem ( official video is great, a live at a radio station is top tier)  Perfect. Everything they do is impressive

- The NEW Way To Scale Ads with Meta's Andromeda Update: Kind: captions Language: en If you're struggling now more than ever before with reaching the right people consistently, meaning you historically may have reached these pocket audiences and you've been in there for maybe weeks or sometimes upwards of months at a time and then all of a sudden it changes. Now with the world of Andromeda factored in that can actually happen far more frequently. Niche messaging is being distributed at a larger rate than majority hooks from what we've seen in this postandromeda world. Just to be extremely clear with you, the effects of that tiny hooks are reaching pockets of people that you may not be intending to reach and they're creating a lot of chaos inside of businesses that don't know what to do when it comes to messaging best practices as it directly relates to this post Andromeda Facebook algo update. We're going to go through all the best practices in this video. Don't worry, I got you. If you're on your path to million-dollar months, this is a perfect channel for you. That's all we talk about around here. If you are looking to tack on that first million a month or the next million a month. All our content's made for rich people trying to get a hell of a lot richer, you're in the right place. We don't make any income claims, though. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics claims that.1% of businesses ever achieve $10 million and an annual run rate, let alone the even smaller quantity of people that ever achieve milliondoll months. So, just to be clear, there are no income claims or earnings expectations. We have no idea who the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you are. We just pass down these lessons to you from clients who have been there, done that for what's working right now today. So without further ado, ladies and gentlemen, let's dive in. And of course, if you're a subscriber, welcome back. Absolute pleasure to have you. Another banger for you here today. So what we've seen at this most recent mastermind that we just concluded here for our Q4 talk in good old the end of 2025 in the post Andromeda world, the businesses that were crushing it are doing a lot more creative testing than they ever have before. and they're finding that the smallest things are controlling and influencing more than ever before who they're going to reach and how long they're probable to reach them for. I'll give you a perfect example of this. One of the inner circle members, Mason, gets up on stage and he mentioned a very simple thing in almost a joking way where he said, "You know, one time we were talking about something that didn't relate at all to writing or articles. We just mentioned the use of AI and the power of copywriting with being able to replicate long books such as authors like JK Rowling. And because he mentioned that author's name, the famous author who wrote all the Harry Potter books, he got a bunch of authors through his funnel. And that wasn't his intended audience. There was nothing else in that entire thing besides those few words, the name of a famous author and a word like author that immediately started to reach a fuckload of authors. And so here's the number one thing that you have to remember in this post Andromeda world, and that's the fact that everything's more sensitive now than it's ever been before. Sensitive in the sense that literally one word or sometimes a handful of words can wildly influence who you're probable to reach. And of course, those pocket audiences, some of them are large and some of them are small. I compared it at this most recent mastermind that we just did to like little pockets of oil. I said, you know, if you bought like a piece of land, like let's say it's, you know, 20-ish thousand acres and you wanted to drill for oil and you know, you're naturally like 30 40 years ago when that was in its heyday. You're going to build these little wells up here and you're going to dig deep into the ground until you hit a little pocket. And then naturally, the amount of oil that's within this specific pocket dictates how productive this specific well is. And as you can imagine, there's wells that they build that, you know, they don't hit any pocket. maybe because they didn't drill deep enough or because those pockets were rather shallow. And so even if you hit the right pocket and you use the right terms to influence who you're probable to be getting in front of, sometimes even when you're speaking to the perfect person, there's only so many of that perfect person that's actually probable to be in that little audience in that given moment. And so what we're finding is Andromeda is doing such a powerful really good job at getting very niche almost micro hooks in front of those smaller pockets. And so what we're seeing is there's more of these smaller pockets being exploited than ever before. But that also reduces the amount of time that you can be exploiting that specific pocket audience for. You understand where I'm going with this? What you have to do is you have to recognize that when you get the right people coming through and you did the right things with dialing in your messaging to attract that type of person and all of a sudden you see the wrong types of people coming through, you likely ran out of people in that pocket and you likely need to go back and do creative testing again. That's really what Andromeda is all about is taking so many more creatives that have been loaded into this platform than ever before, whittling it all down to a few thousand, and then handing it off to the 2023 update that Meta did called Metal Lattis. It's the simple retrieval and ranking algo steps. But now it's better than it's ever been historically. And as a result of that, those little pockets are being exploited more than ever before. Here's the downside, though, and if you've run ads, you know exactly what I'm talking about right now. You need to load up about we find the pocket to be 25 to 30 unique creatives in an ad set. And so for let's use the example you're doing video ads. We'd film 25 to 30 totally unique creatives. No shared bodies and CTAs. Everything's unique through and through. And all those different reasons all those total unique creatives. One to three are going to get all the reach. [laughter] So as a result of only one to three total creatives getting all that reach and distribution, the other, let's say you launch with 25, right? the other 24 to maybe 22, they're going to get barely any money spent. Sometimes, without exaggeration, pennies. Now, that doesn't negate the fact that we still have to launch with 25 to 30 total creatives to get the impact and the positive benefits of what Andromeda can truly provide. However, yeah, it's kind of frustrating to look at it and say, well, I mean, none of these other ads got reach. But this is also kind of the cool part. All we really have to do is in that example, duplicate out our ad set, remove and/or just turn off the creatives, the one to three that got all the reach, and then let those other ones start to test against each other. And that's kind of the cool part. In the process of doing so, you reach newer pockets and you may have that potential to finally hit that bigger pocket. And if you have, let's say, a really finite demographic of people that you believe you can convert, what you have to be really good at is articulating yourself from multiple perspectives about that thing. So let's use the example that this specific demographic is your current pocket audience. And it's small in this context. Okay? You believe that there's a finite amount of people that in a given moment under specific circumstances and conditions are ready and probable to buy what you have. You're not necessarily a mass market brand. You've got a high ticket product or service after all. and it's specific for somebody's problems relative to your problem and solution scenario. What you have to learn to be really good at is articulating that thing from so many different perspectives. And we break this down into really just three simple things. Okay. Number one, the problems that that individual has. Number two, the circumstances that that individual finds themsself in. Okay, circumstances are powerful. And in addition to that, we can also articulate ourselves from an outcomes perspective. Now, these three specifically, when you think in the context of those and you just try to list as many reasons that you can think of, what you end up doing is you're able to talk to that same pocket audience so many times over because you have mastered the success of being able to rotate the problem, circumstances, and outcomes that that specific individual that you're trying to talk to wants. And you also remember rule one, which is the sensitivity part of it. Don't say anything that wouldn't bring in the right types of people. And all it comes down to is the simplest of words nowadays in this post Andromeda update. Once you do an exercise like this, there's a lot of power in it because what you can do is what we teach our inner circle members and master internet marketing students, which is to leverage specific credit-based LLMs to go into it. This would be something not like Chat GBT or Claude or Gemini. There's credit based LLMs that you can use and the incentive is far greater. A credit-based LLM will read all the transcripts that you upload into it word for word. It fully consumes a lot more training material and doesn't operate with the guard rails of efficiency that a monthly flat rate subscription LLM AI tool would use comparatively. You want a credit-based LLM. Okay? Now, we have many of those that we teach and talk about inside of our inner circle program, our master internet marketing program. You're watching here for free on YouTube after all. So, I'm going to give you a lot, but I'm going to hold back some stuff so you eventually give me some money. [laughter] Anyway, long story short, links in the description for that if you're interested. Back to this. When you do this specific exercise and you do it in a way where you're thorough, you load up specific training material documents into that LLM, it can kick you out consistent ad ideas for that specific person, leveraging real world agentic. This is very important. Let me actually backtrack a bit. all these preferred credit based LLMs. I also want you to understand it should have an agent mode where it can go out there. All agent mode really is is just kind of like somebody using a computer on your behalf. That way you can go out and actually do research to find context for these specific reasons and people. That way you also factor in highly believable reasons on top of all this. That's a different lesson though. Long story short, get yourself into the position where you have the clarity of this and just unlock a lot because you're going to need a lot of creative angles to talk to that same exact pocket audience from. That's what you do if you have a small audience. Now, if you have a large audience, it's more in the context of the oil field analogy. Consider everything that I just said like you've got this pocket, you've got this pocket, you've got these tinier little pockets like this and this as well. The moral of the story is from your perspective when you have more audiences that you can convert. So if you've got a lot of audiences rather than just one type of audience, meaning simply put, there's more than just one type of person that you can realistically sell to. That's exactly what you do. You do the same exercise but for all those different people many times over. And so simply put, and this is this is a really long lesson made into the simplest words. There's a lot more to this that I could sit here and articulate, but again, like we're going to keep that reserved for the people who actually give us some money. You're still going to get a ton of value from watching this. I promise you that all these pocket audiences, let's say you have audience type number one and two and three and four and etc. For the rest of all these, you do the same exact thing. You list off all the specific problems, circumstances, and outcomes of those specific types of people because that's the moral of the story with Andromeda. I have an entire video on my channel dedicated to Andromeda and all of what it entails so you can understand it. If this is a new word to you and you're not familiar with this ALGO update, make sure you go check out that video because it'll give you a foundational understanding of it and what it requires of you. But just in a simple nutshell, it requires a fuckload more creative than you've ever loaded into it prior. And it requires diversification in messaging. So you don't get the opportunity to have the efficiency that you've historically had by doing something like just filming opening hooks and then posting the same body in CTA. There's a creative solutions specialist that works over at Meta. He's on Twitter. He's got a couple low thousand followers, but he tweets some great stuff. And one thing that he recently tweeted was this alpha test they're running. and they're considering rolling out a column in the ads dashboard there that shows you creative that's too similar to one another either visually or in messaging because technically what Andromeda requires is diversification in messaging themes and visuals in Meta's words. Now, we found from our testing that it really just requires messaging but it doesn't hurt if you're not getting the results and outcomes you want to also factor in the tests of themes and visuals. Either way, moral of the story, once you get to the point where you realize you're going to need, as I said, about 25 to 30 unique creatives every time that you go to launch an ad set, you don't have to do that every time over. Once those one to three ads distribute and take all the reach and all the spend, and they inevitably fatigue and your pocket runs out, you're just going to relaunch the adset and just pull out one to three and you can load up a new one to three. And then the other 22 to 25 that you loaded up, depending on how many you launched with, will put you in a position where you're now testing all over again. cuz the smaller ones that didn't get reached that had pennies spent before, they deserve to have spend go to them again. So, it gets efficient after the first time that you do it, unless you find whatever you're running not bringing in the right people. And then you got to go back to the drawing board and consider what are reasons that are probable to actually attract the specific people that you want to have come through that funnel. Messaging is literally everything. It does all the targeting nowadays. Meta is a broad targeting platform now. Meaning, yes, your targeting is there, but it's counted as suggestive nowadays. Okay? And so what that means is is messaging controls everything. I hope this video helps you. Go check out all my other videos on my channel. They're far helpful for people that are rich trying to get a lot richer. Check out the links down in the description. Subscribe to the channel if you haven't done so yet. Listen, at the very least, give me a thumbs up and a comment down below on what you thought. Appreciate all your feedback. Go out there and get richer. toxin.

  Top Comments:
  1. @theextraordinnairs7028 [4 likes]: Hello Tony Stark 😂
  2. @JustinKellyMcClure [2 likes]: Good info…

So with 25 ads, various hooks and angles, you recommend 1 CBO and 1 ad set…then make new ad sets eliminating the ads that got most of the spend in the 1st ad set?
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  4. @prateekgupta1447 [1 likes]: Firstly, Fab video, thanks for this. 
Couple of questions however:

1. Wouldn't duplicating the adset result in competing adset for same audience resulting in higher cpms?

2. In how many days do you recommend shutting non performing ads from the pool of relaunched creatives that had not spent earlier?
  5. @yoelgerstein [1 likes]: "Become richer" - Jeremy Haynes 10/29/2025
  6. @hasherazizi2588 [1 likes]: Great value as always 🔥
  7. @JeremyHaynesTraining: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle 

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  8. @gavinwiener: How much ad spend would you need to have as a minimum on the ad set to give that 20-25 a proper chance?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  10. @edvinberggren2794: Hello How many images and text variants do you recommend in 1 ad. Is best practice still running flexible ads with maxed out pictures and text?
  11. @hanee012: Thank you so much again for the video — I really appreciate it. I was hoping you could help me with a quick question.

I’m stuck in a dilemma: my Meta purchase campaign is still in the learning phase because I’m under 50 conversions, and my daily budget is only $46. I want to test a few new ads, but I’m not sure what’s the best way to scale while still moving toward exiting the learning phase. Should I create a new campaign (which wouldn’t help this one reach 50 conversions), or add another ad set to my current campaign and split the $46 budget?

What would you recommend as the best approach to scale and add new ads without disrupting the learning phase?
  12. @AgentiveAI: I know your messaging is fire, but I feel dumb that I dont understand most of this. I'll have to watch some more videos and come back to this!
  13. @tuckertheremedy: Should I separate Catalog Ads into their own campaign and not mix them with manually created ads, or should I mix all different ad types together post-Andromeda?
  14. @ConnorClarkCallahan: This was helpful. Thanks dude
  15. @kenny.bender: Very helpful Jeremy. Cool to see you in blue blockers, I'd love to send you a pair from my brand! (I bet you'll like them better than your current pair)
  16. @jonah.platovsky: Fire content as always
  17. @atoproductions237: Super value right here
  18. @Newdesignerz: AWESOME VIDEO BROTHER!
Also if you're looking for a Short Form Video Editor then do let me know
We Provide 30 Videos for just $350.
Would love to work on your Brand 😇
  19. @ecomwithsage: Yup
  20. @ghostofmoredishesmorebitch1507: First

- Andromeda: Creative Volume, Diversity & Fatigue Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about creative volume for Meta Ads. So, as you guys know, Meta's Andromeda update has been the talk of the town for the last several weeks, sparking a lot of debates around creative volume, creative diversity, and how to scale. And in this video, I want to give my perspective on creative volume, share my mindset and structure, and generally just the way that I'm thinking about things. I think you're going to find a lot of value in this video. So, let's get into it. All right. So, first, what is creative volume? What does that even mean? Well, to me that means basically giving the machine or the algorithm a lot of diverse assets or ads to work with. So, essentially making more ads, you know, that's it. Now, let's let's see what Meta's perspective is on this and then I'll give you mine. Okay. Uh these slides that I'm about to show are from Meta. However, I saw them uh on the recent uh meta ads debate on Twitter with uh Jordan and Charlie, which I found to be extremely interesting. So, take a look. It says, "What is creative machine and how does it power downfunnel performance?" So, number one, it's creative diversification. So, visually diverse assets built to reach new audiences. Number two is creative volume. More assets in ads manager to feed the demands of delivery. It says minimum 20 plus assets in an ASC campaign. And then number three is creative refresh. Bringing new assets to platform to keep campaigns healthy with the goal of being low fatigue. So I guess these are the three reasons why we need creative volume, right? The first one is Meta is basically telling us that if we have ads that are visually similar, Meta is going to lump them together in the auction and basically start showing them to the same people over and over. And that's a problem. Um, we're not going to be able to reach new audiences. So, that's why we need just completely different messaging, different creative formats, and uh, you know, different angles, different personas, all that stuff that we've talked about in previous videos. Now, when it comes to creative volume, their premise is you're giving Meta's algorithm more ammo, for lack of better words, to find your target audience, right? The more assets you give it, the more chances it has to uh put the ads in front of people that are likely to buy, basically. And number three is creative refresh, which means meta is basically stating that ads are fatiguing faster than ever before and it's up to us to feed the machine to keep keep the assets fresh. And um this was a huge u learning for me. My stance on creative fatigue has been essentially just focus on the results. As long as the results are there, I'm not concerned about creative fatigue. I'm not really looking at the frequency number and stuff like that, but I used to be under the impression that creative fatigue was that people were getting tired of the ad. Like they didn't like seeing it so much. And I've recently realized that that was the wrong way of thinking about it. It's not about the people, it's about the machine. So, you know, I studied all the traditional copywriting books that are out there, including Oglevie on advertising. And Oggov says that, you know, a lot of ad campaigns are cut prematurely, like they could have uh run for much longer. And so I was always of the impression that like if it's a good ad and it's a true winner, then it can last for a very long time. And you know, I do believe this is true. Um I've personally had ads run for a full year plus profitably at decently high spends. Now, the important thing to consider here is not that people are getting tired of the ads, it's that the machine is getting tired of the ads. Remember what Meta cares about. Meta cares about giving the users a good experience on the platform. So, if it perceives that your ad is low quality, it's getting bad signals, uh, you know, you're getting bad feedback or it's just, you know, being shown to the same people over and over again, meta is going to fatigue your ad. This the algorithm is going to start to downrank your ad in the auction and it's going to basically start giving you higher CPMs, uh, less efficient CPAs. I mean, it's going to basically just start giving you worse performance uh until ultimately you refresh that. So, that's been a huge learning for me recently about just how the the algorithm works. Um I always thought it was about the people getting tired of the ads, but really it's about meta. They just care about monthly active users on their apps. So, you know, if you strike that balance between an ad that Meta likes, the algorithm likes and that people like or finding value, that's when you find that true winner and that allows you to um basically run an ad profitably for a very long time. That's like those like big winners that we we are always looking for. So, let's look at a couple more slides from Meta here. talked about creative diversity. So, this one's really interesting. It says, "Creative volume is key to creative effectiveness." It says, "Volium is more important than ever. Meta Andromeda, our nextg ads retrieval system is designed to improve results for advertisers with a high volume of diverse assets. You can't scale budgets without scaling volume." That's very interesting. As performance improves and budgets scale, creative volume fuels delivery. So for me this is I mean Meta is basically telling us hey we're going to reward you if you give us a lot of assets to work with. Couldn't be more clear. It says new assets are key to maintaining efficiency. A test and learn mindset is mandatory. Ads are fatiguing faster than ever. Remember we the machine is fatiguing them. Refreshing campaigns with new creative is best practice for performance. Creative testing is equal parts art and science. Leverage our testing frameworks to uncover new winners. Okay, great. And then this I found this slide to be kind of interesting. It says iterating on the same inputs will take you very far. And then it says iterating on the same inputs will take you will only take you so far. So that's the basically Meta is saying hey you're going to have to feed the machine. Right. Cool. That's everything I wanted to show from Meta's perspective. So that's what Meta is telling us. Right. So essentially Meta's perspective is that it wants more creative assets to feed the machine. Okay. Now here's my perspective. I basically agree. You know, I think that Meta does need a lot of volume of creatives to be successful. Obviously, they're telling us that. But also just anecdotally from my own experience running ads for many, many businesses. the biggest ones, the most successful ones, the ones that have were able to spend several hundred,000 per month on ads, they were consistently pumping out creatives. Okay, so it's no coincidence that that definitely part of the reason why they were working. Now, why do we need so many creatives? Well, I think frankly it's because most of the creatives that you make aren't going to be winners. They're not going to resonate. They're not that good, you know, if we're being completely honest, right? And it takes a lot of time, repetition, testing to find those winners, right? And you know, it's my perspective that businesses find a handful of winners per year, right? So they're they're testing hundreds if not thousands of ads per year. And maybe they find a handful of winners, maybe 10, 20, 25 winners, you know, per year if we're talking about big scale businesses, right? Small businesses, you might find one to five winners per year if you're being consistent. Okay? So, it's my perspective that quantity brings quality. So, the more quantity that you're putting into the system, you're really listening to your customers. There's no doubt that you're going to find uh some winners. So, with that, I think it's essential that you have some sort of system or flow to achieve this, right? Like, you can't just, you know, be pumping out 10, 20, 50, 100 creatives a week and not have some sort of organization, some sort of system. So that's why it's so important that you're basically having a system to test things effectively inside of your ads manager. You have everything labeled super clearly. You are prioritizing the different angles and personas and headlines and hooks that you want to test. And you are keeping track of what's winning and what's losing inside of your ad account. So it's pretty essential to to start getting organized. So if you're not organized in your ads manager now, you know it's time to get organized. So, one system that I found that works extremely well is going from organic to paid media. So, basically, you know, the business owners that are consistently publishing reels, for example, they will use trial reels, right, which pushes out to completely new audiences and then they will publish it to their organic following on Instagram. And then if those pieces of content do well, then we publish them as ads. And of course, they're going to do well. They've proven to do well in organic, so they tend to do well as ads as well. So, that's a really really effective way to test messaging, to test hooks, to test angles organically without having to spend money. You're getting kind of free eyeballs. You're also getting like free exposure, right? Remember, we talked about how each time you put a piece of organic content out there. It's like putting a a hook. Imagine you're fishing, right? It's just a different hook in the ocean, right? What's the very next thing somebody's going to see after they engage with one of your organic pieces of content? It's going to be your ads. So each time you post a piece of organic content, it's like it's like a free hook, right? So that is something that uh I'm doing with some of my clients and it's working really really well. Um aside from that, now like technically inside of the ads manager, I'm basically testing in two ways. The first way is a testing campaign. I will make one, you know, per product line or basically I organize it however it makes sense. I might just have one testing campaign or maybe if I need to separate it by like major product or service or location or something like that, I might have multiple ABOs for each one of those things. But essentially, let's just imagine there's one. It' be one campaign. Each new ad set is a test. I tend to do three to five ads, but now I'm starting to experiment with eight to 10 ads. And essentially, if it works, I keep it. I test at appropriate budgets, you know, enough so that I can reasonably expect to get one to two sales per day. And yeah, I mean essentially I keep it if it works. I will downscale it or optimize it or close it if it doesn't work. And essentially two or three days later or maybe five days later depending on the situation I will launch my next ad set which is going to be another test. And again appropriate budgets 3 to 10 ads basically. And I'm grouping these adsets by angle or offer or persona. That's generally how I'm doing it. I'm still splitting off like statics and videos for the most part. If I have a smaller budget, I might just put them all together so that I'm not splitting up my small budget, but that's essentially what I'm doing. And it's working quite well for me. I mean, I'm basically my goal is to try to stack up winners, right? So, keep the adsets that work, close the adsets that don't. If the adsets that are working are like doing really well, I might scale them in place, vertically, scale them in place. Um, and then if they're just super proven, they have a ton of spend through them, um, their post IDs are extremely strong, a lot of engagement, I might take those out and put them to cost caps, bid caps, some other strategies to scale them a little bit further, right? So that's essentially what I'm doing. Um, so on the side, right? If I do CBOS's, I essentially treat each new CBO as a test. So, I'll do either single adset CBOS with 3 to 10 creatives or multi-adet CBOS if I have bigger budgets, three to 10 creatives. The only difference here is that each new campaign is a test. I'm never adding new adsets inside of a active CBO, and I'm never adding new ads inside of active adsets, either CBO or The only only only only time I might add new ads into an existing or CBO ads set is if it's doing terribly and I'm trying to just like collect conversion data inside the same ads set and nothing else is working right. I might do that. But as a general rule of thumb, I try to not add new things into things that are working because number one, it's not a fair test to the thing that you're putting in, right? Meta may not give it spend and then number two, you are very likely to throw off the results of what's working. So that's obviously a problem as well. So yeah, with CBOS's I'm basically doing, you know, sing one ad set, one campaign, one ad set, three to 10 ads, and it's just a new campaign each time for a test. Or I might do multi- adset CBOS where let's say I'm grouping angles, offers or creative formats by ad set and then letting Meta's algorithm decide inside of the CBO which one is the winner. But that's essentially how I'm doing it. New campaign, every test, rather. So, and again, I scale things in place. I'm not doing this like graduation stuff where, you know, it's I do like a $5 little budget over here, and it it gives me good signals, good click-through rate, or high rorowaz, and then I try to take it to $100 a day or something like that. Like, I don't do that. That that doesn't make sense. It doesn't work. So, anyways, that's the way that I'm testing things. I'm personally trying to commit to launching a set number of ads per client per week if possible. And yeah, I mean guys, I'm I'm trying to appease the machine. I'm trying to give it what it wants. Oh, uh, one one nuance that I want to talk about, which is putting 20 ads inside of an ad set. I do have a little bit of a an issue with it because on one hand, yes, you might be able to find one winner, but if you've noticed, it skews the spend towards like one to two ads a lot of the time. Doesn't always do it, but very frequently. And so, you know, I'm of the opinion that those other, let's say there was 20, those other 18 ads, I don't believe that those are necessarily bad, per se. I think that if you were to force those to have spend on their own, they could potentially work, you know. So, you know, I've just seen it too many times where meta skews the spend towards the wrong thing and and you force something else to get spend and it actually works even better than the original campaign. I've seen it. I've shown it on my channel uh several times. I I've just experienced that a lot of times, right? If Meta's algorithm was right 100% of the time, my job wouldn't exist. Okay, let's just put it that way. So, the thing about having 20 ads inside of an adset is like you're going to have so many ads that are untested, right? In my opinion, untested. They got two cents of spent, 20 cents of spend. Like, I don't think that's statistically significant enough to make a judgment on it. Like, we can't even sort by amount spent right now. We've had like 500 outages this year. I'm exaggerating, but we've had a lot of of outages this year. Like, I don't trust the algorithm 100%. I'm sorry. Like, sue me, right? It's just from experience, you know, like I I don't think it's always right. So, that's why I'm a little hesitant of adding so many um creatives inside of an ad set. I think it's a double-edged sword, right? Like you're giving it more chance to succeed on one hand, but then you're also like going to have a lot of waste, right? So, that's why I try to strike this middle ground. I used to say three to five. Now I'm doing like three to 10 creatives. I'm seeing good results with 10 creatives. You know, I am seeing a lot of ads get like that aren't getting spend and I'm forcing them to get spend in other campaigns or ad sets and they tend to work. So that's the way that I think about it. Anyways, this video is getting long. Super interesting topic. I really appreciate you watching and I will talk to you soon. Take care. All right, you guys. That's it for today's video. I really appreciate you watching. Just a few quick updates on my school community. The price of the group is going up. So, if you've been on the fence about joining the group, now is the time to join so that you get locked in at the lowest rate that we're ever going to have. I'm also working on a brand new course that is going to be released before the end of the year where I outline my entire market research, creative strategy, and ad creation process from A to Z. This is not only going to speed up your process to creating ads, but it's also going to improve your hit rate so that you find more winners consistently. This is the process that I've used for me and my clients for the last several years, and I've refined it to the point where I'm ready to start sharing it with others. So, if that interests you, jump in the group. We have a 7-day free trial, and I'll see you inside. Thank you so much. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @praveenbizz [2 likes]: I am getting consistent sales from a campaign. But not profitable roas. Should i add new creatives inside the adset or not?
  2. @TheRealDayOne1 [2 likes]: How should you structure your adsets for an initial launch? Would you ever segment adsets by audience / avatar? I’ve heard people launching campaigns with all ads within one adset

Also will Facebook ever stop spending on a winning ad?
  3. @Guilherme-r3e9v [1 likes]: A new campaign per every test level?
  4. @iliadimitrov568 [1 likes]: Ok,I understand that you make new campaign every time when you test ,but  how do you scale it you just inscrease the budget or copy it
  5. @reedmoon3630 [1 likes]: So you never turn off poor performing ads within an adset?
  6. @digicrazemd: Hi sir, Are you looking for professional YouTube thumbnail designer?

- The ONLY Ad Iteration Process That Works After Meta Andromeda: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, there are a few things in the post andromeda world that are really important and one of them is this exact process. It's an iteration process and I see a lot of brands missing out on this one. Uh I see a lot of these brands doing new concepts every single week but they are they don't have a process to analyze the existing ads and make sure to double down on whatever is working your ad account right and the exact process I have created this it will visually show you how it works plus I will show you example of one ad that will actually take all this information make this ad and it's already been a few days that it is in the ad account and I'll be showing you the exact results that I got. So let's uh go ahead and continue the okay so you will start off by using your existing ads and competitor ads analyzing the comments using past performing ads as an example maybe scripts maybe concepts right a static UC's whatever you're trying to test uh then you analyze the scripts like the past scripts the patterns the themes the templates right so you collect everything in one place add it to your repository or uh an engine right this engine could be AI Chart GPT claude any other software that use you feed it to that and based on that ask it to create multiple iterations. So we like to do it manually as well because you know we're working with brands we know what's working what's not. So just ideas come naturally right uh by looking at what ads are already working out. Uh based on that you create three iterations. Uh three different iterations will be targeting different personas right. So one of them could be one persona, second could be other, right? It's like that. Then in each iteration do multiple variations of these ads as well. ABC variations or could could be like five, six variations as well if you're wanting to be creative. One important thing over here is that you need to focus on the data first instead of shooting in the dark and just randomly testing out especially for the iterative process. You can do experiments for your net new concepts which is over here. But if you really want to double down on what is working in your account and you want to have some quick wins right you should be focused on data collection first right these parts over here should be covered right before if you do it without that it doesn't matter it won't work out so once you test them out you will find a winner or a loser from them based on that you can run the loop again right you can also make your own processes whatever you keep on learning within the pro process if it's a winner you just scale it up I I will be making more videos about the entire process of scaling like how we do it, how do we like cut down the budgets, how we scale up, that's a video for another day. But okay, so before going into the ad account and showing you the stats I got from this, I would like to share my thought process around it and what exactly I was trying to do. Right? So if you don't understand this part, then uh I mean any of this process won't make any sense to you. So I was searching through the comments and I saw some of these people saying that there's like a lot of things that I have to do in the to play golf right uh this is actually a golf brand and uh there's a particular problem that we are trying to solve with this kind of product and people were saying like there's a lot of things we have to go through while learning golf while playing golf you have to decide which kind of clubs we using we have to decide which kind of outfit we'll wear have to sign a subscription um there's a lot variables that goes through right so I kind of sensed this from that people are have kind of frustrated with the sport somehow not like really frustrated but some of them were talking about it you in frustration they were commenting right and I ended up creating an angle which particularly says that in in the headline is that remove this one variable from your golfing experience and then I used the product image and then I showed a golf club at the very end. I will be showing this exact uh image that we created within my WhatsApp channel because obviously I cannot share it on any public platform. Uh it's not appropriate. It's client information. So I'll be sharing that with my within my WhatsApp community. I'll share that for a while and then I'll just delete it. Uh so that's my idea. And now just head into the ad account and see what kind of stats I'm getting. This ad is already an iteration of a previous winning ad. So I just went ahead and picked some of the comments from here. For example, right now a person is saying that you can get it for $15 and all of that pricing objections. I can use them and uh create more ads on it. Um let's go to the ad account again. And this is the particular ad that I'm talking about and it was recently launched. It was launched on like 3 or 4th February. So let's set the time frame to that. Okay, this is the particular ad and this actually spent $84 in the last couple of days. Uh which is not significant but based on the initial metrics I can say that uh meta will try to optimize it because whenever you launch an ad it takes pen it's a good sign. So that's why I'm including in this video and in the future I'll I can also share it like what happened with this ad, right? That will be done in the WhatsApp community. Um so yeah you can see that this has like 20 CPA in this one and it is actually directly computing with uh the overall best performer which is like £27. Uh I mean again it has more spend the the top performer the top spender has more sales and revenues. This one is trying to compete with that. Um, and this was possible due to the iteration process that I just shared with you. And some of these ads that you see, for example, this one and this one, right? These are also based off ideas that we picked on uh using past ads or the testing that we are doing. So everything you see, it's like scientific. It's not random ideas that we are testing. So this is how the system works and test it out for your brand and I'll see

  Top Comments:
  1. @mediatechkit: Join the D2C Supercharged Community: ‎
https://chat.whatsapp.com/LmxsBuX0jwd9IZ6TrRC2WS?mode=gi_t
  2. @osamaanwarminhas1: Awsome brother.

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- Mastering Meta Ads Post-Andromeda: Why Creative is Your New Targeting Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads on Meta, you have definitely felt it. It feels like the ground is just shifted under your feet, right? That's because with all the privacy updates and the evolution of Meta's own AI, the old playbook is completely out the window. So, today we're going to dive into this massive change, what some call the Andromeda update, and what it actually means for you. So, let's just get right to it and ask the tough question. Are your meta ads obsolete? I mean, if your performance has been all over the place, if you're frustrated or just confused lately, you are not alone. And the reason why is probably a lot simpler than you think. The old rules are dead. Period. And what's even crazier is that the strategies that used to be best practice, you know, all that complex targeting, layering interests, the little technical hacks, they're now actively working against you. They've literally become a liability. Okay, so if the old way is dead, what's taken its place? Well, this brings us to the single most important idea you need to wrap your head around to win today. The new thesis is this. Creative is the new targeting. And believe me, this one concept changes everything. So, what does that actually mean? Creative is the new targeting. It's pretty simple, really. It's all about designing your ads to speak directly to very specific customer mindsets and psychologies. So instead of you manually telling Meta who to target, you feed a creative that signals what kind of person you're looking for and then you let the algorithm do all the heavy lifting to find them for you. Now to really make this work, you've got to master two fundamental pillars. First up is creative diversification. And listen, this isn't just about making more ads. It's about making sure your ads cover different psychological angles. And second, there's creative-based metric analysis. This is where you let the creative's performance, the hard data, tell you when and how to scale your budget, not just your gut feeling. All right, theory is great, but let's see how this actually works in the real world. We're going to walk through a case study that perfectly illustrates this whole creative ads targeting idea by breaking down four totally different customer personas for the exact same product. So, the product for our case study is a high ticket Google Ads course. Now, the old way of thinking would be to just run one or two generic ads for this and call it a day. But that's a huge mistake because the audience for a product like this is way more diverse than you might think. And this is where it gets really interesting. This breaks down the market into four completely different buyers, each with their own unique reasons for buying. I mean, take a look. You've got the student who's all about career advancement. Then there's the business owner who just needs accountability. The freelancer, they're laser focused on getting better results for clients. And the agency owner needs to scale their team. They all want the same course, but for totally different reasons. So, each one needs a completely different ad. And that right there is the whole point. When you create ads specifically for each of these people, you're giving the algorithm the exact signals it needs. It can then figure out the difference between someone who wants a new career and someone else who needs to train their team. You're basically letting your creative do all the audience segmentation for you. It's brilliant. So, why does all this matter so much? Well, the payoff here is huge. Think about it. An ad that speaks directly to an agency owner is going to resonate so deeply with that small group that it can run for a long, long time without burning out. These niche focused ads get tired way slower than generic ads, which gives your entire ad account so much more stability. Okay, so we've got the creative strategy down, but to make it really sing, you also have to update your tactics, your funnels, and the metrics you're tracking. This is where the rubber really meets the road. Remember the old way? You'd have all these separate campaigns for every stage of the funnel. One for awareness, one for traffic, one for sales. The new way is radically simpler. You run everything inside one single campaign with a sales objective. You're not managing the funnel at the campaign level anymore. You're doing it at the creative level. And here's why that's such a gamecher. By always optimizing for a purchase, even with your top offunnel ads, you're constantly feeding the algorithm high quality signals. You're telling Meta, "Hey, don't just find me people who like to click. Find me people who will eventually buy." Every single ad dollar is laser focused on your number one goal. Now, to know if this is all working, you've got to watch the right metrics. First, your hook rate. Are you stopping the scroll in those first 3 seconds? Then of course you have to watch your primary KPI, which is usually a purchase. And you absolutely must monitor for creative fatigue. That's when you see your costs start to creep up and your click rates drop for an ad that used to be a winner. That's your flashing red light telling you it's time for fresh creative. All right, let's talk about the final piece of the puzzle. The part everyone wants to know about scaling. Everyone's looking for that secret scaling hack, right? Well, the answer might surprise you. It's not about some algorithm trick. It's about having a better human process. Let's bust a huge myth right now. There's this idea that a really complicated campaign structure somehow helps the algorithm. The reality, the algorithm could not care less. A clean, organized account structure isn't for the AI, it's for you. It's for the strategist. So you can manage testing dozens of creatives without completely losing your mind. And that organization is what unlocks frictionless scaling. First, a clean structure lets you test creative at a really high volume. Second, that clear organization means you can spot the winners in a heartbeat. And third, all of this is held together by rigorous standard operating procedures or SOPs, things like consistent naming conventions in a clear schedule. These systems are what prevent the human error and chaos that kill most ad accounts. And this all boils down to the most critical takeaway for this new era. Your organization directly leads to your results. It's not about outsmarting the machine anymore. It's about building a better, smarter process for yourself. In this world, your ability to test, analyze, and pivot with speed and clarity is your primary scaling lever. Which leaves us with one final question for you to really think about for your own ads. Your creative ideas might be absolutely brilliant, but is your process strong enough to truly support and scale that creativity?

- Building a Strong Brand: 7 Steps to Lasting Impact: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Leela from AI Datalyzer. In the next four minutes, I'll walk you through a compact, practical seven-step process to build a strong brand that lasts with examples for businesses in Dubai and the Mena region. If you want a clear playbook, this is for you. In our work with brands across hospitality, clinics, and retail, we've seen the same pattern. Consistent strategy plus disciplined measurement turns ordinary businesses into trusted brands. Today I'll give you the exact steps, common risks, and how to measure impact. Why brand strategy matters. Customers don't buy products, they buy solutions and experiences. In markets like Dubai and the GCC, trust and recognition drive repeat bookings and premium pricing. With AI changing platforms and privacy rules, your brand must be consistent, authentic, and measurable, not just pretty. Here's our seven-step playbook. Short, actionable. One, brand audit. Start with diagnosis, purpose, touchpoint health, and perceptual metrics like NPS and awareness. Deliverables, audit deck, health dashboard, priority matrix. Two, define strategy. Clarify purpose, positioning, and architecture. Branded house versus house of brands. Run a rapid workshop to lock this down. Three. Design identity, visual and verbal systems, logo family, color tokens, typography, voice anchors. Every pixel and word must reflect the strategy. Four, experience design. Map customer journeys and employee experience so promises become reality. Use journey maps and service design. Five, activation. Blend creative brand work with performance marketing. Sequence channels and prepare content for both short-term conversion and long-term reputation. Six, measurement and valuation. Use incrementality tests, MM, and firstparty analytics to show what creates demand and what drives value. Seven, scale, govern, and iterate. Create a brand council, playbook, and audit cadence so your brand stays consistent as you grow. Quick vignette. A midsize Dubai hotel had inconsistent logos and messaging. After a unified identity and playbook, direct bookings rose by 18% in 6 months. The secret was alignment, one identity, clear staff guidelines, and consistent campaigns. Top risks we see and quick fixes. Inconsistent rollout. Fix. Centralize assets in a brand hub and use templates. Overdesign without strategy. Fix. Start with purpose then design. Ignoring local nuances. Fix. Test messaging in Arabic and English with small focus. Measurement matters. Track daily conversions and weekly campaign signals, but also run quarterly brand surveys and annual MM or RCTs for incrementality. Practical metrics, awareness, consideration, NPS, cost per acquisition, and revenue lift. Use Google Analytics, CRM, and a dashboard for visibility. Quick checklist to start now. Run a brand audit. Define purpose. Create identity tokens. Map journeys, activate channels, measure incrementality, and establish governance. If you'd like the full brand audit template we used in this video, it's linked in the blog. Get a free 30inut brand review by clicking the link below. Like, subscribe, and comment with your biggest branding challenge. We reply to top comments. I'm Laya at AI Datalyzer. Thanks for watching. [Music]

- Build Your Legacy: 4 Steps to Lasting Impact 🌍: Kind: captions Language: en picture this your greatest contribution to the world hasn't happened yet every person who shaped history started exactly where you are now with one decision to build something bigger than themselves let's talk about Legacy not the kind measured in bank accounts or social media followers real Legacy the kind that transforms lives and shapes Futures in 2025 we stand at a unique Crossroads where digital influence meets human connection where sustainable Innovation meets Timeless wisdom think about the problems you see around you the challenges that keep you up at night the solutions you dream about creating that's where your legacy begins in this era Legacy Builders focus on creating systems that solve persistent problems they build communities that uplift others they develop innovations that serve future Generations they share knowledge that transforms lives your path to lasting impact stands on four pillars first digital footprint Mastery this means building platforms that educate and Inspire creating content that drives real change establishing genuine connections that scale Beyond borders second sustainable value creation this goes beyond profit margins it's about developing solutions that benefit both thought people and Planet building business models that generate lasting impact creating opportunities that allow others to grow and Thrive third knowledge transfer systems document your expertise build Frameworks that help others succeed create educational content that scales beyond your direct reach your knowledge properly structured becomes a bridge others can cross toward their own success fourth Community leadership Foster spaces where growth happens naturally Mentor Future Leaders who will carry your vision forward build networks that amplify positive change across Generations now let's turn knowledge into action take out your notebook write down three areas where you can create lasting impact what problems do you want to solve who do you want to serve what unique value can you create your answers form the foundation of your legacy blueprint start with your vision choose your primary platform build your signature message create consistent value document your processes develop Frameworks others can use scale through systems that multiply your impact remember this truth history belongs to those who dare to build it your Legacy isn't some distant future event it's built in the choices you make today in the actions you take right now in the courage you show when facing challenges the time for impact is now the world needs your unique contribution your legacy awaits build something that lasts

- Seamless Habit Integration: Tiny Steps for Lasting Impact! 💫: Kind: captions Language: en hello to this video you will be learning three powerful strategics to implement any habit in your life for that is very important that you are clear about what kind of habits you want to implement in your daily days through this questionary you will learn how positive or not too positive you are living your life through your habits stay tuned first of all it's important that you understand that for all of us it's not too easy to implement any kind of habit especially for some people like me that we didn't grow up with discipline with routines with good habits however it is possible believe me with my own experience i can tell you it is possible but why is noisy first of all is not easy because we were created in a way that our minds are always starting to protect us in order to not spend too much energy because any option you do anything you do consumes energy mentally energy or physic energy anytime you want to implement that habit you need to consume energy and your mind will give you excuses believe me very good excuses in order to make you change your mind and say nah i don't want to waste energy and better we just continue in my comfort zones i will share with you three powerful steps that will help you to implement your hobbies to make it easy enjoy the process most important to make it long-lasting first step check your mind check your mindset that means for example if you want to implement the habit of prejean next to your bed we usually we have a table right so when i saw your bread you put your holy book or you put a knot or you put that test that you wear when you pray to god to the lord of the universe so it is like tricky right because when you go to bed the night time when you're going to sleep and you see it right this is a reminder so you say oh yeah you know i will do it or in the mornings you wake up and you see next to you you will check your mind because this is a reminder and you will feel like hey i will do it my first option in my day right there is many ways to trick your mind right once you are clear about that habit that you want to implement in your life you need to think what is that tricky thing i can do in order to make myself to check my mind and go for it if you want to do exercise in the mornings you wish in the mornings to go to gym or to go to run or just to do exercise at home whatever you just put your shoes your sport outfit already next to your bed so when you wake up and you see it you know you will just feel like doing it if you want to quick smoking treat yourself hiding or asking someone to hide your cigarettes don't make it too easy for you and just put next to you that you can just take it and do it so this apply for implementing good habits or trying to let's say cancel or avoid negative habits for this of course you need to have discipline and be constant and persistent if you give back one time this means you see the ticket in but you you don't have willpower that morning or that day and you just give up don't give up three or forty just keep going the important thing is that you try as many times as you need until you do it second and start little by little and start with a small change or steps or ways be realistic so that means for example if you are someone who never ever do exercise and actually you live a sedentary life and you want to change that right you want to implement the habit of going to work and your goal is to walk every day one hour in the beginning start to walk five minutes and then the next week 10 minutes week after 15 and like this you know little by little until you achieve your hour like this you will enjoy the process because if you force yourself working one hour from the beginning i never do and then today i will go and i walk one hour the next day you won't feel like doing it you will be super tired super exhausted and your mind will start to give you excuses in order to not do it because your mind knows that you will spend a lot of energy then you will be so tired some will give you ideas and excuses in order not to do it and like it is very easy you give up and you just don't do it that is why we need to be realistic and start little by little number three and for me this one is the most important because if you put on practice this step you will have long results don't think about what you want to obtain think about who you want to become so once you are clear about the habit that you want to implement in your life you think how is that person who already has this habit so for example let's say you want to be a writer you want to write books right so don't think i want to write one book think i want to be a writer and then imagine a writer what a writer does or does not how this person will live his or her life or for example you want to start to save money so don't think i want to save money for one month or two months or three months no think i want to save money always for the rest of my life how someone who cares about about money who use money wisely and save things and adds and lives right so you need to convert yourself into this person who has the habits that you want to implement so again it's not about the action itself it's not about this or that it's not about what you want to do it's about who you want to become who you want to be how that person that already has that habit that you want to implement is what she or he does or does not and then you start to think and to add as you are already that person and like this you will have long lasting results if you follow these steps believe me it will work 100 thank you so much for watching this video and making this world a better world subscribe share comment and thumbs up until next time universal blessings

  Top Comments:
  1. @dalysyanethromero6464 [5 likes]: Very good 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🙏🏻
  2. @JulietTheLifeCoach [4 likes]: Please Interact through comments and share your own experience on this topic 💕
  3. @dyannepauline [2 likes]: This is one amazing content, Juliet! Love how powerful habits can affect our life.
  4. @singaporekristenflower3582 [2 likes]: i totally agree with ur opinion !!!Habits make me more better person and build my mindset!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you for useful video !!!!!!! 💕💕💕

- Community Building 101: Steps to Making a Lasting Impact: Kind: captions Language: en I only say what other people are thinking and they want to say because they don't want to get cancelled and D in this day and age that is what has caused some of the problems in this world people can't voice their opinion even in a country that's quote unquote has freedom of speech like the United States you can't say anything that comes to your mind you have to be responsible not to hurt anybody's feelings but the fact of the matter is that sometimes feelings are going to get hurt because is they just do the most miserable person in the world is that person he or she who wants to make everyone happy you can't make everyone happy that's what I said in the videos coming up who am I either people are going to love me for my clear-cut 100% raw truth style that's who I really am underneath it all or they're going to hate me either way I'm not running for president so I don't really care about people's opinions I'm not saying I only care about my opinion but that's the only truth I know is my own and how I feel about injustices and things that are going on I voice my opinion that's the great thing about the Power of Choice you don't have to listen to me you don't have to agree with me at the end of the day I'm just grateful that I'm able to do what I love doing and I have a life where I'm able to enjoy my hard work and respect myself and be a able to prioritize giving back to people in a clear-cut way I don't charge for a whole lot maybe at someday some of my advice will cost a lot of money but in a world full of charlatans and scammers I tell you the truth because I Want to Build a Better Community of people and I want to build people that think unlimitedly without having to scam them into something or having to only worry about sales of my product or any one of those things I live outside of that realm and you know part of what we do here is that we promote

- What Will Happen to Marketing in the Age of AI? | Jessica Apotheker | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So let me start by bringing you back in time. We are 30 years ago, and the first word processors and spreadsheets are about to hit the market. And the whole economic world is bracing for the next big productivity revolution. Their promise at the time was we'd all spend so much less time writing, drawing slides, computing numbers on a calculator. And here we are, 30 years later, and the promise has come true. We all have so much leisure time on our hands, and personally, I only work two days a week. Of course, I'm just kidding. The reality of what has happened 30 years later is we don't work less. We just write much longer word documents. And our PowerPoint decks have gone from six slides to 50 slides. And I say that as a consultant. Also, we engage in much more complex decision-making because the amount of data that we have to process has just exploded. And why is that important today? Well, generative AI is coming, and it's coming to be embedded in the core of our organizations and the way we work. And that will be the next big productivity revolution. So the question becomes: how do we set ourselves up to actually seize this productivity opportunity? I'm a marketer. I spent all my career in marketing and also advising marketing professionals. Now, some say marketing is the number one impacted function out there. Some say the productivity impact in marketing is as high as 50 percent. So that question of how can I seize that productivity opportunity is super high on my mind right now, and I want to make the case it should be super important to you all as well, as business leaders but also as consumers. So what will happen to marketing? Well, marketing has traditionally been a super right-brained, creative type of function. That means what? Means we have excelled as marketers by tapping into the emotional needs of our consumers, coming up with that perfect product, that perfect innovation to meet that need, and also then cracking that great message that will convert the consumer at the right place in the right time. Already in the past 15 years, with digital marketing and analytics, marketing has evolved from being only right-brain type of general skills to a few more specialized skill sets, for example, digital marketing or marketing technology. But now the difference with generative AI, it is transforming the core of marketing activities. Now, in a recent study that the Boston Consulting Group conducted with Harvard, we found that ChatGPT, in its current form, already improves the right-brain performance of marketers by 40 percent. Imagine what that number will be in a year or two from now. So what do you think marketers would do with a day and a half of free time a week? More yoga? More family time? Do you think companies would allow that? Or do you think companies will just let large chunks of the marketing function go? Well, I believe none of this is going to happen. I think if we don't steer that productivity revolution very actively, marketers will invest this time in what they do best: more content and more ideas. Now, if you think of more content, there is a super productive outcome for all of us as consumers. More content actually means much more personalized content. Now think of that email that you're getting from your favorite brand every week. Imagine if that email was 100 percent tailored to you, means only images of people your age and gender, even people wearing T-shirts of your favorite rock band, every product relevant for you, and even a human-like experience powered by a bot. That is certainly a productive outcome. But there is also a very negative outcome for us consumers here, and that is content overload. How many of you already feel chased by the same content over and over again online? Now imagine if that content chasing you, if that amount of content chasing you just explodes. And imagine if that content chasing you also all sounds the same. Now why is that a risk? Generative AI has been trained on existing content and data. Because of that, it reduces divergence of outcomes. And that great equalization of marketing is certainly not a productive outcome. So what is the solve here? Well, I believe marketing, but also every function out there that is being impacted by this productivity revolution, needs to grow a left-AI brain, grow one fast, and also identify and protect its top right-brained talent. You're going to ask me, "What do you mean by growing a left-AI brain?" Well, I mean, the function needs to strategically reskill and reorganize to embed people that can build, use and diffuse predictive AI tools in the heart of decision-making. I mean, for marketing, building teams of marketing data scientists, marketing data engineers that build solutions that can be distributed to all marketers to, for example, unpack performance and predict outcomes. Imagine in marketing being able to understand what audience creative couples are really hitting it off in the market, or what product is working with which consumer and why or how is the marketing funnel evolving. I recently partnered with a consumer goods company that did exactly that. They decided to grow a left-AI brain advantage. We helped them build tools that were diffused in the entire organization, that helped every marketer predict for every marketing initiative what was going to be the sales outcome, how a consumer behavior is going to be impacted on every channel and every touchpoint, and go deep in unpacking execution insights to understand what creative was working and why. That created a super virtuous feedback loop in the entire organization. It also took building a team of 30-plus left-AI brain marketers that build these tools, customize them, but also in turn upskill the entire organization to use them. But the team's only a part of the puzzle. I see too many companies out there embarking on this journey, just training their algorithms and models only on their current content and data. Now, if you do that, the risk for a brand is to be trapped in your current territory. Concretely, imagine you are a brand that is super strong with millennials. There is nothing in data and content existing on millennials that will help you to be successful with Gen Z. And in turn, if you're never successful with Gen Z, you will miss out on important innovations and trends that will make you stronger with millennials. So I advise every company out there: think outside of the box, think outside your direct ecosystem on who could be super relevant data and content partners for you. Imagine you're a construction company and you decide to market to architects for the first time. You have zero data on architects. What do you do? Who has data on architects? Other construction companies, but they're direct competitors. So where do you go? Well, you go outside your ecosystem, potentially, for example, with financial institutions, insurances. You can set up a federated model with them, train algos on that, that will in turn make you much stronger to market to a new consumer segment. And so are you done? If you have that, if you have that data, if you have those skills are you done, you have that left-AI brain advantage? Well, no, actually you are not. If you do that, there is a risk you give all of your right brain to generative AI and in turn run a real risk of losing that divergence, losing that super strong brand identity, being trapped in that grand equalization of marketing I was talking about a minute ago. In the Harvard study we conducted with the Boston Consulting Group and Harvard, we found that when people over-rely on generative AI, the collective divergence of ideas drops by 40 percent. Concretely, that means that new ideas don't come to the surface. It means that true innovation is being stifled. So what is a solve here? Well, you need to identify the true artists, the true differentiators, the true innovators of your function. Now, if you've ever worked in marketing, you know who these people are. They are the ones that always disagree with you. Now you take these people and you need to strategically reskill them to use AI well, for example, to be inspired by new ideas, to be inspired by new trends, to also crack fast prototypes, to multiply their impact once they've cracked a great idea. But you need to protect them and teach them from using the AI to generate and originate original ideas. For that, they have to use their human brain. To keep those human juices flowing, and that, in turn, will protect the identity of your brand and your differentiation in the market. So I want to close with an advice for any marketer out there. What are you good at? Are you super creative? Are you the true innovator in the room? Well, if you are, cultivate that. That will be your superpower. Do you like data? Are you super rational, are you super fact-based? Then you should specialize. You should grow tech skills. You should be investing in predictive AI competencies. But right now, every marketer out there needs to choose their brain. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @IshPat77 [5 likes]: coming across this ted talk 2 years later - wow
  2. @brandonaynesmay352 [1 likes]: Haven't seen anywhere how ai is benefiting us. Where all the programmers at? Our software sucks! We should be at a point where software is as good as our ai is. Ai is kinda bad too?
  3. @jamesbustin2837: Hopefully AI will drop marketing in the sea.
  4. @riccardorobiglio535: micidiale
  5. @HarshVardhanSharma-m5y: If anyone can help me to figure out one thing, as a marketing enthusiast and person who wants to build a career in this field, I am confused what new skills or things we have to focus in the marketing field, as ai is evolving things are becoming confused for the freshers like me, to take actions in career planning, what thing we have to focus in digital marketing, or marketing in this current ai era.
  6. @ahmedbilal8079: I’m amazed by how smoothly you explained everything!
  7. @Mayank-ai-DS: This video hits home! I've been knee-deep in AI content creation for clothing brands, and while the tools are all sorted on our end, the real challenge is finding someone who shares that creative obsession. It's exhausting to navigate this space alone, and I genuinely hope to connect with someone equally passionate about pushing the envelope. 🌟
  8. @f4ust85: Gotta love how marketers constantly speak BOTH of "implementation of AI tools at the heart of decision making" AND "keeping creativity deeply human, AI under human supervision" and so on. So which is it?
  9. @VAPromo-agency: AI changes the game, but it’ll never replace the human. We dropped a podcast on this exact topic - check it out :goat-turquoise-white-horns:
  10. @userexperienceresearchers: Such a sharp perspective. The reminder that AI should amplify human creativity, not replace it, is crucial. Real productivity gains will come from balancing smart AI adoption with protecting original thinking and true differentiation.
  11. @EmilyQuotey: She's sounding like a computer ai
  12. @FonenVodan-d9u: Aún está en vigencia sus ideas
  13. @muhammadarafatgaruda: thanks a million, may Allah guide and reward you all with goodness
  14. @HowToHomeLife: All advertising is predatory, and 99.9% of it is absolute bullshit! It is the main job of the advertiser to monetize every citizen to the maximum amount possible, and all advertisers are relying on the stupidity of most of our society to believe in all the hyperbole that is stated in the advertisement! David Riddle
  15. @mauconline: Nice. I keep coming back to this video & each time, I learn something new.
  16. @PrathameshAdsul-z8m: Mind is an accumulation of impressions. You have no choice whether to pick up fragrance or filth, but how you hold it is in your hands. If you hold it right, it will become a miraculous tool. This is what meditation is about. May you explore and experience the “Miracle of Mind.
  17. @СерікжанӘлімбаев: Subscribe, this vety good video
  18. @ӘлішерНиязов: Good
  19. @НұрәлиСапарұлы: Very beautiful
  20. @Dr_GaetanoLoPresti: My studies are changing the world and the Marketing.. try to read about contemporary marketing 🙃

- Buyer persona in Facebook Ads - Pain, Problems, Desires || How to Overcome it || Lesson 15 || FB Co.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Now, look, whenever you create an ad on Facebook, you'll show it to a certain audience. There will be some people to whom you'll show the ad, and you'll convey a message to them. Right, suppose I'm your audience, and I'm viewing your ad. So, you'll deliver a message to me, and I'll act on it. Right, it's important that the message you're sending is relevant to me. The message should be a message that I can associate myself with. The message should be a message that speaks to my pain, my problems, my desires. Okay, that message should be such that if I act on it, it will be beneficial to me. Okay, the message should be such that then I'll pay attention to that message. If you send a generic message, I'll ignore it. So, how do you know what message you want to give your user? What do you have to say in the video so that the user will act on your message? What do you have to write in the copy? What problem does your user have? What problem does your user have? What problem does that problem have you created for your user? You'll create that problem for your user. The market does not let them sleep, you can write this in your ad copy, I am selling some product of digital marketing, like I bought you a course, not a course, and you came here, so when I bought this course, what was my message that brother, in this digital marketing course, I will show you such Facebook from scratch and if you can become zero and grow your business, you can grow your business through digital marketing, plus I am saying that even if you do not know anything, you can do this course, right, so I am telling you such things which fit your user, right, so now we will see how you will find all these things, how will you find your user's pain, how will you find your user's problem, how will you find your user's desire, how will you find your user's objection, how will you find this, now see, method number one, which is the simplest method, what you have to do is you have to go to Facebook, go to Facebook and whatever your industry is, I am hitting here, the example I am taking is bodybuilding industry, so you have to do this What you have to do is that brother, in your bodybuilding market, there will be some desires of the users, there will be some problems, so to solve them, what will you do first, you will come on Facebook and search body simple, one thing I will tell you first, this work takes a lot of time, so if you are thinking that you will do this work in 5 minutes, that is not possible, you will have to invest a lot of time and this investment is one time, whenever you make an ad, you have to invest this time once, then for future ads you do not need to invest this time, okay, so here I went to the group, you can see, there are a lot of groups here, so what I did was I searched body building and I went to the group here, now see how many groups there are, there are a lot of groups, okay, now what you have to do is open this group, how will you have to join that group so that you can read the posts of that group comfortably, this group is an open group, so I can see everything here, so look at this group, it is a public group, so whatever is there here, I It is visible so now look now I have come here see what is the first question what can I do to get a six pack right now here what does the audience want how can they achieve a six pack right so now look how to do it the first thing you have to do is what does your audience want they might have commented also so you can read the comments how can they achieve it so you can create a content on it and come down you have found out how to build masala brother see the biggest problem is that content is not history now look I have given you two content ideas within 10 seconds the top one and this is I am going to build up my masala now read below read below what people have said you have a very long list I want you to build up my arms and brow muscles write different things people just admire people other people beautiful don't look now here the guy has said give up no it just you make it difficult edgier and more fan you just admire if people beautiful muscles now you can do it in your copy how can you do it So look, right now a student from Banda is facing difficulty, so what should you write on your copy, no it's not difficult, you build muscles through YouTube, through my proven step by step system, step by step system, you will have the necessary knowledge and skills, you build masala fast food, go to the next group, go to this one, now look here, this is a closed group, so I am not able to see it, so I will reduce it here, make it a public group, what can you do to join the closed group, join that group, okay, so I will make this a public group and here I will go and read what is written in it, bodybuilding maths, this is a different thing Now I am not finding much interesting in this also, so you come back and join the next group, we found some good things in the previous group, of mind science, last evolution, ten de statement, now there is a lot written in this, I don't know what [Music] I will read all the posts, okay, so do you train your apps on again, now on this again you can see the content You can create it and send traffic to it and again you can market for it okay I'm starting you get read of pet trying hard but style not able you get read of fat do you think you have no idea do you have no idea last 10 pounds of dirty fat ing understand understood how you write the entire copy by using this content when I started I can forward it and do it okay what did I do I just read the contact and from there I took out the history so now you see I checked just two groups two to three groups that too public groups and from there I took out so many people's problems now what problem did I find here that brother it is not ending right now what will I write by using this copy like I just wrote in front of you so this is a very simple way to solve the problems of your people that is Facebook group second one is another very great way that is the whole you must know people go and ask questions and then people answer them so the whole But what about there are a lot of questions? If you read those questions, you'll get an idea of the exact problems people are facing. You can create content and copy around those problems. Okay, so simply, if I search here, " Bodybuilder Vidyut Jamwal is on steroids," which is what I should do, then you can create content around it. What do you do? You can shop. Okay, so again, you can create content around it. I have a female bodybuilder. This is something else, Indian diet plan, list protein. Now look here, you can see if anyone can give me Indian diet plan. So again, you can create content around it. Okay, now look, he's asking for Indian diet plan. So, what can you write? You can write a contact. Simply struggling to find an Indian diet plan which actually verbs [music] can you create around it, what should I do to improve my workout? Okay, another simple thing you can do is go to Google and here Write down bodybuilding problems. Okay, see what are the problems of bodybuilders? What is the problem of people who want to earn masala? People face difficulty in making close purchases on shopping. So you can create content around this. Suppose you are looking for a meal which means instant meal, right? So what content can you write? Look what is written here: breakfast, lunch, dinner, going, you should give watching and micronutrients. Okay, so you can simply write quantity, that brother, struggling, struggling, you know, prepare your milk, but are you wasting an hour, five fast, but give in preparing just whatever meal, okay, note other more and every such meal, one meal that will help you build muscle mass, right? So you can create such content from here. You have to pick this topic and search Google like this and whatever problem you see there, around what people are mentioning, okay? Secondly, this is another way, another simple way, you have to go to Google and you have to type this. You have to type in the title column body building forum, okay, now you will see the body building forum, so you will go to the bodybuilding forum and if you look here, people must have discussed a lot, so now you have to read all these things, different topics, Vijay discussions, equipment, programs, often size, nutrition, losing fat, suppose I went using facts, now you will see that people must have told a lot of things here, like what is my body, this is the question, look, what is my body fat percentage, so now see, apart from this, you can create content, you can measure your body fat percentage, okay, sticky, whatever you need, you know about losing facts, please someone said advice, please click and see what is written here, in this, in this, m1 hydrosis of lady Kande, I last 20 k plus on keto maintain air plus ball weight of 20 k plus when I when miss saline, on braces surgery, on this about later you had no pain I've been on a liquid diet, but I want my weight back to normal. You know, I don't believe you are what you think, but no, I really drink sugary drinks like this. I don't like snacks. I don't think sweets. Now look what he's saying, Bhaiya, I do n't like sugary drinks, and I'm desperate to find Salim. Now look what he's saying, I'm desperately looking to find Salim. It's simple. You've tried using weight loss in diet, but you're not successfully looking, but you're still struggling. You're finding a method which is actually like Google is telling you is so simple. You have to write it down, okay, like I told you, write this down. And if you read below, you'll see problems, and further, you'll have to make contacts around it. Plus, if you look back, there are many other big forums, so you have to go and check all these forums and see what Google has said there, that is, what people have commented. It has happened and you have to continue accordingly. Now look, at least you can do it on Amazon and search for bodybuilding. Now as soon as you read it, now see what you have to read, so first you have to read two or three things, see the book description. Now if you read it, then from here again you will get some history. Plus you read people's comments, what are people commenting, see this is a great book, every principle, every rule and everything, bodybuilder principle, knowledge of beginners. I am happy, I use Facebook. Now look, now when you are writing your content in the book, you can write that look, whatever it is saying in this, this is knowledge for beginner, intermediate and advanced. Now you look at it in your copy, adjust this thing from somewhere, but good for vintage photos of bodybuilding. It is saying knowledge. You are going to get in this ebook support. Write something like this, brother, it is scientifically proven. Whatever you are seeing here, it is not the nonsense above, okay. You can also write this and you will get good response from here, okay, which you can see, to find out the pain, problem, desire of your user, again you will have to invest a lot of time in this, I will show you one or two examples, what you should do is invest a lot of time in your product and slowly find out all the problems and make an excel file, write down whatever problem the user has there, just like we did research, find it and give it, make a contact around it, write the copy around it, okay, yes, it is very easy, okay, so now what is your task, whatever product, whatever service you want to promote, you should research on it and write down the problems of your users in an excel file, now when will you definitely need this, okay, thank you, so match [Sangeet]

- How To Stay Unbreakable In The Face Of Criticism: Kind: captions Language: en One of the unfortunate downsides of making positive changes is that people around you sometimes get negative. It happens with people beginning new fitness regimens. It happens with people starting new businesses and it certainly happens with people who follow tips on this channel to become more charismatic ó as they say, haters gonna hate. In this video, you're going to discover five tips to put haters in their place when they start chirping. First, when people start hating, ignore it. You don't have to laugh at their point of jokes, you don't have to defend yourself or respond, and you don't even have to look at them. Being ignored is one of the most powerful negative reinforcers and is often enough to get people to immediately change their behavior. If you're one-on-one, you can just let an awkward silence sit and if you're in a group, just go right on talking to someone else who isn't hating. People who are critical are usually looking for some kind of reaction and when you ignore them, they're likely to drop it. Second, when haters are passive-aggressive, act as if they're being genuine. So when you hear, "Nice sweater, bro," respond, "Thanks. I'm glad you like it." This can be confusing and it forces the person hating to actually say what they mean or to back down. Either way, you will not have to deal with passive-aggression. Third, this very special brand of passive-aggressiveness called I could never do that ó you tell someone that you're living off of ramen on your quest to save enough money to move to Nashville and hit it big in the country music scene and a reply saying, "Well, I could never live like that," or you tell them your new fitness plan that cuts out all sugars and they say, "Well, I could never do that," and then they look at you like you're crazy. Your response should be simple. This ó "it's a good thing that you make decisions for you and I get to make decisions for me because if the roles were reversed, it sounds like we both be really unhappy." Go back off immediately. Fourth, when the criticism is coming from people close to you, a bit of vulnerability can go a long way. Resistance is what compels most haters to continue. They'll tell you that you'll never be able to make it. You say that you will for these reasons and then they tell you why those reasons aren't good enough. The cycle continues as long as the disagreement is about the facts but if instead of arguing the facts, you share your values and your real concerns, you're likely to have more success. So when someone close to you says, "Your business is going to fail," respond telling them that, "Yes, it might not work out but I love what I'm doing and I'm learning a lot." Or when they say you should quit pursuing your goal as becoming more confident because it's not something they think you can learn, reply, "Confidence doesn't always come naturally to me so I have to work on it. But I have seen some improvements and it had a really positive effect on how I feel. So I'm going to keep going." People tend not to attack when you let them know the emotional reasons that you're working on something. Fifth, find a community. A lot of the hate that we deal with comes from people close to us who don't want us to change. They're invested in us staying the same even if it comes at the expense of our happiness and growth. So to limit the pushback you receive, find groups that are into what you're into. Go hang out with illustrators who like to draw comics or want-to-be comedians who practice improv at a local club. There's a group for almost everything and you can find it if you google your town plus the activity that you're into. Meetup.com is also great for finding your tribe. So there you have it, five tips for getting haters to disappear. As you want to join a tribe that is very pro self-improvement, click the button here to subscribe to the channel. You might even find some ways to improve that you didn't know you were interested in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CRAFTEEGOLD [1 likes]: Wish I saw this before reading YouTube comments today!
  2. @yaminaboub-jo2lb: You shouldn't be friendly with haters for sure
  3. @daminikhemai1: Pfff tell me about it holy moly 
They do everything to sabotage you're progress and  be like parasite to you until you get rid of them so much more peace and progress and no more stress
  4. @tatyana6063: No, not everyone's always right. But not everyone's always wrong, either. So you can't let the people who don't believe you bring you down, the haters as they're called.
  5. @thelyon3791: I noticed this generation generation x has a problem with criticism. Especially when it comes to social media they can put anything out that they want and they expect everybody to like it. Well they don't!!! Welcome to the real world!!!
  6. @zshah3107: Nope something it is better to be loved instead of being hated all the time, yes I wish !!
  7. @BrianLee1990-l4k: Hi
  8. @AgentQQ8: LoL
  9. @cloverlengocphuong2197: video importee dans ma tete trilingue.
  10. @shree-9G: No how to react when someone "  jokingly " passes a hate comment
  11. @TrulyBrokenFan: amen
  12. @GinjV: #3 sounds pretty passive aggressive. Maybe if "shutting them down" is a goal, and not a relationship you'd like to foster, that's a good response.I wouldn't use it in conversations with a friend (that I'm blessed to be having in the first place -people who listen to you are a great gift! They're literally responding to a goal you are voicing to them aloud - They didn't say 'You'll never be able to do that." "They didn't say, "I don't think you can do it." which would be "hateful". But saying "I could never do that..." is ALSO a way of complimenting the other person's efforts or belief in themselves, while implying you know that is their choice in a polite way to respond to someone making different choices from you. "It's  a good thing I make choices for me and you make choices for you" is off-putting, and sounds like you're offended by the other person's right to say what they could or couldn't do. It sounds like a passive way to be aggressive to them and not empowering to yourself and your ability to accomplish it. Now, you've become the hater, and that's a weakened stance. "How to stay unbreakable in the face of criticism" as your title can be better served by focusing on our ability to choose our response to any circumstance. The subtitle "How to shut down haters" is a different goal entirely. In which case #3 would work - and also shut down the relationship and any possibility of connection or communication. If the Title is the theme, then I'd recommend shifting #3 out with an empowering message: Perhaps Viktor Frankl (survivor of the holocaust prison camps, "You are NOT the victim of your circumstances, but the ARCHITECT of your response!"  Love it. Cheers!
  13. @snowing987: I do say "I could never do that" when I'm just sincerely expressing that I could never do that 🤔
  14. @sundrop2859: "People tend not to attack when they know your emotional reasons you are working for something"
That is how i convinced my father to allow me to play soccer..
  15. @jasperm9065: Want more!❤
  16. @Nameless.11: The problem is I can ignore my hater
He literally pushes me and If I do any
Of you tips he just makes fun of it
  17. @andyc9902: I say Excuse me?
  18. @htwmomo: If I were a youtuber and my haters were talking about stuff they did not like about my video instead of me myself and made a good point I might make a video for them or take what they said into considering but you don’t have to
  19. @htwmomo: Luckily my friend except different people like me so I don’t need to be in a boring and not real group with people like me
  20. @htwmomo: Some “haters” are just sharing their opinion unaware they are mean and some are jealous

- How To Write Killer Long-Form Ecommerce Facebook Ads (Direct Response): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys sudbury subi here and i actually put out a call on instagram for you guys to send me in some of your ads and i will take the time to critique them and write them we did it a few months ago and it's been a very popular segment i've had a lot of messages asking if we can do that again so that's exactly what we are here doing [Music] so one of the people that sent their ads to me i'm not going to be able to get to everybody just because of the the lack of time and there was lots of requests to review people's ads so i just basically randomly picked who who the people are and i thought we'd pick some weird obscure niches because they're they're a lot more difficult to write for than other things and this comes from amir and amir's sent me his ads and it looks like that he is selling a saffron tea and he sent me a link to his ads library and what you can see here his ads look good like he's got really striking imagery that look native and they don't look like ads which is the very first sign that you want when when you're putting an ad together you do not want it to look like an ad right facebook ads is a native advertising platform people are there to consume content they're not there to consume ads so the surefire way to make sure that your ads don't get consumed is to make them look like an ad but amir's already on the right track here because he's used really he's used images that still pop in the news feed but there's no like buy now there's no prices on them or buttons or any cute emojis or any of this crap that people do on their ads he's just keeping it nice and basic so immediately i think that he would have a high click-through rate but where where we can really tune up your ads here amir is on the actual ad copy so if i click into this ad here i'll just read out the copy we've got drinking saffron tea will help you ease the mind and relax the body saffron tea is a mood lifting refreshing herbal beverage full of antidepressants all you need is hot water saffron threads honey and mint leaf to make a cup of saffron tea available to for delivery australia-wide get your free shipping when you shop now get yours here with a link and then the headline of his ad says get he says you're 10 off code so that that gift 10 and that's probably some remarketing ads so i'm going to go back to this ad and see this is less remarketing with the with the coupon and stuff on there okay and it is so the headline for this ad is boost your natural feel good get saffron with free shipping and this is also with this body copy if you are if you are restless at night and cannot get a good night's sleep then drink saffron tea right before going to bed to make saffron tea pour boiling water over a smooth pinch of saffron threads and allow it to seep steep for five minutes get your when you shop now so there's a lot of room for improvement on this amir and we're really going to tune this up and we're going to get this ad doing much much better than it is right now so first of all the imagery is great i think that there's not much that i would give you and no no tips that i would really give you on that front because i think you've done a really great job um yeah the the the images are fine but let's look at what we want to do on the ad so the first thing is the first job of an ad is to simply stop somebody in their news feed and then it is to sell the click where right now what you're doing is you are trying to sell people directly on this ad and what i mean by that is you've got you're showing your hand right you're showing your hand of cards before you get the click you're telling them that you know you've got a product to sell um that you get free shipping on it and that you're shipping australia-wide and this is not the job of of the ad we can't sell people from this ad therefore we do not want to try and sell people because it's impossible to sell people from the ad all we want to do is stop them create enough desire and get them to click over to our website which is then going to do the selling for us so what i would do instead of having a headline for instance we'll start with the headline because this is typically where i like to start and then we'll move into the other elements of the ad so the first thing that you've got is boost your natural feel good gets and then the link description which is the almost the sub head that sits below the main headline of the ad says get saffron with free shipping okay so what we would do instead of having a headline like that we would have something along the lines of scientific like scientists reveal shocking new way to have the best sleep of your life right or 1260 year old ancient recipe reveals a hack for the deepest sleep humanly possible weird new way to have the deepest sleep humanly possible these are things that give the ultimate benefit that your market wants which is deep sleep right which is one of the the benefits of purchasing the saffron tea from the brief look that i've seen here and it also stirs up enough intrigue for someone to want to click a little bit more so looking at your actual ad copy itself i don't mind the lead-in copy i think it could be a little bit more intriguing you've got if you are restless at night and cannot get a good night's sleep then drink saffron tea right before going to bed right so what i think that you can do is just remove the ending of that opening lead-in and don't have then then um drink saffron tea because you're telling people exactly what the nature of your ad is all together you could start with if you are restless at night and cannot get a good night's sleep then this will be the most important post you read on facebook this year here's what it's all about there is a brand new study that shows an ancient recipe from 1268 years ago that scientists have newly discovered or newly rediscovered and it shows that it is far more effective than anything else that has ever been discovered to increase the depth of that you sleep and also the amount of of deep rest that you get throughout the night when you're sleeping and then go into some benefits about saffron and how people have been using it for thousands of years as this at like to help with their sleep ailments and to get really deep night sleep and that they've been giving it to you know new parents and new mothers who really need to get rest after they've had a baby and all the different kind of use cases that someone could be buying this they've got lots of anxiety and you know they feel that anxiety when they go to bed at night and that affects their sleep and their mood and talk about that and then in telling instead of telling people in the ad that they just need to get a pinch of saffron threads and put it in a cup of water and pour boiling water over and then let it steep for five minutes by doing that you're basically not having any unique mechanism to your product and nothing proprietary and nothing that would want them to purchase your saffron tea they might go that's just really interesting how about i go like to the local supermarket and just buy some of these saffron threads and then they don't even need to buy your product right so we need to make it that it's new and it's unique and they can only get it through the way that these saffron threads are grown where you get them from and they come from this special place in iran that is up in the mountains with high altitude and it makes the chemical and the compounds that are in these saffron threads so much more potent that this is the secret to the deepest night's sleep that you can ever get so then people feel that they can only get this big benefit from coming through to you and getting what it is that you've got so the whole thing of the ad is like you know the lead-in is great because you've got in there who you're targeting people that do feel restless at night and that are looking for a way to have a deeper sleep so you've done a good job by having that in your leading copy but then you've just given too much out you want to use story-based copy um you know i'm making some assumptions from your instagram page that you that you might be persian um you've got some arabic writing in here and it says i'm exploring the beauty of australia melbourne um and if so is there any story hook if you wherever you're from you know maybe this saffron was a childhood thing um and maybe your grandparents used to give it to you i don't know right i i'm pulling at strings here but i would think about what that looks like and what is the story and you know how long people have been using saffron and really intertwine some story based copy because nothing and i mean nothing works better better than story based copy for cold traffic audiences which i suspect is who you're targeting with these ads so you really want to have a lot more intrigue in the headline by using the examples that i've given you remove a lot of the other elements in this body copy of the ad and make it a lot more longer we want to pre-frame the click right looking at your website you know if we click through to to your website and see what happens where you're sending this traffic to let's take a look at that now all right so it comes through with a lady in a field of what appears to be saffron flowers premium saffron discover the health benefits of saffron so first of all if we're going for the sleep hook in our ads and the headline on the landing page that we send them to must be congruent and it must be talking about sleep as well the imagery is fine and then if we go here like we've got saffron threads you know ranging from 14.90 up to 34 for a small tin and then for a jar it's 79 so saffron isn't cheap right it's one of the most expensive things that there is so therefore we're going to need to use longer form copy in our ads because either i click through from a short form ad then i come through to this landing page you're sending me a jar of this stuff for 79 and then it's just a basic product page that says premium saffron threads 15 grams there's no real long form body copy on here there's a little bit of copy in here that's just it's not going to lift enough rate to get a transaction for someone to buy these saffron threads for 80 to a completely cold audience right we're going to need to really get them we're going to pre-sell that traffic before they come through to this product page and that's the way that you want to do it so benefit and intrigue in the headline more intriguing benefits in the leading copy long form story copy and then not buy now not free shipping we want to sell the click get them to click on through to our website and then out let our actual website do do the selling so there you have it if you do those things what will happen is you'll notice that your click-through rate goes through the roof you'll get a lot more engagement on the ad there'll be people tagging each other which then signals to the facebook algorithm this ad must be of very high quality because people are sharing it and people are engaging of it because it's a standalone value in the ad itself and there's a story and there's things that could interest people whether or not they choose to buy your and then that in turn is going to get you much more cheaper traffic higher click-through rate higher intent traffic pre-sold traffic through to your product or through to your home page and then as a result of that your roads will shoot through the roof so i hope that helps you a mirror hey guys we're coming to you from lockdown in melbourne if you enjoyed this video please like and subscribe share it with a friend we're dropping a video like this every day on youtube and i will see you in the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @shreybajaj8516 [6 likes]: It's been 13 short months that I have been in the direct response advertising industry. And the thing that has struck out, again and again, is the power of storytelling. Again, in this video, that has been the case. Here are some tippy top  pointers that i am taking home from this video:
- make the ads native to the platform (understand the context of the platform).
- Nail the research--on product, industry and the TA--as that is where you find the raw material for creating great ads (ex: Sabri pointed out using a personal story)
- Sell the click, create the intrigue for them to go to the LP and let the LP sell the product.
- maintain consistency in the environment you are creating (ex: here, with the copy changes that Sabri suggested, the product comes off as premium,, => that the product page needs to do the same and harmonise with the ad)
- Keep seeing such ad breakdowns, lower your ego and perpetually learn to create great fucking work.

Thanks a TON Mr. Suby for this video. I am gonna make a coffee, block distractions, and STUDY your entire "your ads suck" playlist in the coming days,
  2. @PianoKorber: In other words... the best way to sell is to lie as much as possible without getting caught?? :(  All liars will partake in the lake of fire, please repent!
Real skill comes from trying the honest way. Lying is more like stealing a customer rather than winning them over with a true good product...
  3. @joanneinthevortex: It's all great and effective, but the problem is when I run the copy past AI, asking if it complies with fb ads rules, every bit of it gets flagged. :( It's hard to write anything with the same power that won't get flagged. So frustrating! These pitches seem to be all over youtube, but fb is very strict. I write the copy based on your recommendations then spend the next 2 hours running it by AI for compliance check, over and over again, rewriting and rewriting. Can you do a video on powerful compliant ads? Love your stuff but if it's going to get rejected by fb, it won't work.Thanks! :)
  4. @MDACAPITALLLC: If you will use those headlines (like ultra promises types), most likely meta will ban your AD account
  5. @Anastoic: this is sik
  6. @WesTheCreative: Amazing value from this video even 4 years later
  7. @tauheedmudasir7121: Please can you kindly review mine, am a beginner 😢
  8. @landrad3251: Bro u deserve a million subs
  9. @dinodose07: So we just need to tell a fake story?
  10. @chaos_sam7796: Being a smart person, it boggles my mind how people can believe this dreamy shit in the ads, but if it works, if works
  11. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: Sabri Suby you changed the way I think for ads. great video. what about this headline: fell into a deep sleep like you never slept
  12. @theh5592: Man subri's the goat
  13. @jacksongroves7667: make it unique
  14. @meetmarko: gold.
  15. @togoni: U tech how to create wake news u f
  16. @ryanmd615: Appreciate, thanks
  17. @ranchero643c: Sooooo Good
  18. @niadennis8837: That was bomb advice!
  19. @HazStrikesU: At 11:08 you said 1) Intrigue in the headline 2) More intrigue and benefits in the leading copy 3) Long Form story copy 4) And they click through to our website

I'm a bit confused

About steps 2 and 3

Is the leading copy when the user clicks read more and the ad shows more text content on Facebook?

If so then would more intrigue and benefits + Long Form story copy be in the actual ad? 

So steps 2 and 3 would be in the same place just with step 2 text content above step 3 text content in the actual Facebook ad???

@SabriSuby
  20. @CerxFouquet9: I'm curious to see how you would sell product that are more emotional than functional. Like jewelry. Products like
this saffron tea provides a clear benefit like deep sleep, which has a clear audience: people always in fatigue, suffering from insomnia etc. But if i want to sell an order made ring, it doesn't have any functional benefit, but more of
an emotional one. I find that hard to qualitatively articulate.

- People Who GENUINELY HAD ENOUGH: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys. So today we're going to be looking at more Am I wrong stories? So yeah, let's just get right into the video. Am I wrong for kicking my mother out for throwing away my son's baking things because she believes that baking is only for girls? Oh, hell no. What? That's so freaking toxic. My 14-year-old son loves to bake and he's really good at it, too. He started with simple things like cookies, but now he can bake just about anything from bread to pies, even cakes. Sometimes friends and people we know will ask him to bake something and he will charge them a small fee. My mother has always hated the fact that my son loves baking. She doesn't understand what kind of boys enjoy things that are meant for girls. Ironically, his younger sister hates baking. I tried explaining to my mother that there's nothing wrong with my son's love for baking and that she's being sexist. But my mother is stubborn and always makes sure to mention just how much she doesn't approve of it every chance she gets. That's freaking crazy. Why would she think like that? Seriously, just why? Like, that's your grandson. Why doesn't she want to like cook with him? Why doesn't she want to spend time and like bake with him too? You know, they can bake together and both be happy. But no, she wants to be a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You know, that's crazy. If I had a grandkid who loved cooking, loved baking, I would love to bake with them. And then you can look at them and be so proud of them. Baking is not an easy skill. All right. Definitely not easy. She was visiting us for a few days and I came home from work to find my son to short. When I asked him what's going on, he told me that he came back from a friend's house only to find that his baking things had disappeared. When he asked his grandma, she just said that now he can find a new appropriate hobby. He has a specific kitchen cabinet where he stores all his baking things. And sure enough, it was empty. They weren't in the trash either. I asked my mother what she did with my son's things, and she proudly told me that she got rid of them because I was clearly not going to do anything about it, and that I was a bad father for allowing it to go on as long as it did. You're a bis. Damn. It's just so crazy of me to think that these people exist. What? Why would you want to ruin your relationship with your grandson? Huh? That's dumb. And then when she's old and she can't care for herself, she's going to wonder where everyone is. Where are my grandkids to come visit me? These were approximately $200 worth of items collected over a period of time. Handmix, scale, measuring things, pants, etc. I told her that the only thing that I have allowed to go on way too long is the constant disrespect for my son that she needs to apologize to him and either bring back his things right now or replace them. She stubbornly said that she's not going to do that. So, I told her that first thing in the morning, she needs to leave and that she's not allowed back here or around my children until she learns to respect her choices. She huffed and puffed all night and left in the morning. She was originally supposed to leave on Sunday, the day after my son's birthday. She even took the gift she had bought him and left with it. She sounds like a freaking immature brat. What the freak? She's a grammar and she's acting like this. Girl, you've been living for way too long to be still acting like this. You can't be over 60 years old and this is how you act. You had your time to learn how to be mature. Okay, that's freaking crazy. To think that a 14-year-old is more mature than the grandma is crazy. My stepdad called me to let me know what a piece of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he thinks I am for treating my mother this way and kicking her out like some random stranger. I told him that she did this to herself and hung up. Great. I love it. I love that he just stood up for his son because it was right. You know what I mean? So many people would just like listening to the parents even when they're wrong. Oh my goodness. So that mother just wasted like over $200 of the things. So they have to buy back all those things. Oh my freaking goodness. And they can't even do anything about it. So now they're just $200 down. That sucks. But I'm glad that the bond between the dad and the son is going to be a lot stronger now because the son knows that his dad has his back. I love that. Am I wrong for running away because my parents were late to my graduation over a lab boou? A lab boou. Yo. Um, this is getting out of hand. I'm adopted and was adopted as a baby. My parents thought they couldn't have kids, even tried IVF. So, when my sister Princess was born, it was a miracle. Of course, the sister's name is Princess. Everything changed. Princess was spoiled and clearly the favorite. She never got in trouble, was always right, got whatever she wanted, and acted however she wanted. My parents didn't treat me badly, though. But if I got one toy, Princess got five. It sucked. I was jealous, and I got in trouble for it. Princess got worse around age six when she realized how much she could get away with. She broke my things, hurt others, stole, and hated when anyone else had attention. I became a target. Luckily, I had friends, school, and relatives for support. So, it wasn't the worst. I did great in school and join clubs and sports just to stay out of the house. During summer, I worked or intern just to avoid her. Now, I have a car and a boyfriend since sophomore year. I stay with him a lot and his family loves me, so I'm barely home. Maybe 24 hours at most weekly. My parents didn't care and this was my normal, so I stopped caring, too. Anyway, graduation was last month. One of the few things I asked my parents to come to. I was excited. They seemed excited and some relatives came too, but Princess had to ruin it. See, her current obsession are these doll plush keychains called Lab Boooos. She collects them, and that specific day, she found this super rare one for sale in our city. Now, instead of contacting the seller and buying it the next day, my parents went to go get it. And not only that, spent $350. My graduation gift was $150. Then they showed up late. Our caps were already being tossed. I was hurt. After graduation, I ignored them and went home with my boyfriend. I've basically moved in with him at this point since anytime I went back home, it was to go get my things back. My parents called, texted, apologized, even came over and begged me to forgive them. Worst part of it all, they think it's the money and sent me another $100. I refused to talk to them. Now it's serious and they're threatening to report me as missing a runaway and contact my future college if I don't go back home. I feel justified in my actions and don't think it's that serious. Wo! I think the parents didn't even realize how this person felt until now. Like, they probably don't even know. They probably don't even know why their daughter is acting like this. They think it's about the money. No, it's about the way that you didn't even treat your kids equally and they're already 18, right? They graduated, so they can't even be reported as a runaway because they're 18. They didn't run away. They just moved out. You know, they were sick of their parents [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's why. Okay. And the parents threatening to call the college. What an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] move. Seriously, you would want to ruin your kid's life because you want to control them. Well, maybe you should have given them the attention when they needed it. They don't need it anymore. So, why do you want to give them the attention now and try to control their lives now? See, I hate parents like this. They're like, "Yeah, I don't really care about you. I don't really care about you." Well, you're going to cut me off. How dare you? Am I wrong for telling my husband I'm glad his mom died before she could meet our baby? Yo, his mom must have been like a terrible person. My husband's mom was a nightmare. Like, Lifetime movie villain level. She called me a gold digger for marrying her precious son. He's an accountant. Forgot to invite me to family holidays for 3 years and once mailed him a framed photo of his ex with a note saying the one who got away. When we announced our pregnancy, she said, "I believe it's his when I see the DNA test." She died suddenly last year. Car accident. I didn't cry. My husband was wrecked obviously and I held him through it. But inside, relief. Deep ugly relief. Fast forward to now. Our daughter is 4 months old. Last night, husband got drunk and Tifa was saying, "I wish mom could have just held her once and I sleepd deprived and still saw from breastfeeding just snapped. Thank god she didn't. She would have made her kid feel like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the way she did to me." Silence. Then he called me a heartless [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and slept on the couch. Okay, she shouldn't have said that. I think she should have just kept everything inside. If she was happy that his mom died, she should have just kept everything inside. Don't even let him know, okay? Because he loved his mom, okay? Even if you didn't like his mom, he loved his mom. So, I do think I do think it was a bit wrong for her to say that in front of him because here's the thing that a lot of people don't understand is the fact that even if someone's parents are terrible to you, they could have been the best parent to their kids. So, the kids will obviously love their parents, but that doesn't mean you need to love their parents kind of thing. So, I think she forgot that part. Like, her husband loved his mom. As much as his mom was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to you and you hated his mom's guts, I still feel like she should have kept that inside. I don't feel like she should have been like, you know, thank God she died kind of thing because in his heart, his mom could have been the best person to him, if that makes sense. Like his mom could have been terrible to everyone else, but still could have been the best mom to him. Part of me knows I crossed a line, but another part stands by it. She was cruel and death doesn't erase that. His grieving a mom who wasn't real, the version he wished she was. Meanwhile, I'm over here with stretch marks and a baby who finally sleeps. Just not sorry. I definitely feel like she should have just not said anything. Well, that's it for the video. Hope you guys enjoy. Tell me in the comments down below what your thoughts are. And as always, thanks for watching. Hope you guys liked it. And I'll see you guys next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RedGreenYellowBlue [44 likes]: Allowing your parent to openly disrespect your partner is wild. Even if his mom was cruel to everyone but him, that only makes it worse.
  2. @starwarsguy9803 [41 likes]: Honestly the first story made me pissed because there are so many bakers who are male and it’s a grandma’s job to teach her grandchildren how to bake. The dad is absolutely not in the wrong
  3. @Elli_Hamato_Todoroki [24 likes]: For the last story, I’m completely on her side. And I honestly find it weird for the dad to say that and sleep on the couch after he knew how his mom had treated her. She had every right to snap back. It was he on his mom’s side? Did he think it was ok how his mom treated her? In that case, he’s not the one for her.
  4. @jnd_jnd [20 likes]: The first story reminds me of my friend’s. His dad always tells him the kitchen is only for women, we men should never enter one. Kinda ironic how his dad makes him cook when there’s only 2 of them at home or else he gets mad. THE HYPOCRISY
  5. @emilyrose3490 [8 likes]: 7:56 even if she shouldn’t have said anything, I don’t understand letting your mother disrespect your partner like that. Imagine being a tired, hard working mother and your husband starts talking so highly about the shitty mil in front of her. He could’ve also kept that to himself. She was right, his mother would’ve made the kid’s life hell too, and her husband wouldn’t have been speaking so highly of his mom
  6. @cats-cacti [7 likes]: 1. If a dude is single and not rich... He will need to learn how to survive! Like cooking and baking!!!

2. Labubu... Pazuzu. Demonic dolls.
  7. @officialjocelyn9108 [6 likes]: Hasn't grandma ever seen Cake Boss or Duff Goldman??
  8. @barbarabrown7974 [4 likes]: There's lots of men who are cooks and chefs.
  9. @19GAS [4 likes]: Kyuties Way of Reading is so Beaauuuuuutiful!! :eyes-pink-heart-shape::face-blue-smiling::planet-orange-purple-ring:
  10. @Cad3rpillar [4 likes]: The woman saying she's glad her husbands mom died before meeting their baby is so weird. Just because she was mean to you doesn't mean she wasn't a good mom to him. What she said was really insensitive especially since he was already upset. Using just having a baby and having stretch marks as an excuse to insult your husbands dead mother is crazy to me. Some things don't need to be said out loud and I wouldn't be surprised if he decides not to forgive her.
  11. @1986bab [4 likes]: Granny should explain all that to the police.  She stole $200 worth of goods.
  12. @Twicify9 [3 likes]: Imagine saying “im glad your moms dead” to a grieving person let alone your husband.. We didnt havr any contect on wherther he defended her but he mustve bc she still stayed. She couldve said anything else like “probably wouldnt have even liked our baby” or something like that but not that shes glad hes dad straight to her face
  13. @the_fox_den_61524 [3 likes]: First Story
Are they able to sue? I mean, she basically stole $200 dollars worth of stuff. Right?
  14. @Nicholaspimpinsohard [2 likes]: In the very first story, that's great that the main protagonist's son bakes and cooks.  He shouuld pay no attention to his grandma and just keep on doing his thing because he's not hurting anybody, and plus women love men who can cook and bake.  I feel sorry for the grandma because she's stuck in her old ways of how she actually grew up.  The main protagonist should just stop talking to both his mom and stepdad too.  I wonder exactly how long has the stepdad thought that his stepson was a piece of shat?    In the second story, no she's not wrong because they never loved her.  They only adopted her because they thought that they couldn't have children of their own.  They put all of their time, attention, and focus on the daughter that actually had.  She shouldn't ever speak to them again.  The so calledd parents are completely lame and jusst so embarrassing too. She's 18 years, she's graduated from high school, and she's now  living permanently with her boyfriend.  They had their chance to be good parents to her, but they failed at that so it is what it is.    In the third story, in my honest opinion she shouldn't have said that because that was mean, cruel, and just so very hurtful too.  So what if the mom nevr liked her, she was in love with her son and that's the only things that matters.  She can never take back what she said because he is sstill very much grieving over the loss of his mother.  He will forever know that his wife despised his mom.  Never, ever say the first thought that pops up in your head or mind.  I love you Sweetie!!  Take care of yourself Beautiful!!
  15. @skyetan86 [1 likes]: That's just crazy because... so many bakers, as in professional bakers, are men?
  16. @LittleOnee- [1 likes]: How are you kuytie ❤❤
  17. @chenelagerwall409: 😂"girl,youve been living too long to still be acting like this" had me dead😂😂😂
  18. @Booila: My brother cooks and there are a lot of male chefs out in the world, both on tv and irl, so it’s surprising that the grandma even thinks that.
  19. @PawLove74: 2025 and still there are people that believe men should do this not that. That’s not manly you can’t do that 🙄 Cooking/baking is an important life skill it has no gender.
  20. @ingg2090: unironically tho i thought baking was ORIGINALLY meant to be a super masculine thing... cmon evil grannie what about the hot buff sweaty baker men hauling massive heavy sacks of flour with their toned figures glistening in the early morning light? does ur sexist behind rly expect a delicate lady to be able to physically bake? who the heck do you think made all the bread back in the day?

- Britain Is Now Banning Americans Over Israel Criticism: Kind: captions Language: en But Yuger and Hassan [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have been banned from entering the UK over criticism of Israel. If you didn't know, these two guys are uh Jenk is Hassan's uncle. They are Turkish descent and they have now been banned from the UK. They are American citizens. They are banned from the UK. Here's Chank talking about what happened. >> The most remarkable thing just happened. Uh I went to the airport to go to London. I'm going to give panel speeches at uh South by Southwest London and two speeches at Oxford. But it turns out I'm not because the person at the United uh counter said you have been banned from the United Kingdom. Uh it says here the government has rejected you. So I already had a visa. It was a 2-year visa. I was in the middle of it. So they went in and pulled a visa apparently. I had no idea why. And I have to say that it was a bit of a gut punch. I it's a little bit hard to shake me, but I was uh shaken there because if that feeling of having your freedom taken away was so visceral. No, you're not allowed to travel to Oxford, to London, to the United Kingdom, you're banned. You don't have that freedom anymore. Why? At the time, I didn't even know. I uh saw a Times of London article uh which is filled with total nonsense uh and but bit of a hatchet job against me. Um and I they said it's because I've criticized Israel. Guys, are we free anymore? This is insane. So 60% of America is critical of Israel. They have nothing that I've said that's anti-Semitic because I haven't said anything anti-semitic because I'm not anti-Semitic and I don't believe that you should discriminate against anyone. That's actually my core philosophy. I'm for complete nonviolence and equality for every race and religion. So since they don't have that, they said, "Well, by definition, criticizing Israel is anti-Semitic." My god, how many people are they going to ban from the United Kingdom? Millions of people. Billions of people. 60% of Americans are critical of Israel. Are we all going to get banned? Billions of people across the world are critical of Israel. Are they all now banned from the United Kingdom? What kind of insane standard is this? So, how long am I banned? What can how how do I get unbanned? And then the hilarious irony of it is, guys, they said, "Well, you criticize Israel in the wrong way. You said that Israel controls the American Congress." Well, no. I said Israel has given to 94% of Congress and those people vote with them and that is factual. That is literally factual. So now facts are anti-Semitic. But okay then they said since you said that Western governments are in some ways controlled by Israel, our government is banning you for criticizing Israel. I don't know if you know this, but I think you just made my point for me. And the fact that they even said that is incredible without realizing the irony. So, I'm apparently an outlaw in the United Kingdom. Now, I don't know if I'm an enemy of the crown, but this is crazy. We have to get our freedom back. All of us. >> Fox News actually reported on this and said, "Yeah, you know, he's anti-Semitic for for essentially uh insinuating that Jewish groups are, you know, pro-Israel or Jewish groups are getting are controlling the government." And then in the same article they actually said and it was Jewish pro-Israel groups in the UK that lobbyed to ban him from the UK. So it was like okay yeah I mean that so he was right. So there are groups inside of these governments that are powerful and getting things done the way that they want. Hassan his nephew was also banned and he says the UK has revoked my visa as well. All the at the all at the behest of Israel. The West is betraying liberal values for a genocide fascist foreign government. Soon we will all become Israel. And to be clear, I don't think it's Israel that lobbyed for them to be banned. It was um groups inside of the UK who are loyal to Israel. And so they want to control foreign countries at the behest of the country they truly love and adore, which is Israel. They feel like any and all criticism of Israel is a criticism of Jews, which is not the case. Unfortunately though, however, most Jews do support Israel. So, um there is that there is that problem. This is just a little So, what is it that Jenk said? So, I want to play you some clips of what he said that went viral that caused the UK to say, "Oh, this is all anti-Semitic." So, you decide for yourself. Do you know how much $337? $337 MILLION THAT THE ADSON HAVE GIVEN TO DONALD Trump because he is corrupt and easily purchasable. The Adson are corrupt and Israelis. The Israeli Adles gave Jonathan Pard a trip on their private jet back to Israel and celebrated him like a hero because they love people betraying America for Israel. The reality is America. I CAN PROVE IT. I CAN PROVE IT. I CAN PROVE IT. >> SO TELL ME IF WE SHOULD PUT AMERICAN troops or Israeli troops in. >> Okay. WHY ARE WE PUTTING OUR GUYS IN? BEN FERGUSON, THAT TRAITOR, SAID THAT IT WAS NO BIG deal that 13 Americans died. IT'S A HUGE DEAL THAT 13 AMERICANS DIED. WHY DO YOU SEND YOUR GODDAMN ISRAELI FRIENDS INTO A WAR? THEY STARTED SAID BY ME. never said by me. You know [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm never I'm never going to let anyone else on this program talk cuz the minute I start talking, they start interrupting and go, "Oh, Israel's the greatest. Israel is the greatest." They bribed all of our politicians. It is exceedingly clear. SO STOP WORKING FOR ISRAEL, you corrupt sons of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] WORK FOR AMERICA. HERE'S YOUR SOLUTION. Here's your solution. And it's super simple. WE GET THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] OUT OF THERE. We have zero interest in there. None. None. None. So let Israel. >> Now you know why Trump had to do what he had to do. You put in THE GROUND TROOPS. YOU PUT IN THE GROUND TROOPS. >> OKAY. >> Do you know how much 330? >> Let's watch another one. This is another uh big rant that Chen I mean he's not saying anything untrue. He's just yelling it. So if that I mean does that get you banned? Just yelling it. Here he is again. >> That's why it's deeply ironic when they keep throwing around that anti-semitic word, right? Uh uh we sped this up >> which now means absolutely nothing. They ruined that word. Uh it used to mean something. Now it means heroic fighter for peace. Uh and because if you fight for peace, they're going to call you an anti-semite. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. And they're going to say it two billion times over. This is a one-trick pony and they're giant liars. And all they love to do is smear everyone else. Like, oh, don't ignore our genocide. The real problem is people criticizing us. They're so evil and hateful. You know, everybody's sick of that. We're vomiting that word. We can't stand it anymore. Now, when anybody use the word anti-semite, they're almost definitely a racist because they're the ones who say, "No, yeah, Israeli children are the most precious children in the world." I think Israeli children are as precious as every child on planet Earth. I hope none of them ever get hurt. Right now, we say the same thing about Palestinian children. They're like, "No, you're an anti-semite IF YOU DON'T AGREE THAT WE SHOULD HAVE MURDERED 20,000 of their kids. We should murder ANOTHER 20,000. IF YOU DON'T SAY IT, YOU HATE JEWS." NO, BROTHER. NO. NO. You hate Palestinians. You're a deeply racist, nearly psychotic person at this point. So, I'm done with any Israeli supporter still defending the starvation of children. And and what they've done to Jewish culture, you know, is sickening. Holocaust survivor spoke out eloquently against it today. We're going to share that later in the show with you guys. My favorite author in the world, Yval Har, is an Israeli. Uh and he he said they are destroying our culture. The culture used to be for openness and caring about the underdog and the victims. And that's absolutely true. Jewish people in this country have been wonderful to me throughout my life. They were the leaders of the civil rights movement in a lot of ways because why? They want to step for up for other people who abuse etc. Now Israel has turned that culture into an oppressor culture, a racist culture, a culture who's just indifferent to other people's pain, other people's suffering. And all they do is lie. Every word out of an Israeli government official is a lie. So no, no, the Israeli government leaders are deeply evil. And now if you're still supporting them, when the entire rest of the world says, "Yes, it's definitely a famine. Yes, you're definitely starving the children to death. Yes, you've definitely murdered 62,000 of them. It's an 83% civilian kill ratio. The one of the worst in modern history, worse than Bosnia, worse than Sudan, worse than Aleppo. And the butcher of Damascus, uh, Assad butchered those people in Aleppo. That was a 59% civilian kill ratio. Hamas was a 67% kill ratio. Civilian kill ratio on October 7th. Israel's at an 83% civilian kill ratio. They're butchering civilians. and from the Jewish people. That's heartbreaking for what they've gone through now Israel's inflicting on others. And I can't stand it anymore. And if you're a person of decent and and any kind of moral conscience, you have to do everything in your power to get them to stop. It's like we're living in the middle of the Holocaust now. And where the biggest debate we're having is, have we offended the Germans too much? Who cares if we offend the Germans? We should be going to war against the Germans in the middle of the Holocaust. And we did. We're worried about the Israeli feelings. Are you insane? Children are literally going to starve TO DEATH TODAY BECAUSE OF THE GODDAMN ISRAELIS. AND THAT IS A FACT. AND IF YOU SAY, "OH NO, I FOUND A REAL problem here." Jake said, "Goddamn Israelis." That's an 807. My feelings are hurt AND YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR FEELINGS and your feelings are are racist. Say, "Oh yeah, PALESTINIANS MURDER THEIR KIDS. WHO CARES? THEY'RE NOT HUMAN. YOU'RE A RACIST. YOU'RE A SICK PERSON. Don't you ever say anti-semite. DON'T YOU EVER TALK ABOUT BIGOTRY. DON'T YOU EVER TALK ABOUT ANYTHING. IF YOU'RE NOT FIGHTING TO END THIS genocide right now, you're a monster. You're a deeply evil, immoral person. And I don't care what you think. Oh no, I get to say that I'm the only ONE WHO'S PURE. ANYONE WHO CRITICIZES ME, FIRE THEM. ARREST THEM. THEY'RE doing it today, guys. This stupid Trump administration. We're going to review 55 million visas in case anyone is criticizing Israel, they'll be removed from the country. And finally, that's the last part of it. Israel controls America. Saying anything otherwise is absurd. It's counterfactual. How could in the middle of a famine, force famine, all of these dead children, 98% of our government is still kissing Israel's ass? IT'S PRO GENOCIDE. I ACCUSE THEM. I ACCUSE THEM OF BEING DEEPLY immoral scumbags. Oh, where's the money? Where's the money? Our politicians sicken me and our media. Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, NO, NO. CONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS on anti-semitism. Protect the poor Israelis. THE REAL PROBLEM IS HOW YOU guys are offending the Israelis. No, the politicians, they're not crooks. They're not ignore a pack money. If you say Apac money, BUT THAT'S IT. YOU'RE HATEFUL. YOU KNOW, SHUT UP. LIE ON BEHALF OF ISRAEL. YOU HAVE TO LIE ON BEHALF OF ISRAEL. That's what mainstream media says. If you work at mainstream media and you still haven't called it a genocide, you're a coward. You're a sniffling, immoral, deeply evil coward. I'm sick of the people in power in this country using it to abuse people. They never help us. THEY NEVER HELP US. WE'VE GIVEN ISRAEL $310 BILLION. AND then Israel comes and says, "You owe us. You owe us. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? WE DON'T OWE YOU A GODDAMN THING. WE SHOULD CUT OFF ISRAEL. They're not an ally. Let's be clear about it. NO ONE HAS GOTTEN US IN MORE TROUBLE. No one has caused more harm. No one has caused more wars in my lifetime than Israel. We Israel is not our ally at this point. They are our enemy. They take money from us. They incriminate us to the whole world. They implicate us in their immoral war crimes. No one has hurt this country more than Israel has. ISRAEL IS OUR TOP ENEMY. ENEMY. CUT OUT THE GODDAMN FUNDING. YOU'RE TAKING MY MONEY TO MURDER PALESTINIAN CHILDREN. YOU GODDAMN RACIST. THAT'S HOW I feel about it. Dumb Turks. >> Yeah. Um well, he's quite But that apparently got him banned. I mean, does that deserve to get a person banned from the UK, from this western free country with Western values is what the UK would say. Um, I want to read this to you. One person actually asked Groank um of all the countries mentioned including Israel. So, these would be our allies. So the countries mentioned would be United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, Japan, France, Germany. Of all the countries mentioned including Israel, which has shown to be the biggest threat to US intelligence and why? So this is to Jenk's point of Israel's our biggest enemy? Grock's answer was, "Among the countries mentioned, US counterintelligence assessments have long identified Israel as conducting the most aggressive espionage operations against the United States of any ally, particularly targeting military tech and classified intel. The standout case is Jonathan Pard, a US Navy analyst who passed over 800 highly sensitive documents. US officials, including in damage assessment, called it one of the most harmful breaches to sources, methods, and national security by any ally. Some material reportedly risked reaching adversaries. You know, they never told us if anybody was killed from that leak, like if any operatives inside that had knowledge or whatever, if any of them were killed, we don't know. But I would assume I would assume people were killed with how inflamed the CIA was at the time, with how upset the Pentagon and the CIA were. My guess is people died because of that information that was leaked. People got killed, assassinated. The Israelis like to assassinate scientists. so yeah, you know, Israel has spied on us over and over and over again and Jonathan Per case is just one of them. We also have the Apollo affair. We also have the fact that they killed a bunch of soldier, a bunch of sailors on the USS Liberty. So yeah, you know, Israel is why are they an ally? Don't know. The only thing they've ever given us is orange juice during the Korea War, literally. So Hassan [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh, why was he banned? Well, these are the types of things he said. This is him on pod save America. >> I think it connects to another comment of yours that's been circulating. This is one from January. Hamas is a thousand times better than the fascist settler colonial apartheid state of >> I stand by that. Well, so I will say this is the one that bothered me most when I first heard it and I remember I remember having a reaction to it when I first saw it in January because I think even if you believe what happened in Gaza is genocide and what's happening in the West Bank is >> apartheid. >> Those are different claims from Hamas is a thousand times better. You say Hamas is a thousand times better. Do you actually mean that or is that a rhetorical move or like a solidarity signal? Like what what I mean it's all of the above. I do mean it. Uh, I think it's a rhetorical move because it frustrates a lot of people. I've also said I'm a harm reduction voter. I'm a lesser evil voter and therefore I would vote for Hamas over Israel every single time because um I'm looking at the situation as uh as as uh a a paramilitary organization that has like a political party as well, a polit bureau as well that is entirely comprised not as an alien force but of orphaned children that have, you know, had their parents killed by an apartheid state that has been dominating the lives of of Palestinians for 80 years at this point. And I think that resistance movements that um engage in, you know, mass slaughter or or civilian targeting and all like they just have less success than ci than resistance movements that are um nonviolent. I mean, it's obviously in history. Oh, I know. We've we've had a revolution here. I get it. I get armed revolution. Yeah. >> Not only that, but he's saying like a nonviolent resistance. I mean, what are the Israelis doing? What do you call that? They're not nonviolent at all. So, I mean, what is it? What is it they're doing? >> But that but I do think if you look back over the last hundred years, non-violent movements have been more successful than armed resistance movements. That's just but uh I think it was it might have been Tori who said it. uh you know, you can only you can only shame someone who has a conscience and if your enemy has none, it's impossible to to get them to to react to your civil movement cuz uh the Palestinians have tried. >> You know, it's interesting because basically what he's admitting when he says that type of thing and you hear it all this all the time. You hear this, well resistance movements shouldn't be violent. So what they're admitting is that the Israelis are not a resistance movement. But that's how they've always framed it to us, right? They've always said, "Well, the Israelis, these are the Jewish people. This is their homeland. They're from here from 3,000 years ago. They want to come home, and these other people are murdering them, and you know, they've just been subject to holocausts and genocide, and people have just been wanting to get rid of them, and they're just trying to survive." Well, that would be a resistance movement. They're just resisting all of the hate. They're resisting all of the violence against them. They're resisting genocides against them. And so, but their resistance is extremely violent. Extremely violent. And I mean what so what do you and so yeah you know when you actually compare the two resistance movements I mean if they're both resistance movements because they are I theoretically then I mean well we I obviously I would say Israel is a colonizer movement but let's just say you know we'll say there because I think a lot of the Jewish people that are involved in it the Israelis you know I do think they believe that it's a resistance movement. I think there's plenty that just want the land and they say, "No, no, no. You know, it's God gave it to us 3,000 years ago." But I also think there's a fair number who just say, "Well, you know, we're they're really truly afraid." I mean, they've been indoctrinated to believe everybody wants to kill them. From birth, it was always everybody's against Jews. Everybody's jealous of Jews. Everybody's for is since the dawn of time has wanted to get rid of Jews, right? You've been expelled 110 times. Everybody's want Everybody's out for us. I mean, that's the narrative they've been taught since birth. So there there are just a chunk of them, a huge chunk of them that are just scared. I mean, genuinely just scared. They just really believe all of that. And it's really sad. I mean, this is just like a really tragic situation. And so they believe they're resisting. And they're doing it extremely violently. So you've got two groups of resistance fighters essentially who are and one is without a shadow of a doubt 10 times more violent if not 100 times more violent than the other. I mean that is categorically true that's not that's not a well I think so maybe no it's it's actually documented it's true one side kills at least 10 times more than the other side. So, one side is, you know, when the aliens come, which apparently they already have. So, when the aliens come and they're like examining and they don't have any biases towards any people, they don't care about any of us and they're looking at all of us and they're like watching the fights and the squables, they're just going to do it based on logic, if these aliens are logical, and they'd say, "Okay, this one group has killed 10 times more, so obviously they're 10 times more deadly. So, obviously they're 10 times worse." It's just a math equation. And yeah, from Hassan's point. Um, if you had to choose between the two groups, I think that most people with but we've been indoctrinated, right? We've been told, "No, no, you're not allowed. If you say that you side with this other group, then you're a total terrible monster." Uh, well, we need to make it to where if you, and it is becoming that way, where if you side with the Israelis, then you are a terrible monster. So, now you've got two sides where if you side with either of them, you're a terrible monster. But when everything's equal and you look at it and you just do the math, one side is absolutely worse by the numbers. The math doesn't lie. It is what it is. So that's what Hassan said that was considered terrible and awful. one thing before we wrap this up, I mean I definitely the UK banning it makes me nervous. I'm nervous. I am supposed to fly through the UK in a month or two. am I going to be able to will anybody like Hassan and Jenk say, you know, will anybody be able to go through that's been a vocal critic of Israel? They're going to what? Comb through everybody's are you going to be criticized and prevented from going into the UK because they're going to look at your Facebook posts or they're going to look at your Twitter account and they're going to see that you yourself because we're all online now. You've been critical of Israel, maybe you can't go. You know, what is it? What what is this going to boil down to? Where do they say you know what is considered dangerous speech to them to where it crosses the line and now it's dangerous? I don't think anything that Jenk has said or even Hassan has said is dangerous. I think that you know what is the difference between siding with Hamas or siding with the Israelis. What is the difference? They both kill people. One side kills way more than the other. So why is that why is it okay to side with that side? I mean that it doesn't make any sense. It's all just indoctrination. It's all just because of brainwashing. But before we wrap this up, I do have to point out the hypocrisy. So, um, Hassan now and Jenk are complaining about censorship. And I think this is important to point out that these two were very pro- censorship during the pandemic, right? These are leftists that were very much pro COVID lockdowns, pro- vaccine mandates. Here's Hassan [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in 2021 saying, "We need to start vaccine passports 100%. You don't get to go out if you're not getting the vaccine. Most European nations are already doing this." Well, you wanted to follow Europe's lead, you know. So, they're banning you for speech. I guess that's next. These are the types of things that I hope when it finally happens to them in another capacity, they turn around and say, "Wow, I was wrong and I shouldn't have taken the position that I did." I know that um there have been others that have taken really strong strong stances toward censorship. Yes, censor them. Ban them. And then when it happens to them, they say, "Oh, wo is me. I'm so sorry. I never should have advocated for that." So, it would be nice to see Hassan and Jenk both say that they were wrong about the pandemic. Uh, everybody got COVID. The vaccine did not stop the spread. And so, if you wanted the vaccine, by all means, you could go get that vaccine. But to push it on the rest of us, what good does what what good did that do? It didn't do any good. So, you were just wrong. And you should admit that. You should admit that. pushing for censorship, pushing for um harming people or banning people. Not a good look, right? And maybe hopefully something that you look back at and um apologize for. That would be nice, wouldn't it? Thanks for watching this clip from the full Kim Iverson show, which you can catch Monday through Friday, 2:00 p.m. Pacific, 5:00 p. a.m. Eastern for free at kimrversonshow.com. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @emmarogers948 [1 likes]: As a brit this is crazy but most of all scary 😬
I was banned from reddit for saying its a genocide in gaza. Hopefully i wont get a knock at the door 😠
  2. @bigglyguy8429: So a Lefty got canceled and now cancelling is a terrible thing? Mugged by reality, huh?
  3. @manuelavivero: It is sad that in the middle of genocide, we still feel that shouting about it is not appropriate. We are scared of strong emotions and scared of the revolt that it can ignite. But is being polite effective? Is this madness going to stop because we ask?
  4. @tallesttreeintheforest: did cenk said his favourite author was yuval harari?..LOL! 
regardless of this banning stuff, cenk has always been a clown. not very bright.
  5. @aycaerakbas980: Do anyone give a shit about UK ??😅 screw city of London !!!!!
  6. @ProfessorReez: 😮😮 This has gone beyond ...!! Whereas there's nothing called "Antisemitic" as it's just a soft weapon to use against those who point fingers on Israel with its atrocities...🥴
  7. @lawrencedavis4406: Also, they were not wrong with pushing vaccines during Covid...it saved lives & lest you forget, people were clamoring for the vaccine...until all this anti-vaxx propaganda poisoned the water...and people died...so pushing vaccines as a counter narrative to the antivaxx propaganda was a GOOD thing...its kept me alive and millions of others...they should never apologize for doing good!!
  8. @lawrencedavis4406: Hey, I was born Jewish but rejected Judaism over 50 years ago as a kid, have been anti-Israel since then, have known they are a totally evil, fascist terrorist genocidal place, have known that birthright is a brainwashing tool...does that mean I will be banned from the UK as well?? I have extended family there...my brother's wife is English & Jewish & their wedding was outside London in the summer of 2003...would i be banned there going forward OR accepted cuz I am Jewish born & they would assume I am pro-Israel, when in fact I am anti Israel & pro Palestine, Iran & Lebanon?? Total BS they banned Cenk!!
  9. @geoman8912: This is total bs..yes they have been banned for their rhetoric because the UK government doesn't want or need foreign agitators coming here and inflaming an already volatile situation..fun how the 11 right wing agitators that where banned in early May is just being ignored..the government are treating them the same..left and right..we don't need American politics being dragged over here....so blow me.!!
  10. @LeylaKazazi-b7f: Wow I’m shocked banned ??? Honestly that’s fine who wants to be part of London anyways, especially if speaking the truth with passion makes you dangerous to visit their country screw them. They don’t deserve his hard owned money.❤❤❤❤ thank you Kim❤
  11. @mario9318: Vaccines are special cases, when they were implemented they dramatically decreased the spread rate in every single country. By exercising your freedom to put, or not to put anything into your body you are also undermining other people's freedom to not get infected, it is a much more complicated moral dilemma. 
 It is easy to dismiss everything afterwards now that we know it was not that big of a deal, it was not a civilization ending virus (you don't know that when you are going through it) , but could be other pandemics much worse around the corner where mandatory vaccinations would be absolutely essential to avoid mass mortality or even what you see in the movies. 

 The example we have set is not great, I can see much more resistance to this if and when it becomes necessary ( I pray to God that's never).
  12. @Trapeziussss: Do you know what this means guys? this is the most wild thing I've ever seen in my 37 years on earth. Being banned from British for saying something about a completely different country..This literally means that Israel actually does control us congress and Britain...that's literally the only explanation
  13. @Ndkan1923: I didn’t understand why you at the end criticized Hassan for covid vaccine suggestion? It is a different topic.
  14. @jesusk1358: How is someone saying we should get vaccine a form of censorship? Come on!
  15. @jwaxmcgeeg9706: great.. i never wanted to visit that muslim country
  16. @snotslop: Britain now subservient  to the DEGENERATE Israeli state
  17. @kubapuchalski8633: The UK is not only banning Americans; they are also preventing right-wing politicians from entering the country when they are supposed to attend Tommy Robinson protests. They have also stopped a right wing politician on a family trip at the airport for six hours because some unknown agency reported that he had visited the country.
So it's not a left-right issue; they're declining entry from both sides.
  18. @patron7906: No fan of Hassan, a limousine liberal hypocrite, but what a joke they are banned for having an opinion. And on this one, honestly, not an entirely unreasonable one, either.
  19. @sirmixalot38: Honestly, who woukd even want to go to that shit place anymore?
  20. @I_love_Mette: Brittany Selner and Martin Selner were also banned from the UK. It appears the UK does this all the time. It is also important to note England was the parent country to the Balfour Declaration.

- How To Create a Buyer Persona (FREE Template): Kind: captions Language: en - Why don't marketers regularly talk to their customers? Is it because they might stink real, real bad? No, I mean, we know that it's pretty hard to connect to the people that we're marketing to, which is why before you start selling to anyone you really need to know who exactly you're talking to. Otherwise, this whole game ain't gonna work out for you. Buyer personas are a super valuable tool for attracting high value visitors, leads, and customers to your business. In fact, companies that use buyer personas in their marketing strategy have increased website traffic by 210%, increased email conversion by up to 10% and boosted organic search traffic by 55%. It's a lot of percentages. So personas can drastically impact your marketing efforts. But let's start with the basics. What is a buyer persona? Put simply, it's a semi fiction representation of what your audience looks like with all of their key details combined into one avatar or persona. Kind of looks like this. So while creating quality leads engagement is challenging, personas are a useful way to help marketers get honest about who we're talking to. They put you in the customer's shoes to understand their challenges, pain points and needs. Knowing who you're talking to can guide your messaging, inform relevant content, and underpin truly compelling campaigns. And it's not just marketing who benefits. Having an authentic picture of the people who buy from you helps customer service behave more empathetically, by anticipating issues faster. Personas helps sales connect with the people who are most likely to buy from them, saving time that would otherwise be wasted on less than ideal prospects. Your product team needs to know as much as possible about who they're building for. Giving them really crispy persona profiles will help them tailor whatever you're selling to hit that customer sweet spot. So how can you build an accurate picture of an ideal persona? First, you need to figure out how many personas you actually need. If you're a smaller business or part of a small marketing team, it's best to start small. We recommend just one or two. Keeping your personas tight means you can make them as rich as possible. And I don't mean handing them the bag. No, I mean having as much detail as possible. And that way it's easier to get internal agreement about what those persona characteristics might be. Let's talk about how you can build a super crispy persona profile. There are three keys to creating useful and authentic persona profiles. Research, research, and research. Easy to remember, right? There's a few different levers you can pull to fill out your persona profiles. The first is internal research. A great way to build a customer persona is by talking to the people who are already talking to your customers. Reach out to your sales or customer success teams, they'll have tons of ideas and insight about your customers. Some of the questions you can ask are, what kinds of content are people engaging with most on our website? What's the most common query we get from customers? What are their most common pain points? What are the most common objections the sales teams hears? On top of this, you can leave feedback forms. Just remember to keep them short, To have the best chance of completion. Only ask the most pressing questions. Giving people agency to influence their experiences with your brand in exchange for feedback is more than a fair trade. And most customers know that. You can also add incentives, offer discounts, or early access to customers who give you feedback. Another way is market research. This is about finding where your prospects hang out where how, and why they buy. If you're running Google Analytics, you can find out how customers are engaging with similar businesses. You can look up market leaders and see key demographics around their audiences including average age, gender, and interest. Google Analytics Market Explorer also shows you the ways these people connect with similar brands, including paid organic referral or direct. Seeing how other brands in your space engage audiences is a really valuable way to build a picture of consumer's behavior. If it's true for enough of your competitors, it's likely true for you. And once you have that information you can use social media to research people on Facebook and LinkedIn by title, industry, location, interests, etcetera. All these methods will help you gradually build up your understanding of how buyers interact with your part of the world. And if you can ask your happiest customers and biggest advocates really nicely, you may even get some customer interviews. Getting FaceTime with your customers is like getting picked first in kickball. Doesn't happen often, but when it does, you're feeling good. You know what I'm saying? Holding interviews one-on-ones or group discussions are all great ways to get candid feedback, feedback that rarely shows, up in its entirety on a feedback form or survey. Here are a few tips to get the most out of your customer Interviews. Who, what, why, and how? Who? What's your occupation and your experience like? How do you prefer sales to approach you? What do you need to get clear on before you decide to buy? What? What are your goals? What are the things keeping you from achieving those goals? Why? This one is about your business and brand? Find out why the customer chose you. Why did they find your brand attractive? What do you do that the competition doesn't do or doesn't do as well? And finally, how? How does your product or service solve their problems? If you can get honest answers to these questions from your clients that'll add so much value to your personas. You've got the info now you need a visual aid to put it all together. Give your personas names, make them feel as real as possible. This does a couple things. It makes it easy for other teams to share and digest. It's a single source of truth that everyone in the business can agree on and refer back to. So for example, when your salesperson picks up the phone, they've got a clear image of the kind of person they're going to be talking to. But keep in mind, once you've developed your buyer personas, you need to keep them up to date. We recommend reviewing them every year, so you know they're still relevant. Don't have a template on hand. Well, no sweat. You can download our free buyer persona template down in the description below. It's got everything you need to make a crispy and rich persona profile. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go make my own persona profile about myself in top three things, likes kickball, likes being chosen first in kickball, and wants to go to kick first in kickball. So if that fits your business, let me know. I'll see you next time. - I can't find this client info. - Have you heard of HubSpot? HubSpot is a CRM platform, so it shares its data across every application. Every team can stay aligned. No out sync spreadsheets or dueling databases. HubSpot, grow better. (upbeat music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [5 likes]: Download HubSpot's Official Buyer Persona Templates [FREE RESOURCE] https://clickhubspot.com/g16
  2. @JakubPokorný-y1u [2 likes]: The clarity in this video is outstanding.
  3. @broby-kw9qr [1 likes]: I doubt it's possible to analyse different website data with google analytics. 3:08 the image is photoshopped.
  4. @CourtneyJackson-z2m [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this video. Very instructive.
  5. @CKawamon [1 likes]: I've just met you and already love you ! ❤
  6. @aluisasilva [1 likes]: Such great energy and informative content! Instant subscriber
  7. @hermajesty8808 [1 likes]: Buyer persona simplified! Thank you ❤
  8. @anirbandeb5509 [1 likes]: really helpful
  9. @jamesroodt5306: Man such insane insight thank you!
  10. @MUHAMMADASLAN-q6c: very bad style of delivering content
  11. @rahuldhandhania7231: So much talk and 0 value 😢😢😢
  12. @TsvetanAngelov-l4w: You explained it better than most paid coaches.
  13. @AArtedaObediênciaIrônica: This video on creating a buyer persona seems incredibly helpful! Having a clear understanding of the target audience can really elevate marketing strategies. I'm particularly excited about the mention of a free template, as having a structured guide makes the process so much more actionable. Looking forward to trying it out and seeing how it can make my marketing efforts more effective! Has anyone else given it a go? Would love to hear some feedback!
  14. @rosuadonis8562: Thank you!
  15. @thorinalvarado: Jamal, your ability to break down complex concepts into actionable steps is impressive! Thanks for the free template; it's a game-changer for refining our marketing strategy and truly understanding our ideal customers.
  16. @danone2414: the vibe is inmaculate!
  17. @frankydambrosio: Really helpful video and template - focusing on the "why" behind the persona is key for effective marketing! This will save so much time, thanks!
  18. @IridessaPTY: Thank you for the information, it was clear, interesting and helpful! ☺️
  19. @KathyRiekmann: It was very interesting
  20. @fts4608: Very American . Had to play it at 0.7 speed with subtitles to understand it 😮

- How To Create Buyer Persona For Facebook Ads | Facebook Ad Series | Part 45: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone Welcome to our new video our Facebook ads series is going on if you want to watch the whole series you can come to our Channel and watch those videos from here okay so in today's lecture we'll be discussing about how to create a better persona for Facebook ads so without any further delay let's see how we can do it okay so first of all let's get to know what is bear Persona and in the later part of the video we'll show you some of the samples of creating buyer personals okay so for learning about bad person us we have come to a blog site which is called infant bound okay so they have discussed about bad Persona in details okay so you can see over here buyer personals are a major component of any effective inbound marketing strategy after all you have to know who you are marketing and selling to before you can make a sell okay so they have discussed about what what is where Persona how to define your bad personals in five steps so step one step two three four and five okay so what is a bad Persona actually a bad Persona is a fictional representation of your ideal client or target audience with a clear picture of who you are marketing to it's Mass easier to develop effective targeted content that speaks to this bad's goals and challenges okay so where are buyer personas important think of your buyer personas as a personal narrative you are developing a story for and context around the people who are most interested in your product or service you want to know as much about them as possible so that you can provide personalized service relevant content and helpful sales information your buyer personas and the best place to organize all of that information into a story that will resonate with you and the rest of your team okay so how to define your buyer personals in five steps so they have discussed about where personals in five estas so the step number one is research your buyer Personnel okay so if you want you can read them okay then the next step is segment your buyer personas okay so you can you can segment your buyer persona then the third step they have discussed about create a name and a story for your bad Persona okay and as the fourth step they have discussed about focus on roles goals and challenges and in the last step they have mentioned use your buyer personas to craft trailer digital marketing and sales strategies okay so I'm gonna share this uh blog Link in the video description so that you can learn more about buyer personas and some of the steps of creating bad personals okay perfect so we'll see a picture so you can see over here this is a picture of perfect customer profile so what do we have there you know so we have age education religion social class Urban or rural income bracket location occupation personality lifestyle male female race company industry bear our bargainer interest medical status values mindset and culture so this is the perfect customer profile so you can follow them for creating the buyer personas okay so we'll take a scenario okay of creating a persona for example say you identify a core customer group as 40 year old professionally successful City dwelling women with no kids and a passion for great restaurants your buyer personas might be high achiever uh heli okay so your bad personals could be she is 41 years old she goes to spin class three times a week she lives in Toronto and is the founder of her own prayer from she owns a Tesla she and her partner go on to International vacations a year and prefer to stay at boutique hotels okay she is a member of a wine club okay so sorry so this could be the bad person of this woman Okay so I'll show you how to create a demo by Persona so you can see over here so I have mentioned how some of the targeting options of creating bad person you can see over here we have targeted location as USA Essence has 35 to 55 language as English gender as male and female and targeting I am targeting C Level persons Like Chief Financial Officer and managing director and I'm targeting those who have interest on luxury goods iPhone luxury vehicles and their behavior is top 10 percent income frequent International traveler and people who prepare luxury goods in USA as my targeted location is is USA okay and placement is Facebook and Instagram okay so you can create web Persona using this uh formula actually this is not a formula this is the so yeah that's it for this video hopefully you have a clear understanding on what is bad personal how we can create better personal in different steps and in the last I have shown you how to create a personality okay so yeah hopefully you have liked our video if you like our video then you can subscribe our Channel follow our Pace you have a good day bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajakarShafiqurRahman [1 likes]: wow
  2. @writzdigitalsolutions2271 [1 likes]: gem content bro🥶

- Customer Persona vs. Target Audience: The Complete Guide (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, welcome back. Today we're diving into customer personas. By the end of this video, you'll understand what a customer persona is and how to create one to better target and engage your audience. Let's get started. A customer persona, also known as a buyer persona, is a semi-fictional representation of your ideal customer based on market research and real data about your existing customers. It helps you understand your customers needs, behaviors, and goals. Customer personas provide valuable insights that inform your marketing strategies, product development, and customer service efforts. They help ensure that all aspects of your business are aligned with your target audience's expectations. Demographics persona cover basic information such as age, gender, income level, education, and occupation. Example, meet Jane, a customer persona for a health food store. She is 35 years old, female, earns $70,000 a year, has a bachelor's degree, and works as a marketing manager. Psychoraphics delve into lifestyle, attitudes, interests, and values. Example: Jane values health and wellness, practices yoga, and is environmentally conscious. She prefers organic and sustainably sourced products. Behavior patterns include buying habits, brand loyalty, product usage rate, and preferred communication channels. Example, Jane shops for groceries online once a week, is loyal to brands that offer transparency about their sourcing, and prefers receiving information via email newsletters. Motivations and goals focus on what drives your persona's decisions and what they aim to achieve. Example: Jane's motivation is to maintain a healthy lifestyle while minimizing her environmental footprint. Her goal is to find highquality organic food options that align with her values. To create a detailed customer persona, collect data through surveys, interviews, and market research. Look for common characteristics and patterns among your customers. Develop a narrative that captures your persona's background, needs, and pain points. To illustrate, let's consider a gaming company. One persona could be Mark, a 28-year-old male software engineer who enjoys multiplayer strategy games. He values immersive gameplay and connects with friends through gaming. Mark's goal is to find engaging games that offer both challenge and social interaction. That's customer personas, a vital tool for understanding and connecting with your target audience. By developing detailed personas, you can tailor your strategies to meet your customers specific needs and preferences. Thanks for watching. I hope this video clarified customer personas for you. Drop any questions in the comments. Don't forget to like, share, and subscribe for more business insights. Stay customer ccentric and insightful.

- How to Increase Facebook Engagement in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en look it's no secret that facebook is the largest social media platform in the world but what isn't so clear is how to actually use facebook to increase your engagement so today i'm going to give you the seven facebook algorithm hacks to increase your engagement hey guys sherman here at life marketing a digital marketing agency that works on facebook campaigns all day long for small businesses i'm taking a break from work right now to give you the seven hacks to breaking the facebook algorithm to take your engagement to the next level and by the way you don't have to click some link in my bio for the full guide or buy my free course if you follow these instructions that i'm about to give you i promise you that you will see higher levels of engagement on your facebook page and if you stay to the end i'll give you a bonus hack alright so let's cut to the chase first of all what is facebook engagement facebook engagement is any action someone takes on your post so likes comments clicks shares video views and so on will count as engagement now here are the hacks to increasing your facebook engagement for your business by the way if you're new to our channel go ahead and subscribe so you don't miss out on future tips to help you grow your business all right hack number one boost your content i've got a question for you if a tree falls in a force and there's no way around to hear it does it make a sound i'll wait okay look i'm going to tell you what everyone else is afraid to tell you if you want to increase your engagement on facebook you are going to have to boost your post because here's the truth there's 2 billion people on facebook right now and everyone's competing for the same five seconds of attention on the news feed and on that news feed guess what facebook prioritizes posts with friends and family over business content which means even if you have followers on your facebook business page you're still not going to reach most of them and if you're starting from absolutely nothing meaning you have low followers and engagement chances are you're not going to get a lot of attention by just posting great content the reality is is that facebook is not hurting for content anymore instead it's the businesses that are hurting for attention but here's the good news number one you don't need to spend a whole lot of money boosting your posts we've boosted polls for clients for just five dollars that ended up performing extremely well in terms of engagement and followers and number two you actually increase your organic reach through increasing your engagement so if you boost your post and everyone loves it facebook is more likely to show your post to them again the next time you post not to mention that they may love it so much that they decide to share it with their friends and you get a viral spin on your content so go ahead and save yourself from low engagement by milking the facebook algorithm by boosting your post hack number two create engage worthy content do you want to know what's not engaging filling up your facebook page with posts that have absolutely nothing to do with your audience and everything to do with your we see this a lot with small businesses they create facebook pages and start posting about how cool their business is and then they realize it's still just their family and friends that are actually following them okay so that's the problem now here's the solution facebook prioritizes posts that spark conversations and meaningful interactions with people so you need to post content that pertains to the interests and goals of your audience if you want to engage them even if that does not directly promote your business because remember you're competing for attention on facebook first and foremost once you have attention on a consistent basis you can start promoting to your audience to monetize it but until then you need to post content that grabs people's attention you need a hook that piques people's interest you need a message that is authentic and relevant and you need eye-catching images or videos that make people want to stop scrolling and digest your content all right hack number three get people talking let me ask you something which drink do you prefer coke or pepsi here's another one how often do you cut your yard every two weeks or every month okay and what's your favorite social media platform facebook or instagram regardless of your answers to these questions my point here is that posts that get people talking will increase your engagement on facebook now notice that these questions are very easy to answer you can easily pick one of the two options that i have listed here this is much different than saying what are you going to drink today or what do you think these type of questions require more effort and thinking power on your audience's part which ultimately makes it much easier for them to scroll right past but by asking questions with simple answers or comparison questions in your content you increase your chances of increasing your facebook engagement the trick here is that you also want to be relevant to your audience and business as well so a hair salon might do a comparison photo of two different hairstyles and ask their audience which hairstyle is their favorite well a nutritionist might ask their audience if they prefer almonds or peanuts as a snack anyway the bottom line here is if you want to increase your facebook engagement you need to get people talking by the way guys since we're talking about if this is helpful to you at all please smash that like button for me below all right hack number four interact with your followers no one likes sending someone a text message and being left on red and likewise you don't want to leave the people who were engaging with your business on red you should interact with them your interactions and responses will contribute to your post overall engagement and it might also encourage further dialogue and discussion thus leading to more engagement on your facebook post so don't sit back and say oh cool i got five comments like you're a supermodel and everyone is just so flattered by you get in the game interact with the people who are engaging with your business and build authentic relationships with your audience hack number five avoid fishing for engagement facebook hates posts that ask for engagement like posts that start with comment below and share this simply because you want engagement on your post those tricks used to work really well like five years ago but is now frowned upon after the news feed exploded with these type of messages so don't hurt your reach by asking for engagement instead make your content so irresistible that it's hard for people not to hit that like button or engage with your content hack number six post more often how much engagement can you get if you don't post anything at all probably none right well the same thing applies to frequency you're likely to get more engagement from posting five times per week than you would if you post it just one time per week so make sure that you're posting frequently and consistently but also make sure you're not posting garbage if you're posting a bunch of bad content it could actually result in you losing followers and engagement so craft your content carefully and choose a schedule that allows you to do this as consistently as possible hack number seven post native content and keep people on facebook why would facebook show your post in the news feed if it takes people off facebook their entire business model is based on people spending as much time on their platform as possible with that said you're likely not going to increase your engagement by including links in every single post or promoting your youtube page for example it's already proven that native content performs best in the facebook algorithm native content is content that is created solely for the purpose of the platform it is consumed on so for example if you have video content you should upload your video directly into facebook and share it on facebook's platform doing this will get you far more engagement than simply sharing a link to youtube taking people off of facebook and sending them to their biggest competitor likewise instead of linking to an article in your post take the major takeaways of that article and split it up into a series of social media posts that can be digested on facebook instead of an external website doing this will keep people on facebook longer and also help you break through their algorithm to increase your engagement alright so here's a bonus hack use video i'm including video as a bonus hack because not everyone may have the means to create videos but if you do i highly recommend it like i said in my last hack facebook wants to keep people on their platform as long as possible the longer they can keep you on facebook the more ads they can share and the more money they can make and what better way to do that than with video videos perform better than any other type of media content on facebook in terms of engagement even if you use animated or stock video clips to supplement your posts chances are is that it still will outperform other content types in the algorithm as long as your video is engaging so in short use video as much as possible alright so those are my hacks to breaking through the facebook algorithm to increase your engagement now let's recap the seven hacks that i gave you those seven hacks were number one boost your content number two create engage worthy content number three get people talking number four interact with your followers number five avoid fishing for engagement number six post more often and lastly number seven post native content and then i gave you a bonus hack if you can use video as much as possible if this video helped you guys out at all please smash that like button for me below and if you want to see new videos to help your business grow then be sure to subscribe to our channel thanks everyone and i will talk to you soon oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta [2 likes]: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=fbalgorithmhacks&utm_campaign=jan82021
  2. @user-vm-fy [1 likes]: Watching now in 2026🎉❤
  3. @DocuDroid [1 likes]: This video is such a gem for anyone looking to boost their presence on Facebook in 2025! Social media algorithms and user interactions are constantly evolving, so getting updated insights is crucial. I wonder if the video explores the importance of new tools and features that Facebook might roll out in the coming years, like enhanced analytics or interactive content options. It’s always so fascinating to see how digital strategies adapt over time to maintain genuine engagement. Can't wait to see what tips are shared!
  4. @ghas369: Great video. Very informative. That may have worked back then when Facebook's algorithm was better. These days, the algorithm feels messy and unpredictable. I've done a lot of research on how Facebook works, and many businesses are spending more money on ads without getting the results they expected. It seems like something has changed with Meta. Maybe it's because social media isn't as effective as it used to be, or user behavior is shifting. Either way, I wouldn't waste too much time or energy on it. Focus on something that gives you a better return on your effort. Leave it alone! Nexxttt...
  5. @NjidekaMargret: Sharp nice one 👍
  6. @photosdeposits: Hello. Most of my Facebook reels are showing the wrong thumbnails/covers. Is Facebook, for some reason, proactively hiding the thumbnails of my reels? Can you help me understand why? I think the wrong thumbnails are costing me clicks, views, and engagements. I hope you can help me with this problem. Thanks!
  7. @winneribe05: Pls can I be using both page and profile at the same time for content
  8. @jahloveebun: Thanks bro
Pls i have a group on Facebook which is 1k members now but the members don't engage no matter what i post

Pls what should i do
  9. @Hair-style-e9u: Best video thank you so much
  10. @DaPokeTrap: Thanks
  11. @CradleTothegrave7: I get comments on every other platform but when it comes to Facebook and Instagram nothing
  12. @ThanksBlair: Omg your so awesome thank you for this, I needed this so bad
  13. @akosuaafriyie1334: Thank you 🙏🏼
  14. @Peaches-cm9yy: I don’t mind boosting . But I don’t like when my post says ‘sponsored’ 😮
  15. @p.k.mtradingandentertainment: This is rely good.well explained 🎉
  16. @INFINITESYKOSIS: 👍
  17. @kerimyouba6530: Good
  18. @alijenga: Very good information. Will try boosting method.
  19. @JohnWatson-r9e9m: amazing
  20. @RobertPeterson-r4c: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.

- How to create your Social Media Target Audience (Social Media Persona): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are going to build what is without a doubt the most powerful tool in your social media kit, your ideal follower. Now, this isn't just some vague marketing exercise. Nope. This is about creating a blueprint for making every single piece of content you create actually connect with someone. Let's dive in. You know the feeling, right? We've all been there. You pour your heart and soul into creating something you think is amazing. You hit that post button and crickets. It honestly feels like you're shouting into a void. But what if I told you the problem isn't your content? What if the problem is you don't know who you're talking to? Well, the solution is to stop guessing. Stop throwing content at the wall and hoping something sticks. Instead, we're going to build a precise blueprint of your single ideal follower. And look, this isn't about shutting people out. It's about creating a magnetic pole for the right people, the ones who are looking for exactly what you have to offer. So, what even is a social media persona? Think of it like your north star, your creative compass. It's a superdetailed kind of fictional profile that represents the absolute core of your target audience. From this point on, every decision you make, the captions you write, the hashtags you use, even the colors on your graphics will be guided by this one profile. You know, the best way to really wrap your head around this is to just do it. So, for the rest of this explainer, we're going to build a persona completely from scratch. So, let's get to know our ideal follower, a guy we're going to call Sustainable Sam. All right, let's get our hands dirty and start building this thing. We're going to walk through the foundational steps to construct this profile. And you'll see it's a really clear process that takes this vague idea of an audience and turns it into a powerful, actionable tool you can actually use. And here's our road map. It's just six simple steps. First, we'll give them a name. Then we'll nail down their demographics, list out their passions, and really get to know their pain points. After that, we figure out where they hang out online. And finally, we put it all together. Easy enough, right? Okay. First things first, we have to take this abstract idea of an audience and give it a name and some basic details. This is such a crucial psychological step. It literally transforms a faceless crowd into a single human being that you can have a real conversation with. So, for our example, meet Sam. He's 28 years old. He's male and he lives in a pretty eco-conscious city. And just like that, with those few details, Sam isn't just a data point anymore, is he? He's already starting to feel like a real person you could actually know. Next up, we get to the fun part. What does Sam actually love? What gets him excited to wake up in the morning? What kind of stuff does he actively search for online? Understanding his passions is absolutely the key to creating content that he's not just gonna scroll past, but that he'll genuinely enjoy and want to share. For Sam, that means he's all about eco-friendly living. He loves thrifting and upycling clothes. He's into vegan cooking, and he's big on hiking and community gardening. And boom, instantly you have a whole list of content ideas that you know will resonate with him. The guesswork's gone. Okay, so we know who Sam is and we know what he likes. Now, we've got to get a little more strategic. Let's figure out what really drives him, what his problems are, and just as important, where we can actually find him online. Now, this next one, this might just be the most important step of the entire process. Knowing your persona's pain points. What problems are they struggling with day-to-day? Because your content becomes truly deeply valuable the moment it starts offering solutions to their struggles. So, look at Sam's challenges here. He thinks sustainable products are too expensive. He's overwhelmed by confusing greenwashing ads. He's too busy for complicated recipes. And he feels a little lonely and wants a community. Every single one of these is a golden opportunity for you. You can make content about budget friendly eco tips or how to spot greenwashing or 5minute vegan meals. See, you're not just a creator anymore. You're a problem solver. This next step is all about working smarter, not harder. I mean, why would you waste hours making amazing Tik Toks if your ideal follower spends all their time scrolling through Pinterest? It just doesn't make sense. You have to meet your persona where they already are. In a little research makes this crystal clear. We can see Sam is on Instagram all the time. He uses Pinterest for inspiration now and then, and he barely ever logs into Facebook. So, where should you focus all your energy? The answer is staring you right in the face. Instagram is your number one priority with Pinterest as a solid number two. So, we've gathered all the pieces of the puzzle. We've got the demographics, the passions, the problems, and the platforms. Now, it is time for the big reveal where we combine every little detail into one cohesive, super powerful profile. The final step is just to bring everything we've learned into one single easy to read document. This becomes your cheat sheet, your guiding star. It's the one page you'll glance at every single time before you hit post. And here he is, Sustainable Sam in all his glory. We see his name, his passions, his problems, and his platforms all in one quick glance. But the crucial thing to realize is that this isn't just a summary. It's an entire content strategy laid out on a single card. This quote just nails it, doesn't it? It perfectly captures the whole mindset shift. When you try to make content for everyone, you usually end up connecting with no one. But when you create something specifically for Sam, you build this powerful bond that ends up attracting thousands of other people who are just like him. So please remember this isn't a oneanddone assignment you file away. From now on, before you post anything, just ask yourself, would Sam find this useful? Would this make him laugh? Does this help solve one of his problems? If the answer is a clear yes, then you are absolutely on the right track. Building this persona is the first half of the battle and it gives you this incredible clarity and focus. But the next step, well, that's up to you. Now that you know exactly who you're talking to, now that you have a direct line to your ideal follower, what are you going to say?

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sermons_Christian: Thank you
  2. @gambomaster: Thanks. 👍

- Những chính sách nổi bật có hiệu lực từ tháng 6/2026 | THDT: Kind: captions Language: en A number of notable policies came into effect in June, most notably the requirement for all gas stations to sell E10 gasoline and the possibility of SIM cards being blocked if facial recognition is not used when changing phones. According to Circular 50 issued by the Ministry of Industry and Trade, from June 1, 2026, unleaded gasoline will be blended into E10 bioethanol for nationwide use. This regulation aims to gradually reduce dependence on fossil fuels and lower foreign exchange costs for importing base gasoline. According to Circular No. 37, effective from June 8th, vehicle owners can choose to receive their vehicle registration results via the public service portal or postal service, or directly at the vehicle registration agency. Simultaneously, electronic data from vehicle registration certificates is integrated into the VNEID and VNI Traffic applications, both managed and operated by the Ministry of Public Security . Furthermore, Article 8 of Circular 08 stipulates that from June 15th, upon detecting a subscriber's activity involving a change in terminal equipment compared to the previously used equipment, telecommunications businesses must implement screening measures and may temporarily suspend outbound service for a maximum of 2 hours if the subscriber has not yet re-authenticated their facial biometric image. Authentication is performed by comparing a direct photograph of the subscriber's face with data in the database. [Music]

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- 6 B2B Marketing Strategies Replacing the Old Playbook in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I want you to think about the last time you&nbsp; personally researched a product. Did you fill&nbsp;&nbsp; out a form and wait for a sales rep? Or did you&nbsp; Google it and look at the AI overview or even&nbsp;&nbsp; just went straight to chat GPT or Claude, checked&nbsp; a few reviews and made up your mind before you&nbsp;&nbsp; ever talked to anyone? Because that is exactly&nbsp; what your buyers are doing in 2026. In fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; 94% of B2B buyers use AI tools like Chad GBT&nbsp; and Gemini to research and compare vendors.&nbsp;&nbsp; last year. Over half of B2B buyers actually&nbsp; prefer a rep-f free buying experience. They&nbsp;&nbsp; want to self-s serve. They are building short&nbsp; lists, forming opinions, and making decisions.&nbsp;&nbsp; And most of that happens before they ever talk&nbsp; to a sales team. But most B2B teams are still&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing the old way. They're gating their best&nbsp; content behind forums, doing cold outreach, and&nbsp;&nbsp; hoping someone books a call. A few years ago, that&nbsp; playbook worked, but the landscape has shifted,&nbsp;&nbsp; and there are a few key changes you need to make&nbsp; to your strategy to keep up. So today we're going&nbsp;&nbsp; to walk through the six shifts that separate the&nbsp; B2B teams that are growing right now from the ones&nbsp;&nbsp; that are falling behind. We'll go over what is&nbsp; working, what is dead, and where you need to be&nbsp;&nbsp; putting your energy right now. And it all starts&nbsp; with understanding who your buyer actually is in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2026 because if you get this wrong, nothing else&nbsp; we covered today will work. So let's get into it. 211 days. That's how long the average&nbsp; B2B deal takes from start to finish.&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly seven months. And it is not just one person&nbsp; making that decision. It is a team of six or seven&nbsp;&nbsp; people researching across dozens of different&nbsp; channels, your website, your competitors,&nbsp;&nbsp; review sites, AI tools before anyone ever picks up&nbsp; the phone. Millennials and Gen Z now make up the&nbsp;&nbsp; majority of B2B buying teams. These are people&nbsp; who grow up with Netflix, Uber, and one-click&nbsp;&nbsp; purchasing. They bring those same expectations to&nbsp; business buying. They don't want to sit through&nbsp;&nbsp; a sales call before they've even seen a pricing&nbsp; page. Your marketing has to do the selling. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; your website, your content, your visibility in&nbsp; search and AI, and your reputation in the market&nbsp;&nbsp; are what determine whether you even make the&nbsp; short list. And by the time sales gets involved,&nbsp;&nbsp; the customer has most likely already decided.&nbsp; Now, if you're looking at these data points and&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking, "My legion strategy was not built for&nbsp; this." Here's what I would do. Before you change&nbsp;&nbsp; anything about your channels or your content,&nbsp; make sure your lead generation foundation is&nbsp;&nbsp; actually solid. Because none of the shits we're&nbsp; about to cover will matter if your system is not&nbsp;&nbsp; set up to convert. I've linked a free guide below&nbsp; that covers how to build the right lead magnets,&nbsp;&nbsp; set up landing pages that actually work, score&nbsp; and nurture your leads so nothing falls through&nbsp;&nbsp; the cracks and use SEO to drive the right&nbsp; traffic into that system. Grab it now so you&nbsp;&nbsp; have the foundation locked in before we get&nbsp; into more of the shifts. So, how do you stay&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead of this? Three things. First, make your&nbsp; marketing self-s served. Your buyers want to&nbsp;&nbsp; research on their own. So, give them everything&nbsp; they need to do that. pricing on your website,&nbsp;&nbsp; product demos they can watch without booking a&nbsp; call, and comparison content that answers their&nbsp;&nbsp; questions before they have to ask. Second,&nbsp; think about the full seven month journey,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just the last conversation. If it takes 211&nbsp; days and 76 touch points, you need to be showing&nbsp;&nbsp; up consistently across that entire window, not&nbsp; just when someone raises their hand. And third,&nbsp;&nbsp; audit where you're actually visible right now. If&nbsp; a buyer is researching your category on Google,&nbsp;&nbsp; on Chad GBT, on review sites, are they finding&nbsp; you or are they only finding your competitors?&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the question everything else in this&nbsp; video is going to help you answer. That third&nbsp;&nbsp; step is about to become a lot more important&nbsp; because there is a completely new place your&nbsp;&nbsp; buyers are discovering brands, and most B2B&nbsp; teams have no idea they're invisible there. All right. So, when was the last time you Googled&nbsp; something and actually clicked on a result? Not&nbsp;&nbsp; scrolled through AI generating answers at the&nbsp; top. Not asked chat GBT instead. Actually clicked&nbsp;&nbsp; a blue link. If you had to think about it, that's&nbsp; what I want you to notice. Your buyers are doing&nbsp;&nbsp; the same thing. Nearly 60% of Google searches&nbsp; now end without a click. And this is the biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; shift in B2B visibility that most teams are still&nbsp; ignoring. So, if you've been noticing your traffic&nbsp;&nbsp; declining, this is where you need to focus. Here&nbsp; are the facts. When buyers do search Google,&nbsp;&nbsp; 72% of them are now seeing AI generated answers&nbsp; at the top of the page. But, and this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; most important part, 90% of those people click&nbsp; through to at least one source, the AI cited. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; AI is not killing clicks, it is redirecting them.&nbsp; And if you're not one of the sources being cited,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're not getting any of that traffic. So, the&nbsp; question becomes, how do you actually show up&nbsp;&nbsp; in these AI generated answers? This is what is&nbsp; called answer engine optimization or AEO. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; of it as the next evolution of SEO. And here&nbsp; are the four things you need to get right. One,&nbsp;&nbsp; structure your content so AI can pull&nbsp; from it. That means clear headings,&nbsp;&nbsp; direct answers to specific questions, FAQ&nbsp; sections, and concise summaries at the top&nbsp;&nbsp; of your pages. Make it easy for AI to find and&nbsp; quote your content. Two, be consistent about what&nbsp;&nbsp; your brand does. AI needs to understand exactly&nbsp; what you offer, who you serve, and what makes&nbsp;&nbsp; you different. If you describe your product&nbsp; five different ways on five different pages,&nbsp;&nbsp; AI gets confused about what you actually do.&nbsp; Three, and this is a big one, you need other&nbsp;&nbsp; people talking about you. Take a look at this.&nbsp; 95% of all citations come from sources the brand&nbsp;&nbsp; did not pay for. Press coverage and industry&nbsp; publications alone account for 82%. Reviews,&nbsp;&nbsp; press mentions, expert features, and being part of&nbsp; industry conversations matter more than ever. And&nbsp;&nbsp; four, be present where AI is actually pulling its&nbsp; information from. LinkedIn pros from your team,&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube videos with transcripts, Reddit threads&nbsp; in your space, and industry forums. These are the&nbsp;&nbsp; platform AI reads and references. Now, if you're&nbsp; watching this and thinking, I have no idea where&nbsp;&nbsp; my brand actually stands in AI answers right&nbsp; now. HubSpot just launched a tool for exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; this. It's called HubSpot AO. Let me show you&nbsp; how it works. You start by entering your brand&nbsp;&nbsp; name and domain. Then, it asks you to add any&nbsp; variations, different spellings, capitalizations,&nbsp;&nbsp; acronyms. So, it catches every mention across&nbsp; AI answers, not just exact matches. Next,&nbsp;&nbsp; it autogenerates a list of your competitors. For&nbsp; us, it pulled in Salesforce, Zoho, Pipe Drive,&nbsp;&nbsp; Active Campaign. You can add more or remove ones&nbsp; that don't apply. Then you select which product&nbsp;&nbsp; and which customer profile you want to track&nbsp; first and it generates the AI search prompts for&nbsp;&nbsp; you. These are actual questions your buyers are&nbsp; typing into ChatGBT or Gemini right now. And once&nbsp;&nbsp; that's set up, and it takes about 5 minutes, you&nbsp; land on the dashboard. And this is where it gets&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting. You get a brand visibility score.&nbsp; That's the percentage of prompts where AI actually&nbsp;&nbsp; mentions you. You can see it broken out by Chad&nbsp; GBT, Replexity, and Gemini. And you can see how it&nbsp;&nbsp; changes over time. And right next to it, you can&nbsp; see your competitors, who is getting mentioned,&nbsp;&nbsp; where they're showing up, and you're not. You&nbsp; can try this tool for free for 28 days. The&nbsp;&nbsp; link is below. Now, showing up in AI answers is&nbsp; one side of this, but there is a mistake almost&nbsp;&nbsp; every team is making with AI on the other side,&nbsp; and it is costing them more than they realize. Here's a stat that every marketer using AI right now&nbsp; should be paying attention to. 87% of marketers&nbsp;&nbsp; say AI made them more productive, but only 58%&nbsp; say their content actually got better. And one&nbsp;&nbsp; in eight say AI made their content worse. If&nbsp; you're using AI purely as a content machine,&nbsp;&nbsp; faster blog posts, more social captions,&nbsp; automated email sequences, volume, value,&nbsp;&nbsp; volume, this is the biggest mistake your team is&nbsp; making right now. The internet is flooded with AI&nbsp;&nbsp; generated content and buyers can tell. So, how do&nbsp; you stay ahead here? The teams that are winning&nbsp;&nbsp; are not the ones producing more. They're the ones&nbsp; producing better. Here's how. Use it for testing.&nbsp;&nbsp; Run your experiments faster and figure out what's&nbsp; working. Use it for repurposing. Take one strong&nbsp;&nbsp; piece of content and turn it into 10 different&nbsp; versions for different audiences. Use it for&nbsp;&nbsp; research. Track what your competitors are doing&nbsp; and spot the gaps. And use it for analysis. Turn&nbsp;&nbsp; your campaign data into clear takeaways in minutes&nbsp; instead of days. But keep humans on strategy,&nbsp;&nbsp; keep humans on brand voice, and keep humans&nbsp; on judgment calls about what to say and why.&nbsp;&nbsp; AI handles the speed, humans handle the&nbsp; thinking. Now, back in HubSpot's CEO tool,&nbsp;&nbsp; check this out. The dashboard shows you their&nbsp; share of voice so that you can see exactly which&nbsp;&nbsp; prompts they're getting mentioned on and you&nbsp; are not. So, instead of guessing what content&nbsp;&nbsp; to create, you're working from the same data AI&nbsp; is using to decide who to recommend. That is how&nbsp;&nbsp; AI helps you work smarter. But there's&nbsp; one thing it can't do. It can't create&nbsp;&nbsp; something original. And in 2026, that's the&nbsp; only type of content buyers actually trust. If you can generate a generic blog post&nbsp; about any topic in 10 seconds using AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; why would a buyer trust that same kind of content&nbsp; from your brand? They wouldn't. And that's exactly&nbsp;&nbsp; what is happening in B2B right now. A lot of&nbsp; brands are publishing what they call thought&nbsp;&nbsp; leadership that has no actual thought in it.&nbsp; generic takes on industry trends and articles&nbsp;&nbsp; that could have been written by anyone about&nbsp; anything that content is not cutting through in&nbsp;&nbsp; 2026. 84% of B2B buyers rely on recommendations&nbsp; from peers and reviews early in their decision&nbsp;&nbsp; process and 70% say the quality of your content&nbsp; directly influences whether they buy from you. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what actually works? Case studies with specific&nbsp; numbers, revenue gained, time saved, cost reduced,&nbsp;&nbsp; not vague claims about helping companies grow,&nbsp; real outcomes with real figures attached.&nbsp;&nbsp; original research and data that only you have. If&nbsp; your company has unique data from your customers,&nbsp;&nbsp; your platform, or your industry, publish it.&nbsp; AI can't replicate that. Those are insights&nbsp;&nbsp; only you can share. Comparison pages and how it&nbsp; works content. How your product differs from the&nbsp;&nbsp; alternatives. Common questions buyers have&nbsp; about switching and ROI calculators. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; the content that helps a group of decision makers&nbsp; actually say yes. Customer proof in every format.&nbsp;&nbsp; video testimonials, written case studies, and&nbsp; a strong presence on review platforms like G2,&nbsp;&nbsp; Capterara, and Trust Radius. Buyer checking&nbsp; these before they ever contact you, and content&nbsp;&nbsp; written by real people at your company, not&nbsp; anonymous brand posts. Real faces, real names,&nbsp;&nbsp; real expertise. That is what builds trust when&nbsp; anyone can generate convincing sounding text&nbsp;&nbsp; with AI. Here's a practical tip. The AO tool&nbsp; has a citations tab that shows you exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; AI is pulling from in your space. It breaks it&nbsp; down by content type and it even shows you the&nbsp;&nbsp; specific domains getting cited most often.&nbsp; For example, if comparison pages dominate&nbsp;&nbsp; the citations for your key prompts and you don't&nbsp; have one, now you know what to create first. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need proof, you need real data, and you need&nbsp; real people behind your content. But where do you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually build that kind of trust? Turns out&nbsp; the answer is older than any of us expected. For years, the marketing world told you everything&nbsp; was going digital. Webinars over conferences,&nbsp;&nbsp; virtual events over in person. But here's what&nbsp; actually happened. Buyers got tired of it and&nbsp;&nbsp; they started showing up in rooms again. 33% of&nbsp; B2B marketers plan to increase their investment&nbsp;&nbsp; in live events in 2026. Second highest area&nbsp; for increased spend right behind AI tools.&nbsp;&nbsp; And the reason is simple. Buyers trust&nbsp; rooms where they can talk to each other,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just listen to your pitch. HubSpot renamed its&nbsp; annual conference to Unbound this year. Thousands&nbsp;&nbsp; of go to market leaders in Boston for three days.&nbsp; But the sessions aren't the main draw. It's the&nbsp;&nbsp; networking formats between them. Curated meetups,&nbsp; one-on-one brain dates, and community exchanges.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's where relationships start and deals move&nbsp; from interested to serious. Peer communities,&nbsp;&nbsp; industry slack groups, review platform threads.&nbsp; Buyer decisions are shaped in those conversations.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you're not in them, you're invisible where&nbsp; it matters most. Now, here's the online version&nbsp;&nbsp; of the same idea. Think about the last five&nbsp; LinkedIn posts you actually stopped scrolling&nbsp;&nbsp; for. How many were from a company page? Now, how&nbsp; many were from a real person? Every algorithm&nbsp;&nbsp; agrees right now. People outperform brands.&nbsp; Organic reach from company pages is declining&nbsp;&nbsp; and posts from individual people get dramatically&nbsp; more engagement on the same content. So, how do&nbsp;&nbsp; you stay ahead here? First, treat every event as&nbsp; a content engine. Film every session. Pull quotes&nbsp;&nbsp; from attendees. Run a follow-up content series&nbsp; after each event. One event can generate months&nbsp;&nbsp; of content if you plan for it. Second, get into&nbsp; the conversations your buyers are already having.&nbsp;&nbsp; Peer communities, industry groups, review platform&nbsp; threads. If you are not in those conversations,&nbsp;&nbsp; you are invisible during the part of the&nbsp; buying process that matters most. And third,&nbsp;&nbsp; activate the experts inside your company. Give&nbsp; your engineers, your customer success team, your&nbsp;&nbsp; founders the resources and confidence to share&nbsp; their expertise online in their own voice. And I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; not talking about corporate messaging here. Real&nbsp; perspective from real people. This builds trust,&nbsp;&nbsp; extends your reach, and makes your company a&nbsp; more attractive place to work. Three wins from&nbsp;&nbsp; one investment. And here's something most people&nbsp; don't realize. Those community conversations,&nbsp;&nbsp; event recaps, and LinkedIn posts from your team.&nbsp; They show up as sources AI pulls from. The AEO&nbsp;&nbsp; tool breaks down your citations by channel, earn&nbsp; media, pure content, user generated content,&nbsp;&nbsp; your own website, so you can actually see whether&nbsp; your community and advocacy work is showing up&nbsp;&nbsp; in AI answers or not. If pure content is driving&nbsp; citations in your space and you have zero presence&nbsp;&nbsp; there, that is your gap. So events, community,&nbsp; employee voices, all these are powerful,&nbsp;&nbsp; but there's a catch. Every single one of those&nbsp; channels can disappear tomorrow if someone else&nbsp;&nbsp; controls the platform. And that brings us to&nbsp; the shift that ties everything together. Imagine you spent two years building an audience on&nbsp; a social platform. Thousands of followers,&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent engagement, steady leads. Then one&nbsp; morning the algorithm changes and your reach&nbsp;&nbsp; drops 70% overnight. That's not a hypothetical.&nbsp; That has happened to thousands of businesses and&nbsp;&nbsp; it's going to keep happening. A social platform&nbsp; can change its algorithm tomorrow and wipe out&nbsp;&nbsp; the reach you built. An ad platform can shift&nbsp; its policies and overhaul your entire strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; overnight. You don't own those channels, you're&nbsp; renting them. And that's why 30% of B2B marketers&nbsp;&nbsp; plan to increase investment and channels they&nbsp; do own in 2026. Your email list, your CRM,&nbsp;&nbsp; your website, and your content library matter&nbsp; more than any single social or ad platform. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; how do you stay ahead? Build the channels you&nbsp; actually control. A newsletter that brings&nbsp;&nbsp; people back regularly. A content library that&nbsp; gives people a reason to return. in a community&nbsp;&nbsp; where your audience connects with each other and&nbsp; with you. Then pay attention to behavior. Not&nbsp;&nbsp; just who someone is on paper, but what they're&nbsp; actually doing, who visited your pricing page,&nbsp;&nbsp; who opened three emails in a row, who watched your&nbsp; product demo all the way through. That behavior&nbsp;&nbsp; tells you who is ready to buy. And make video the&nbsp; backbone of how you show up across all of these&nbsp;&nbsp; channels. Short form video on LinkedIn and YouTube&nbsp; is how people first discover you, Brad. Product&nbsp;&nbsp; demos and walkthroughs are replacing the live&nbsp; sales calls for buyers who want to learn on their&nbsp;&nbsp; own. Customer testimonial videos carry more weight&nbsp; than anything written and personalized video&nbsp;&nbsp; outreach to specific companies is dramatically&nbsp; outperforming generic email sequences. If your&nbsp;&nbsp; team is still treating video as an optional extra&nbsp; or something you produce once a quarter, that&nbsp;&nbsp; needs to change. Video works at every stage of the&nbsp; buying process. And one more thing, the AEO tool&nbsp;&nbsp; does not just show you the gaps. Click over to the&nbsp; recommendations tab and it gives you a prioritized&nbsp;&nbsp; list of specific content to create and why it&nbsp; matters. So instead of guessing what's published&nbsp;&nbsp; next on your own channels, you have a datab plan.&nbsp; And if you're rethinking your lead genen strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; after this, remember that the guide link below&nbsp; is the place to start. It covers how to build the&nbsp;&nbsp; actual conversion system, your landing pages, your&nbsp; forms, your lead scoring, your nurture sequences,&nbsp;&nbsp; because getting visibility is one half of this&nbsp; process. Turning that visibility into leads is the&nbsp;&nbsp; other. Look, the B2B playbook has changed, and the&nbsp; teams that keep running the old version are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to keep losing deals to buyers who already made&nbsp; up their minds before the first sales call. Here's&nbsp;&nbsp; what it comes down to. Your buyers are researching&nbsp; without you. AI is deciding who gets recommended,&nbsp;&nbsp; and generic content is not cutting through&nbsp; anymore. The teams that are winning right now&nbsp;&nbsp; are the ones showing up where buyers actually&nbsp; look, creating content only they can create,&nbsp;&nbsp; and building channels they actually own. My name's&nbsp; Carl and if this video helped you see where your&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing might be breaking down, hit like to&nbsp; let me know and make sure to subscribe to HubSpot&nbsp;&nbsp; Marketing if you want more on B2B marketing&nbsp; strategy and AI tools. See you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Build the lead generation engine that connects every campaign to real revenue: 🔗https://clickhubspot.com/r8n5
  2. @Roxy-n1u4i [1 likes]: Cool video! Thanks so much for insights. Can’t wait to try AEO soft and lead gen guide!
  3. @603Unscripted: This is so all so true..our team is waist deep in upgrading from 100% paper to digital to identify p&l. While I, a millennial, prefer talking to another person, we are a very small nonprofit and need to optimize our resources efficiently to prevent burn out.

- The Impact of AI on Digital Marketing: Revolutionizing Strategies in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back to our [music] channel. Today we're diving into a hot topic. The impact of artificial intelligence on digital marketing. From chat bots enhancing customer service to predictive analytics shaping our campaigns, AI is changing the game. Ready to discover how? Let's jump in. So, what exactly is AI in marketing? At its core, artificial intelligence refers to systems that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence. In the marketing sphere, this can mean anything from understanding consumer behavior to automating repetitive tasks. Let's look at how these technologies are being applied. One of the most visible applications of AI and marketing is through chat bots. These are AI programs designed to simulate conversations with users. They're available 24/7, providing instant responses to customer inquiries. The benefits of chat bots are numerous. They significantly improve customer service, ensuring that users receive timely assistance. Chat bots can quickly resolve queries, reducing weight times and enhancing user satisfaction. Additionally, they facilitate data collection that provides businesses with better insights into consumer behavior and preferences. This means businesses can maintain a personal touch without the constant human oversight. Recent studies show that companies using chat bots often report higher customer satisfaction. However, there are drawbacks to consider. Chat bots may struggle with complex queries or nuances in language leading to frustrating customer experiences. Although they deliver immediate responses, they often lack the empathy and personalization that humans provide. If not configured correctly, chat bots can misinterpret user intent, resulting in irrelevant or incorrect answers. Balancing automation with human interaction is crucial to avoid these pitfalls. Next up is predictive analytics. This AI powered tool analyzes data from various sources to predict future trends. By examining past consumer behavior, businesses can tailor their marketing strategies more effectively. Practical applications include identifying which products are likely to sell well, segmenting customers based on behavior, and optimizing ad spending by targeting the right audience. The result, more effective campaigns, improved ROI, and happier customers. Yet, predictive analytics isn't without its disadvantages. Predictive accuracy relies heavily on the quality of the data used. Poor data can lead to faulty predictions which can adversely affect decisions. Businesses may become overly reliant on predictive models, potentially stifling creativity and intuition in marketing strategies. Collecting and analyzing personal data raises ethical and legal concerns, particularly regarding consumer consent and data protection. Implementing predictive analytic systems can be expensive and complex, necessitating skilled personnel and resources. Awareness of these challenges is essential for leveraging predictive analytics effectively. Personalization is another major area where AI shines. Companies are using AI algorithms to analyze individual preferences and behaviors to offer personalized content. Think about it. You're scrolling through your favorite e-commerce site and suddenly it suggests items tailored just for you. Studies have also shown that personalized emails have a higher open rate. This not only drives engagement but also fosters customer loyalty. Other examples include streaming services like Netflix that analyze your viewing history to recommend movies and shows that align with your interests. Similarly, online retailers like Amazon utilize past purchase data and browsing history to suggest products you're likely to buy next. However, there are some downsides to consider. Personalization often requires collecting significant amounts of data. Raising concerns about privacy and consumer consent. Too much data profiling can feel invasive. There's a risk of overpersonalizing where users feel restricted to only seeing options that align with their past preferences, potentially discouraging exploration. Personalization can inadvertently lead to disparities in customer experiences where certain segments receive more tailored offers than others based on data availability. Continuously updating algorithms and systems to keep personalization relevant can be expensive and resource inensive. Being mindful of these challenges helps companies balance between effective personalization and respecting consumer privacy. Looking ahead, the implications of AI and digital marketing are vast with advancements like natural language processing and machine learning. We're moving toward even smarter marketing tools. Imagine AI that can craft entire ad campaigns or optimize them in real time based on performance metrics. However, this also raises important questions about data privacy. As companies collect more data to fuel these AI tools, transparency and ethical considerations must take center stage. In conclusion, the impact of AI on digital marketing is transforming how we engage, serve, and understand our customers. Chat bots, predictive analytics, and personalized marketing are just the beginning. The future holds exciting possibilities, but staying ethical and transparent will be key. If you found this video insightful, don't forget to like, subscribe, and share your thoughts in the comments below. How do you see AI impacting your marketing strategies? We want to hear from you. Thanks for watching and see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nealdaniel8800 [1 likes]: Great presentation

- AD #3 - Quality Debate 2012 - Bella's Office Furniture: Kind: captions Language: en we're live at the Bellas office furniture debate we've all purchased office furniture that falls apart when you move it fellas office how do you avoid this hassle we only sell commercial grade office furniture we stand behind all of our products including our used products this is our competitors assembly tool and this is ours box store how do you defend these allegations the vote is in go to bella's for commercial brief furniture I'm Isabelle Montgomery I approve this message

  Top Comments:
  1. @lisamontgomery295: dont forget to wear sunscreen from mommy
  2. @lisamontgomery295: izzy is 2 hot  kiss

- Is there ANY debate at all that its "All about the Image"? Whatever works is best: Kind: captions Language: en okay uh what about lenses you know I'm pretty sure photography is about the image correct me if I'm wrong isn't photography about the image isn't photography about the image is it about the technology uh it depends on what branch of uh photography we're talking about here we're talking about reproduction work or technical photography yes if we're talking about tracking squirrels on crack squirrels on crack tracker really pretty fast you need like some serious autofocus tracking and acquisition gear especially a fast lens but autofocus tracking is not merely lens side it's also camera side and the inverse is also true people think some well it's a fast lens like no the lens is only fast the camera drives it but there's also the limitations of how fast it can be driven you know you could have like an old Volkswagen you could floor the sucker it's going to go ultimately that fast so that would be like lens side um engine side I'd be the camera how fast it's able to acquire phase detect or contrast detect and drive the landens so that that's technology you know however it is the case now that we've reached this Milestone with like the Nikon d500 the Fuji xt2 now we have the ability of tracking squirrels on crack or fast human beings or cars rounding the corner you know you still got to have some damn skills right right right so now that we've reached that milestone you see humans aren't going to really get any faster till we get bionic implants right you know all the stuff that's really fast like a hundred years ago is all the same that's fast today so now that we've reached the ability to track squirrels on crack with our camera gear okay we don't have to worry about it anymore right we don't have to worry about now you just need to develop the skills to be able to use it properly um a lot of people think that uh you know there's some sort of contradiction in recommending an old manual focus lens manual Focus lenses help you slow down think about what it is you're doing I'm pretty sure if you're doing portraiture you tell someone sit the hell down you know stand over there do this they're following your instructions because it's portraiture course there different types of portraiture there's can you know got little Rugrats on crack or eating candy bars you know they won't sit still so that's something different I'm talking about true portraiture you know the buildings don't move the landscape doesn't move so pretty sure manual focus lenses are as valid now as they ever were were yes a lot of people out there are lazy douches and they they're afraid of manual uh Focus lenses you know that's not my problem that's they you know nothing ventured nothing gained get a manual focus lens use it you you'll probably find out you end up liking it a lot a lot of people end up doing that um when don't you see Matthew Stern's website below he's the guy that actually even builds some of his own lenses U with a 3D printer and he talks about all I do the same thing he does that's why I he's a French dude see Matthew Stern's website below I've got the link below for him um see some of his stuff using some of these uh antique lens he uses some freaky lenses that are used even for nighttime uh uh tactical uh infrared vision it's got swirly Bokus some serious vignetting so what if it's got vignetting he crops out I mean anything and everything is valid in photography if you have to smear some cat crap or some baby poo on the front of your lens to get the special effect that you want then that's valid I'm pretty sure that all these measure baiting morons out there on the photography forums and they they are they're brain dead measure baers we had divide the megapixels toad you know shut the hell up this is photography you know shut the hell up with that you know it's good to know that stuff I mean photography have science and once you know the science then you need to forget it and then concentrate on the art form right right that would be the real thing to say I mean photography writing with light you know there's a lot of Science in there knowing the Optics where to stand know about lens compression know about lighting lighting ratios that's the science end of it but you only learn that stuff so you're able to stick it in the back of your brain and concentrate on what the hell it is you're doing that's the real nature of it so I would never recommend like an old slow lens for you know Sports Action or Wildlife right I wouldn't I recommend the best value when people ask me what's the best length it's like I don't know what's your budget what do you have what is it you plan on shooting you know it have to make logical intelligent recommendations so what's the best lens for a landscape I still can't answer that I need more information what's your budget what camera do you have you know what else you going to need you know you just can't blurt out information like that otherwise you're not being helpful to anybody um so modern technology obviously is imperative for Sports Action and Wildlife and I'm all behind Superior modern lenses and cameras I still have old digital cameras that are just as valid as they ever were D3 d700 by the way a 20 X3 prints a 20 X3 print you know obviously the D3 d700 don't give you the ability to crop that much because they're 12 megapixel cameras but if you take a landscape shot or a portrait shot and you frame it properly and you're not cropping camera's as valid now as it was you know uh eight nine years ago what old technology who gives a I'm using lenses some lenses are 60 plus years old check out Matthew Stern's website in the link below I mean he's using crazy ass stuff that wasn't even designed for uh photography originally like infrared stuff for tactical uh night vision um takes the lens apart sticks it in a tube anything is valid anything and everything is valid photographies and art form I mean you can imagine some of these measure baiting in the art world look at looking at a jack and poic painting that shit's invalid you know there's nothing there it's like yeah that's worth millions of dollars so shut the hell up and pedal your ass down the road I mean these measure baiters are hilarious they talk about modern lenses like that's you know if it's not new and it's not modern and it's no good where the hell did these morons come from well let's roll it back to like the 193s and 40s some of the prints that are made with really really inferior lenses they're grainy they're fuzzy you you know some of those prints are worth upwards of hundreds of thousands of dollars in some cases million of Dollar Plus you know those those are images made with really really really inferior old Optics your images aren't worth no one wants to buy your images I mean people aren't even up voting them on flicker but you're going to about like inferior uh inferior lenses you know from the 1930s and that's inferior you know nobody uses that crap anymore I'm pretty sure it's about the image you know you you demented crazy fool you these are the people that hang out on these photography for it's all about the modern crap is it I'm pretty freaking damn sure it's about the damn image the hell is wrong with you people not you people those idiots these people are crotch crickets they're toilet bugs they're knuckle dragging pseudo intellectual mental midgets they stepped in a time machine from the days of the caveman and they want not too smart not too smart where technology is imperative I give a recommendation where it is imperative you know hey I recommend this slow old manual focus lens for Shooting Sports Action wildli have I ever done that no no never have where Creative Images are impaired of portraiture and street I'm behind whatever lens makes the image that is best desired either by me or by you the lenses that uh some of the favorite lenses that get so much positive feedback on high recommendation of may like the AO lender 58 mm that lens is a manual focus lens it's really cheap it's insanely wellmade it's way underpriced way underpriced extremely high fee well that lens is no good you know it's manual focus that's an old design too it's actually based on an older lens design the real are two people out there we actually more than two people there's the measure baiting idiots and then there's the actual photographers um I could give you a story about the big best example of a measure bating idiot and everybody believes what this person says I mean they just hang on every word this person says and I kid you not I don't mean this in exaggeration the worst images I've ever seen in my life absolutely the most abysmal horrific horrible I mean I've seen most snapshots I've seen by Advanced amateurs are better I mean snapshots from a point and shootter even a disposable camera and this is the the work this person is fronting and this person is like King of the measure baters King of the measure baters could not take a decent picture not from any indication of any of the images cannot take a decent image to save their life I mean you look at that like man this is a perfect example of a hardcore measure biter it's about the image don't give me crap about inferior Optics want inferior photographers it's about lighting too damn it lighting you can take that I've got a lot of Zeiss lenses too okay about 20 Zeiss lenses you take that expensive Dam ice lens to stick it on your expensive damn camera and take a shot and realize it looks like muddy crabs expensive lensing camera I don't understand you know it doesn't make any sense it's because you got no lighting you don't see lighting you're supposed to be able to see light know where to place things you're supposed to understand lighting ratios you're supposed to understand specular diffuse and midtone and shadows you're supposed to understand that stuff only the image matters not how you got it I mean if you had to like uh stick on a spandex thong and stick a uh blueberry pie on your head uh with a uh some gold tassels hanging out of your butt on the the corner of downtown to get the proper picture fine who cares it's like that's what it takes to get it then then do it it's about the image this crap talk about inferior and old lenses is BS it's rancid BS I'm pretty sure that everything is not only about lighting but lighting control so about that expensive lens it's about lighting girlfriend lighting I really pissed about one thing too I say this humorously I've had some people say so you use the word girlfriend that's sexist really when I use the word girlfriend I'm being humorous that's not being sexist anybody out there stupid enough to think me once in a while going a girlfriend is sexist are you crazy I mean you are you that like starved for ways to insult me that you think that me using the word girlfriend that's meant to be humorous hyp HBO has nothing to do with sexism that's crazy talk now that's that's some stuff that actually burns my butt up you know me using the word girlfriend of sexist yeah sure it is yeah it's like a microaggression right yeah it's really a microaggression against women no it's not where do these people come from I think they're found in potato patches you know people dig them up they got their heads buried in the dirt anyway thanks for watching and remember it's all about the image all right a great lens is a great lens I don't care if it's 60 years old or six months old all these people that tell you otherwise are morons thanks by

  Top Comments:
  1. @andrewbutton5580 [5 likes]: The morons you refer too, you wonder where they come from ? Marketing departments, magazine editors and shills. Hard to push new tech on on people content with their current products they own. Discontentment is a powerful market tool. Telling the sheep buyer what they have is crap from last year must work to some degree or we all be shooting with M3s. There was a time when products used to be sold on the premise of being an investment of life time, but the ethos has changed. We now live around a bunch superficial mush brained group of consumers who are suckers and never even lived in an era of quality products so they know no difference.
  2. @MrStephen205 [3 likes]: Its me again! ive really appreciated your advice with lenses. after having purchased my first dslr i didn't even open the kit lens, it was sold straight away on ebay. instead i bought 3 manual prime lenses that you have recommended in previous videos. i already know that this is the way to go in my future amateur photography career. If i had stayed with the kit lens or even a better automatic focus one i would have taken so much longer to learn the fundamentals of photography. Cheers bud
  3. @KingGameReview [2 likes]: I've been shooting weird, old lenses since I started because they're cheaper.  Then I found out first hand they're also better a lot of the time.
  4. @omeshsingh8592 [2 likes]: I agree that it is all about the image. I wouldn't denigrate anyone for not having likes on facebook or flickr. Think of the example of Van Gogh who only sold one painting in his entire life. Popular recognition (e.g. validation on social media) is no measure of the value of an image.
  5. @alexandergomes3317 [2 likes]: tracking squirrels on crack. ...amazing one liner!
  6. @digitaldiva4285 [2 likes]: Agree totally. It's the same with original paintings and art.
  7. @adamwhittingham86 [2 likes]: Love the vids! Honesty is king.  Talking of honesty...Can you shed any light on the fuji xt20?  Is it really coming on Jan 19th? Any spec details.  I'vd been waiting for it,  it's killing me...
  8. @angelmeyers1455 [1 likes]: While common sense is trying to make a comeback.....the degree of stupidity reaches an all time high!
  9. @Lulzorz125 [1 likes]: This is a good video to see from you! I used to watch your vids and look down at my Sony a7 and be like ;(. If Ansel Adams used an a7 would this guy shit on him? Now I see you're just talking about objective superiority to push these companies to give us better quality gear! Only reason I bought it was to adapt a bunch of crazy Leica glass anyway, so I guess it evens out! As consumers, sometimes we buy objectively worse products to fit our subjective wants and need, especially photographers.
  10. @brettoberry6795 [1 likes]: "Rugrats on crack!" Almost spit coffee on my keyboard.
  11. @Lizurdbrain [1 likes]: Gotta say I had 0 interest in manual focus lenses before your channel. Two voigtlanders later and now I only use my auto focus lenses when I do event work.
  12. @geraldprix3277: SJWs don't get hyperbole... they don't know what that is, as a humour too. Ideologists have really sad lives...
  13. @hampuseriksson7356: Is there any good and cheap manual lenses for astrolandscapes on a d750. No special budget just wonder because you mentioned we should try manual lenses.
  14. @shineymcshine: time for Mac to step up their display game.. check out this new Dell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IjpqQwhAVE4
  15. @dunnymonster: The sharpest images I've ever taken were done manually focusing. Whilst auto focus is excellent these days the lens doesn't know exactly what I want in focus. Manually focusing is precise, I don't have to concern myself over focusing points ( or how many there are for that matter.) I tend to use live view when manually focusing and zoom in to get my focus spot on. Even focus peaking isn't particularly accurate in my opinion. Don't get me wrong auto focus is a great feature and I certainly wouldn't consider manual focus for fast moving subjects but I'd guess around half my images taken were focused manually.
  16. @pegnas: The gold tassels the icing on the cake
  17. @brauh01: Need to add link to Matthieu stern
  18. @matthewrolls4697: you never answered my question about the 70-200 tamron vc and non vc. sharpness and quality that's all I want to know how much better is the vc? barely or significantly obviously a non vc for 400 is better bang for the buck but I'm just curious

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @DieWithSpirituality: Toilet water?
  3. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  4. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  5. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  6. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  7. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  8. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  9. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  10. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  11. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  12. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  13. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  14. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  15. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  16. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  17. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  18. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  19. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  20. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.

- Why Does Body Image Matter? | Westminster Hall Debate | Dr Luke Evans MP: Kind: captions Language: en i'd like to open with the description about an advert put out about a year ago by dove it's called reverse selfie starts with a young girl looking at her phone on that phone there's a picture of her she may be late teens early twenties it starts to scroll backwards she sees the comments underneath suddenly disappearing of all the lights going away and you look amazing disappearing suddenly the filter changes her hair colour changes the size of her face her nose the blemishes on her skin will suddenly reappear actually it goes further she puts the phone down and lies backwards and there's a picture of her family that she's scrubbed out off the back of the wall and her favorite team band furthermore the image shows her makeup coming off her lipstick coming off and finally what's left in front of us is a girl no older than 13 or 14. the advert then finishes with the pressure of social media is hurting our girls self-esteem it goes further work from the mental health foundation found that 85 percent of under-18s thought the appearance would be was either very important or important but that led on to one in five adults and one in three teenagers feeling actual shame about the way they felt now the women inequalities report said that some of the triggers were social media stereotypes and of course conventional media that's just some of the survey coming back and it gives you a flavor of what people are feeling like in this country but why does this actually matter well let's take the worst case scenario i've seen as a clinician in my clinics men more and more men but also women coming in who are concerned about their body image and at worst suffer with eating disorders and we know there are 1.25 million people who suffer with anorexia or bulimia but on the male side we know that there are 1 million people particularly men who are using steroids to bulk up to try and get that stereotypical big shoulders or tight abs and this was brought home with the evidence when ukad the uk anti-doping saw my campaign about body image and came to me saying how much of a problem it's causing them because they're finding people are using aesthetically enhancing drugs and turning up playing on the rugby field for example and then being banned from the sport we know when it comes to eating disorders there's been a 50 increase in people accessing the services since 2016 to 2017. so we're seeing the worst extremes but the thin end of the wedge combine those factors with what we've just talked about the way the nation is feeling and there's an obvious concern and it matters because i don't believe social media companies are doing enough many have filters many have educational content in there and many have ways of trying to filter out some of the problems they're facing but fundamentally we need to go further because the problem is getting worse and it's young people who bear the brunt of this now other countries have started to make strides in this direction most noticeably israel france and even more recently norway have said they will look at labeling digitally altered images so there is a precedent not only here but across the western world to make a difference what we're creating is a warp sense of reality that drives young people to believe that they can be something that they can never achieve i'm all for aspiration and improving your aesthetics i'm a gp by trade and healthy promotional sports exercise and taking care of your body is welcome but not at the cost if you can never achieve your goal

- How our friendship survives our opposing politics | Caitlin Quattromani and Lauran Arledge: Kind: captions Language: en Caitlin Quattromani: The election of 2016 felt different. Political conversations with our family and friends uncovered a level of polarization that many of us had not previously experienced. People who we always thought were reasonable and intelligent seemed like strangers. We said to ourselves, "How could you think that? I thought you were smart." Lauran Arledge: Caitlin and I met in the summer of 2011, and we bonded around being working moms and trying to keep our very energetic boys busy. And we soon found out we had almost everything in common. From our love of Colorado to our love of sushi, there wasn't much we didn't agree on. We also discovered that we share a deep love of this country and feel a responsibility to be politically active. But no one's perfect -- (Laughter) and I soon found out two disappointing things about Caitlin. First, she hates camping. CQ: I think camping is the worst. LA: So there would not be any joint camping trips in our future. The second thing is that she's politically active all right -- as a conservative. CQ: I may hate camping, but I love politics. I listen to conservative talk radio just about every day, and I've volunteered for a few different conservative political campaigns. LA: And I'd say I'm a little to the left, like all the way to the left. I've always been interested in politics. I was a political science major, and I worked as a community organizer and on a congressional campaign. CQ: So as Lauran and I were getting to know each other, it was right in the middle of that 2012 presidential campaign, and most of our early political conversations were really just based in jokes and pranks. So as an example, I would change Lauran's computer screen saver to a picture of Mitt Romney, or she would put an Obama campaign magnet on the back of my car. LA: Car, not minivan. CQ: But over time, those conversations grew more serious and really became a core of our friendship. And somewhere along the line, we decided we didn't want to have any topic be off limits for discussion, even if those topics pushed us way outside of our friendship comfort zone. LA: And so to most of us, are a zero-sum game. There's a winner and there's a loser. We go for the attack and we spot a weakness in someone's argument. And here's the important part: we tend to take every comment or opinion that's expressed as a personal affront to our own values and beliefs. But what if changed the way we think about these conversations? What if, in these heated moments, we chose dialogue over debate? When we engage in dialogue, we flip the script. We replace our ego and our desire to win with curiosity, empathy and a desire to learn. Instead of coming from a place of judgment, we are genuinely interested in the other person's experiences, their values and their concerns. CQ: You make it sound so simple, Lauran. But getting to that place of true dialogue is hard, especially when we're talking about politics. It is so easy to get emotionally fired up about issues that we're passionate about, and we can let our ego get in the way of truly hearing the other person's perspective. And in this crazy political climate we're in right now, unfortunately, we're seeing an extreme result of those heated political conversations, to the point where people are willing to walk away from their relationships. In fact, Rasmussen released a poll earlier this year that said 40 percent of people reported that the 2016 election negatively impacted a personal relationship, and the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience tells us that people tend to feel their way to their beliefs rather than using reasoning, and that when reason and emotion collide, it's emotion that invariably wins. So no wonder it's hard to talk about these issues. LA: And look, we're just two regular friends who happen to think very differently about politics and the role that government should play in our lives. And I know we were all taught not to talk about politics because it's not polite, but we need to be able to talk about it, because it's important to us and it's a part of who we are. CQ: We have chosen to avoid political debate and instead engage in dialogue in order to maintain what we fondly call our bipartisan friendship. LA: And this election and all of the craziness that has followed has given us several opportunities to practice this skill. Let's start with January and the Women's March. At this point, you can probably guess which one of us participated. CQ: Oh, the Women's March. I was annoyed and irritated that entire day, really because of two things. Number one, the name "Women's March." As a conservative woman, the march's platform of issues didn't represent me, and that's OK, but hearing it talked about as this demonstration of sisterhood and solidarity for all women didn't ring true for me. The other piece was the timing of the event, the fact that it was the day after the presidential inauguration. It felt like we weren't even giving the new administration to actually do anything, good or bad, before people felt the need to demonstrate against it. LA: And under normal circumstances, I would agree with Caitlin. I think an administration does deserve the benefit of the doubt. But in this case, I was marching to show my concern that a man with such a poor track record with women and other groups had been elected as president. I had to be part of the collective voice that wanted to send a clear message to the new president that we did not accept or condone his behavior or rhetoric during the election. CQ: So I'm already feeling kind of aggravated, and then I see this Facebook from Lauran pop up in my social media feed. Seeing Lauran's sons at the march and holding signs took it to a new level for me, and not in a good way, because I know these boys, I love these boys, and I didn't feel they were old enough to understand what the march stood for. I didn't understand why Lauran would choose to have them participate in that way, and I assumed it wasn't a choice that the boys made for themselves. But I also know Lauran. You're an incredible mom who would never exploit your boys in any way, so I had to stop and check myself. I had a decision to make. I could take the easy way out and just choose not to say anything to her, and instead just kind of simmer in my frustration, or I could ask her to learn more about her motivations. LA: And I shared with Caitlin that we actually started talking about the March weeks before we participated. And my boys were curious as to why the event was being organized, and this led to some very interesting family conversations. We talked about how in this country, we have the right and the privilege to demonstrate against something we don't agree with, and my husband shared with them why he thought it was so important that men joined the Women's March. But the most significant reason we marched as a family is that it was a way for us to honor my parents' legacy. They spent their careers working to defend the rights of some of our most vulnerable citizens, and they passed these values down to me and my brother, and we want to do the same with our sons. CQ: After talking to Lauran, I really understood not only why she felt it was so important to march, but why she had her boys with her. And frankly, my assumptions were wrong. It was the boys who wanted to march after they talked about the issues as a family. But what's most important about this example is to think about the alternative. Had Lauran and I not talked about it, I would have been annoyed with her, and it could have resulted in an undercurrent of disrespect in our friendship. But by asking Lauran questions, it allowed us to use dialogue to get to a place of true understanding. Now, to be clear, our conversation didn't really change my mind about how I felt about the March, but it absolutely changed my thinking around why she brought her boys with her. And for both of us, that dialogue allowed us to understand each other's perspective about the Women's March even though we disagreed. LA: The second topic that challenged our ability to engage in dialogue was around my need to understand how Caitlin could vote for Trump. Caitlin is a successful professional woman who is deeply caring and compassionate, and the Caitlin I know would never excuse any man from talking about women the way that Trump did during the campaign. It was hard for me to reconcile these two things in my mind. How could you overlook the things that were said? CQ: So I'm guessing I may not be the only one here that thought we didn't have the best choices for the presidential election last year. The Republican candidate who I did support didn't make it out of the primary, so when it came time to vote, And you're right, there were some terrible things that came out during the Trump campaign, so much so that I almost decided to just abstain rather than voting for president, something I had never even considered doing before. But ultimately, I did vote for Donald Trump, and for me it was really a vote for party over person, especially recognizing how important that presidential pick is on influencing our judicial branch. But I shared with Lauran it was a decision I really wrestled with, and not one that I made lightly. LA: And so after our conversation, I was struck by a few things. First, I had fallen victim to my own confirmation bias. Because of my strong feelings about Trump, I had given all Trump voters the same attributes, and none of them forgiving. But knowing Caitlin, I started to ask questions. What were Trump voters really concerned about? Under all the divisive language, what was really going on? What could we learn about ourselves and our country from this unlikely event? I also learned that we shared a deep disappointment in this election, and that we have growing concerns about our two-party political system. But the most important thing about this conversation is that it happened at all. Without an open and honest dialogue between the two of us, this election would have been the elephant in the room for the next four years, pun intended. CQ: So, look -- (Applause) So, look -- we know it takes work to get past the difficult, frustrating and sometimes emotional parts of having discussions about issues like the Women's March or why your friend may have voted for a candidate that you can't stand. But we need to have these conversations. Our ability to move past political debate into true dialogue is a critical skill we should all be focused on right now, especially with the people that we care about the most. LA: And it's not just as adults that we need to bottle this behavior. It's critical that we do it for our children as well. My sons were inundated with this election. We were listening to the news in the morning, and they were having conversations with their friends at school. I was concerned that they were picking up so much polarizing misinformation, and they were growing really fearful of a Trump presidency. Then one day, after the election, I was taking my sons to school, and my younger son, completely out of the blue, said, "Mom, we don't know anybody who voted for Trump, right?" And I paused and I took a deep breath. "Yes, we do." "The Quattromanis." And his response was so great. He kind of got this confused look on his face, and he said ... "But we love them." And I answered, "Yes, we do." And then he said, "Why would they vote for him?" And I remember stopping and thinking that it was really important how I answered this question. Somehow, I had to honor our own family values and show respect for our friends. So I finally said, "They think that's the right direction for this country." And before I had even gotten the whole sentence out, he had moved on to the soccer game he was going to play at recess. CQ: So life with boys. So what Lauran and I have discovered through our bipartisan friendship is the possibility that lives in dialogue. We have chosen to be genuinely curious about each other's ideas and perspectives and to be willing to listen to one another even when we disagree. And by putting aside our ego and our preconceived ideas, we've opened ourselves up to limitless learning. And perhaps most importantly for our relationship, we have made the commitment to each other that our friendship is way more important than either of us being right or winning a conversation about politics. So today, we're asking you to have a conversation. Talk to someone outside of your political party who might challenge your thinking. Make an effort to engage with someone with whom you might typically avoid a political conversation. But remember, the goal isn't to win, the goal is to listen and to understand and to be open to learning something new. LA: So let's go back to election night. As the polls were closing and it became clear that Trump was going to be our new president, I was devastated. I was sad, I was confused, and I'll be honest -- I was angry. And then just before midnight, I received this text message from Caitlin. [I know this is a hard night for you guys. We are thinking of you. Love you.] And where there so easy could have been weeks or months of awkwardness and unspoken hostility, there was this -- an offering of empathy rooted in friendship. And I knew, in that moment, that we would make it through this. CQ: So we must find a way to engage in meaningful conversations that are going to move us forward as a nation, and we can no longer wait for our elected officials to elevate our national discourse. LA: The challenges ahead are going to require all of us to participate in a deeper and more meaningful way ... and it starts with each one of us building connection through dialogue -- in our relationships, our communities and as a country. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @samantharose21117 [11 likes]: Wow. It must be so much easier to have this kind of relationship when you're not the one being attacked and don't particularly care about the ones who are.
  2. @nelsonsanabria3130 [5 likes]: This talk should be viewed by all companies and organizations around the world.
  3. @Enemywithin777 [4 likes]: I’d love to hear a 2025 update
  4. @TCGill [4 likes]: The problem is... what I seem to see is gas-lighting and alternative truths—completely off-the-rails facts.
I can deal with a debate... and at worst...  then agree to disagree. But when values don't align with complete "Fox News" style facts, what is one to do other than suck it up ... or walk away.
I'm glad these two wonderful ladies found a way.
I'm still struggling with this personally.
Especially now that man is in power and creating such a mess of everything he touches.
  5. @JMeFui [3 likes]: This is awesome… it’s  so hard to talk about it. Conservatism is one thing. Accepting and voting for a twice impeached/convicted felon/false prophet/charity thieve/undisciplined bully /wife cheater/world laughing stock/dictator wannabe (among many other things) takes the discussion to another level.
  6. @shelly2585 [3 likes]: I personally just do not want to associate with someone who like Trump. I think it's embarrassing.
  7. @KiAhNaLyNn [2 likes]: Let's have this conversation again, I'm DESPERATE to know what they think now.
  8. @chrisgatewood3161 [2 likes]: This is the most bullshit Ted talk I’ve ever seen. Two privileged white women who elections don’t affect. What a waste of time.
  9. @suet4510 [2 likes]: I’m wondering in 2024 if the friendship is still surviving.
  10. @paulEmotionalaudio [1 likes]: This is great although I wonder how this survives in the current US political climate.
  11. @chrisgatewood3161 [1 likes]: Somebody actually greenlit this bullshit Ted talk.
  12. @susanhogan439 [1 likes]: It takes both people to be mature enough and to cooperate to discuss the differences with the end goal of maintaining the friendship.  Unfortunately, 2 of my closest gf’s whom I’ve known 20 & 30 years cut me off and went no contact because of who I voted for . They refused to keep the friendship after I had said we can agree to disagree to save and continue our bond . I have been utterly devastated and feel extremely betrayed.  I don’t understand how they could so abruptly and coldly do this . I have no choice but to find a way to cope with this . There is no where to go from here other than seek people out that are on the same page as me but it’s not the same and never will be .😢
  13. @Fuck_whoever_took_my_name [1 likes]: Update: They are not friends anymore
  14. @MelindaAugustina [1 likes]: Very interesting.  It's important to be able to engage with differing opinions.  I'm very curious about their follow-up conversation in the now - Summer 2022.  Would be even more interesting to hear if there were any conservative regrets.  I know some conservatives who, over time,  regretted their vote and the state of their party. Which is why I tend to stay away from party affiliations; so much gets swept under the rug of party affiliations.
  15. @Direx232: a PSYop
  16. @juliegintowt-dziewatowski6815: Beautiful. I really needed to see this video. It empowers me to move forward with my friends that I suddenly felt so isolated from…
  17. @MarthaElisabeth-w5n: so lovely !
  18. @Brendan.Day76: I used to be a lefty
  19. @Brendan.Day76: I don’t know any radicals
  20. @draconariusking8328: Gross

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @TheGuineaPigClub21: Good content!
  3. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  4. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  5. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  6. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  7. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  8. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  9. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  10. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  11. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  13. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  14. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  16. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  17. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  18. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  19. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  20. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,

- Onimusha: Way of the Sword - Demo Trailer: Kind: captions Language: en [Moaning] Ugh.

  Top Comments:
  1. @supersai-raptor5167 [4 likes]: YES!! THANK YOU CAPCOM!  I’ve been WAITING FOR THIS!!
  2. @JuninGTR7 [2 likes]: When is Dino Crisis coming? 🦖🦕
  3. @anthonycirami8500 [2 likes]: Loved the Demo
  4. @LucarioSTH [2 likes]: A free demo? Why thank you!
  5. @boss83733 [1 likes]: I'm really enjoying the demo. This is a certain buy for me, as I love the series since the PS2. I'd appreciate if we could get control vibration during attacks, not just during defense, as this makes the combat experience more immersive, in my opinion. Can't wait for the release date.
  6. @nman551 [1 likes]: YAY A DEMO
  7. @RayTheSnivy [1 likes]: It's gonna come to switch 2 isn't it?
  8. @michaelmyersplays4992 [1 likes]: The demo was amazing
  9. @MissMostakim-c6y1v [1 likes]: You're teasing us with a combat sword game are you Capcom? You know what we want.
  10. @NeoZiggy92 [1 likes]: WELP, gonna try this out!
  11. @Chic1 [1 likes]: You're teasing us with a combat sword game are you Capcom? You know what we want
  12. @Jackiepancakes: Yeahhhh!!!!
  13. @soggypeas-e7c: 💕😬💕😬
  14. @MarionBenson-d4x: Nice 👍 and i like avatar arcade street fighter 6
  15. @LinoNascimento-cq7lf: street fighter 6 dlc characters rebecca cyberpunk
  16. @3rdPartySausage: at the end of the day we're all sloppy jones
  17. @2551987ezio: Can't September come quick enough!

My most anticipated game of this year!
  18. @ShinilosNeves: ⚔️
  19. @impactina: Super excited ❤

But please make it for Nintendo Switch2 💛

- The Simple Habit for a Happier Social Life | Nicholas Epley | TED: Kind: captions Language: en There's a fundamental paradox right at the core of human life. On the one hand, decades of research have shown that we are highly social creatures who are made happier and healthier by reaching out and connecting with other people in the moments, the days, the weeks, the months and the years of our lives. And yet, on the other hand, just look around a little bit. It's not clear that all of us have gotten this memo. Every day there are opportunities, big and small, to reach out and connect with other people that we choose not to take. We avoid talking to strangers. We lean back and type to each other rather than leaning in and talking to each other. Once talking, we stick to shallow talk, to small talk, rather than going deeper. We feel grateful but don’t express it. [We] want to reach out to offer support to someone in need but hold back. We’d like to be open and honest in our relationships, but all too often keep our true selves to ourselves. If being socially connected is so darn good for us, then why do we so often seem to be so darn unsocial? This paradox hit me like a freight train one morning while I was on an actual train, commuting into my office at the University of Chicago, where I work as a professor of behavioral science. That morning on the train began like every other I'd been on for years beforehand -- all filing onto the train, everybody in a desperate search for their own little acreage of solitude right along the window. I think we'd have sat outside the train if that was possible. (Laughter) Heaven forbid you’d sit next to somebody and start a chitchat -- of course, you creep. Or worse yet, somebody would come and sit down next to you -- surely some kind of weirdo. But then there we all were. Highly social creatures, made happier and healthier by connecting with other people, now sitting hip-to-hip with another perfectly reasonable human being. And what did we do for the next 30 to 45 minutes with each other? We chose to ignore each other. You could have heard a pin drop that morning. That morning, a woman, who was about 15 to 20 years older than I was at the time, sat down next to me, dressed professionally for work and wearing just this fabulous, killer, stylish red hat. I'm never going to forget this red hat. I put other people in experiments for a living, but this morning I decided to put myself in an experiment and pay close attention to what happened. Instead of keeping to myself and doomscrolling on my phone or checking my email, I'd try to have a conversation with her, try to help us get to know each other a little bit. Turn this 30-minute dull ride into something a little more interesting. Turn a stranger into a momentary acquaintance. The second I had that thought about that experiment, my brain started screaming at me all the reasons why this was a really, really bad idea. "Clearly, she doesn't want to talk to you, otherwise she'd already be talking to you. She's going to think you're some kind of creep. You probably don't even have anything in common with her, and you’ve got nothing to even start with, smarty pants.” Nevertheless, I decided the experiment must continue, so I ignored that part of my brain. I turned to her and I said, "Hi, my name is Nick. I love your hat. I have one just like it." Yeah, huh? Now look, I know that’s not going to make its way into the conversation-starter Hall of Fame, but it didn't seem to matter. She turned to me, a big smile, her face all lit up -- she looked like a different person. And from there, the conversation just flowed really easily. [We] found things that we had in common, we talked about our families, our work, our hope for the future. 30-minute train ride just went like that. I was done, and I got up to leave, and she stopped me and she said, "Thank you so much for taking the time to talk with me this morning." I've forgotten a lot of details about how that conversation actually went, but I've never forgotten how that conversation made me feel. Not just good, but surprisingly good. The contrast between my beliefs about how that would go and how it actually went was pretty sizable. And there ... in that gap was a potential resolution to this paradox. Social connection, after all, isn't something that just happens to us. It's a choice we make. It's a choice we make at times to reach out and approach other people, to engage with them, or to hold back and avoid them. It might, in fact, arguably be the choice we make, the most important choice we make, because how we make that choice over and over and over again in our lives so routinely determines so much about our happiness, our health and our success in life. But highly social creatures like us might avoid reaching out and engaging with other people mistakenly if we underestimate just how positively our attempts to connect might turn out. That morning changed both my career and my character. In my career, my wonderful collaborators and I have now conducted well over 100 experiments with over 30,000 people of all ages and nationalities, and found that my tendency to be overly pessimistic is not unique to me. It's something we see over and over again in varying shades and magnitudes across different contexts that vary a little bit across people -- but that consistent signal is there. In one of our very first experiments, we went back to a train station on the line that I ride into work every day, and we recruited a group of commuters, and we asked them to predict how they would feel on the train that morning if they kept to themselves in solitude, or if they turned to the person who sat next to them that morning and tried to have a conversation, tried to connect. The results here were crystal clear: people thought talking to a stranger was a really bad idea. They thought they would have a more pleasant experience that left them feeling happier than if they turned to the stranger to connect with them on the train. But when we recruited another sample of people and actually randomly assigned them in an experiment to either keep to themselves in solitude or to try to connect with a person sitting next to them -- rather than just imagine it, to actually do it -- we found exactly the opposite results. The people we had instructed randomly to keep to themselves that morning reported having a less pleasant and happy commute than those we asked to connect with the person sitting next to them. People’s beliefs about social interaction here weren’t just wrong -- they were precisely backward. But notice that if you believe that talking with a stranger would suck, you wouldn't try it, and then you'd never find out that you might be wrong about that. Pessimistic beliefs in that way are self-fulfilling. This little experiment was just the tip of a very large iceberg that came into view for us in many ensuing years. We've now seen this tendency over and over and over again. We’ve now had more than 4,500 people not just have conversations with a stranger, but to have deep conversations with a stranger and talk about things like, "Can you tell me what you're most grateful for in your life?" Or "Can you tell me about one of the last times you cried in front of another person?" So when I show people these questions in these experiments, I can feel a sense of dread spreading over the room when I put these questions up on the board, people start eyeing the exits -- wishing they hadn't come to this session today. But then when I actually put them into the experiments, in the conversation, the trouble I have is getting them to come back. These conversations go much better than people expect that they will. This is also true when we have people who disagree about the most divisive political issues that divide us today talk about those political disagreements -- even those political disagreements, go better than people expect them to. We find in our research that we have tremendous power to create meaningful social connection every day of our lives. But if we underestimate how positively our efforts to reach out and connect with someone will go, we won't use that power that we have. We see this tendency for misplaced pessimism also showing up beyond conversation. When we ask people to think of a compliment they could give to their friend and then actually deliver that compliment to their friend, they leave their friend feeling more uplifted than the complimenters imagined they would. When we ask people to express their gratitude to someone they love, they leave their recipients feeling even better than the expressers predict they would. Performing random acts of kindness, reaching out and asking for help, expressing support to someone in need, being open and honest in our relationships all tend to be received, on average, more favorably, more positively by the people we're reaching out to than the people who are reaching out expected to. How much more time would you spend reaching out to lift somebody up if you knew just how much good in that moment you could actually do? No research I've ever been involved with has changed the way I live my life more than this. My train rides are almost never silent anymore. I met amazing people on planes and in cabs. Even just walking around town is more pleasant for me, whether I’m on campus or [at] work or in a grocery store, because I’ve made a habit of walking around with my head up smiling and saying hello to other people, and I get, in return, a lot more smiles and hellos when I'm walking around. When I feel grateful, I write a note and send it off. When I need help, I’m less reluctant to ask for it. When I know someone needs some support, I’m not as embarrassed to reach out and offer it -- even if there's nothing I can do in that moment. It's made me a more open, friendlier person and as a result, changed all of my relationships. I've turned countless strangers into friends or into acquaintances at least -- even if just for a moment. My friendships are better. I think my marriage is stronger. I think I'm a better father. These changes didn't happen to me overnight. They happened, of course, slowly, over time. Just like you move a mountain -- not by pushing it all at once, but one shovelful at a time. The way you change how you approach other people happens slowly, over time. One choice after another. One small choice, as you learn where your mistaken beliefs about other people might be holding you back needlessly. And then you develop habits that then become part of your character and part of who you are. Overcoming my misplaced pessimism, though, has also affected how I've made some big choices that I have been a part of in my life, including when pain struck my family. So 10 years ago, my wife Jen was three months into her pregnancy when we learned that our daughter, who we had already named Sophie, had Down syndrome. And three months after that, we learned that our daughter had died before she could be born. Losing our daughter was horrible. It was absolutely horrible. And we mourned that loss for many months, until one morning Jen and I were talking and she asked whether we could, whether we should, whether we might consider adopting a child with Down syndrome. And there it was, the choice. Do you reach out and connect with someone? Do you engage with them, do you approach, or do you hold back and avoid it? Jen and I had already adopted two children into our family, and so we had some sense of how this might go. Nevertheless, this choice caught me off guard. I wasn't there at that moment. My mind wasn't there yet. And so I had all the pessimistic fears that you might have when you think about connecting or having a deep conversation with someone, except multiplied by 100 or 1,000. How well would this go? Would we be able to handle this? Would we be able to connect, to love, to parent the stranger we were bringing into our lives with all of these challenges that seemed to me at the time very hard and difficult. How would this child respond to us? My first thought was, I don't think we can do this. I'm not sure I can do this. But my second thought then started turning to my data, as researchers will tell you, can happen. And I started thinking about thousands and thousands of data points, of people underestimating the joys they would experience when they reach out to engage with, to connect with, to pull someone else close to them. And it gave me data-driven courage that, yeah, we can do this together. I happened to marry a superhero, too. We can do this together. And it won't just be good. I bet it'll be surprisingly good. And so about a year after that, Jen and I boarded a flight to China with our four other children, where we were going to meet Lindsey, two years old, born to a woman we will never meet, with big dark eyes and just a relentless smile, despite a really, really hard start in her life. We reached out to Lindsey and Lindsey reached back to us. She's been bringing love and smiles like that into our lives for years since. Now I want to be clear, raising a child with an intellectual disability is hard. It's really hard. Lindsey is not just one handful. She is both arms completely full. But she's also enriched and blessed our lives so far beyond what my pessimistic expectations beforehand ever possibly could have imagined. Connecting with other people is one of the most consistently enjoyable, enlightening and enriching experiences we'll ever have. And yet, all too often, our choice to reach out and connect with somebody is thwarted by overly pessimistic fears about how other people might respond. Being overly pessimistic doesn't mean we should reach out all the time, or that it always turns out well; of course not. It means we tend to underestimate the likelihood that it will turn out well, and as a result, we tend to hold ourselves back a little too often. I've found in my life and in my research that testing some of those beliefs that hold us back can reveal places where we're making mistakes about other people and show us how to reach out, empower us to reach out a little bit more often than we might otherwise, to make both our own lives and those we reach out to a little bit better. You want to change your life for the better? I suggest keeping some data-driven courage in mind. And when in doubt, reach out. Thank you so much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @GreatGreenGaming [22 likes]: I was on the train yesterday and heard the most wonderful conversation between strangers. A group of us passengers were crammed into the space between carriages, all the seats taken. The first hour of the journey was silent, everyone keeping to themselves. But from the silence a younger girl with a quivering voice beckons an old man for advice. “well thats a tough one” he says, before going on to talk how the little choices we make can drastically change our lives. The girl opens up a bit more about her situation, being in love with someone she couldn’t be with. And then another man, maybe in his 30s is invited into the conversation, and I wont forget looking up and seeing the girl look this stranger in the eyes and ask “what do you think? can you fall in love more than once?” and what followed was a real heart to heart between 3 strangers, each at different stages in life, each from different ethnic backgrounds if that matters and it was such a beautiful thing to witness. What could have been lost had they closed themselves off.
  2. @awasall3806 [1 likes]: Tired of extraverts. Not everyone is like you or should be like you please understand that.
  3. @awasall3806 [1 likes]: Another exyravert bullying everybody to be like him
  4. @rayr5853: I've done this, it has sucked. and when strangers talk to me it sucks, because i understand them and they dont understand me. people like talking to me. I get their compulsions and impetus they don't see mine.
  5. @AngyPangy0o: As a hairstylist, im perfectly happy to speak to strangers all day long, also happily quiet outside of work 😊
  6. @davidebadini7866: When is the last time I cried you ask? Right now brother 🥲
  7. @OHM-786-one: I used to be a "backroom" techie, and lived in my own exclusive bubble .. until, at age 30, I started to climb out of my bubble, and have never looked back. I habitually talk with strangers now, wherever I happen to be, and in particular, with children. Sure, some people do not appreciate the "intrusion", but I have an 80/20 rule in all aspects of my life; and I am content with 80% that respond positively. It has totally enriched my life. I am 71 now.
  8. @KevonLindenberg: I miss reaching out to strangers all the time. I had a habit of it for a long time but having kids pulled me back into a more cautious social habit. It's time to reach out. Thank you for your words of encouragement.
  9. @WordsofArtC: Wow what beautiful courage and humanity!
  10. @Mysteryman-d1y: This guy's never been to Scandinavia. When Americans come here, we think they are overly chatty. We do more or less everything in making sure we don't have to talk or be near anyone.
  11. @montgomeryscot6623: I'm happy with a polite good morning,  or even a short exchange over the amusing thing we just saw in the coffee queue.   But dont have the energy or interest for anything deeper.    And dont get me started on huggers who insist that there's no auch thing as a non-hugger
  12. @shael177: the part of earth I inhabit, people would think I've lost my marbles for doing that
  13. @JordyL-j9i: I've been approached by too many people in the street wanting to sell me smthg or just ask for money to believe the next person just wants to talk or needs help with directions. It happens, but so rarely.
  14. @kevinkreator5: You also have to like people.  
Then there are mental health issues that prevent people connecting.  
It’s not always so simple as this is made out to be. 
But the message is good!
  15. @melusine826: 2:25 yeah because its not safe to talk to guys, most of them are not like you
  16. @onehappykamper: These last five or six years I've been surrounded by seemingly antisocial people, but every time I start small talk... they are absolutely agreeable to chatting with me. it's very strange...
  17. @grahamrobins7411: Imagine if your job is a Call Center agent and you take 450 phone calls per day - all you do is talk. All day.
And the train ride is your ONLY time that you don't have to talk.  It's your quiet time. It's the time to yourself.
And some dude wants to chat with you and won't leave you alone...
  18. @Ravenousyouth: i think people get social benefit from being together in physical space even if they do not talk . sitting in silence is a thing
  19. @kmturley1: Perhaps why people rely on alcohol to remove their inhibitions to start social connections
  20. @ahawks81: I just don’t want to. I don’t want to know how your day is going. I don’t want to talk about your hobbies, or mine. I’m tired.

- 【4K】2026 Action Hit: Navy SEALs Launch Insane Deep-Sea Assault Against Terrorists on Massive Oil Rig: Kind: captions Language: ko Frog-0, 하층 갑판. Frog-1, 상층 갑판. 함장님, 패키지는 델타 플랫폼 북쪽에 있습니다. Frog-1, 통제 센터로 이동 중. 수신 확인. Frog-0, 수색 및 격리 진행 중. 이봐! 움직 이지 마! 엎드려 ! 바닥에! 엎드려! 엎드려 ! 지금 당장 ! 갑판, 네 뒤쪽에 있어. 뒤로 물러서! 엎드려! 엎드려! 패키지 발견. 모든 호스트를 3층 갑판으로 집결시켜. 모함에 즉시 연결해. 데이터 전송 준비. 패키지 연결 중... 전진 기지에 연락해. 지금 전송 중입니다. 함장님, S - 47 해역 에 도착했습니다 . 수신기는 15해리 이내에 있습니다. 옌산에 연락해. 예, 함장님. 통신병, 옌산에 연락해. 여기는 01입니다. 선란 3에서 온 암호화된 메시지를 가로챘습니다 . 수신기가 공해상에 있는 것으로 추정됩니다. , 즉시 조사해 . 단계 전투 태세 ! 긱들, 진행 상황? 40%, 함장님. 점점 가까워지고 있어. 집결지로 복귀. 자오룽에게 플랫폼 승선 준비를 알리세요. 모두 주목하세요. 유정 관통 위험을 피하기 위해 저관통탄으로 교체하세요. 사격 전에 주변 환경을 반드시 확인하세요. 중장 갑. 시간 이 없어, 얘들아. 4번 유정에서 무장 괴한 8명이 발견됐습니다 . 그중 3명은 중간 갑판에 있습니다. 플랫폼 작업자로 추정되는 인질을 잡고 있습니다. 상부 갑판에는 5개의 목표물이 있습니다. 나머지 유정은 안전합니다. 뤄, 높은 지대로 엄폐해. 나머지는 나와 함께. 2번 유정을 엄폐물로 사용해. 우리의 목표는 4번 유정입니다 . 알겠습니다 . 진행 하세요 쉬, 딩, 상부 갑판으로 가. 나머지는 나를 따라와. 내가 인질들을 구출할 때까지 기다렸다가 사격해. 오른쪽에 목표물 2개. 함장님 , 왼쪽에 목표물 2개가 발견됐습니다 갑판 남쪽 에 목표물 개 . 우현 딩 ! 괜찮아? 모두 훌륭해! 연결을 끊어! 프로그-2, 목표물이 오른쪽 측면으로 이동! 탈출! 대피! 루오! 대피 준비 중이야! 움직여! 가! 통, 인질들을 구출해! 알겠어! 루오, 목표물이 네 쪽으로 이동하고 있어. 움직여 제발 프로그-4 함장님, 위치가 어디입니까? 3층 북쪽입니다. 지금 후퇴! 전초기지를 확보해, 다시 돌아가겠어. 함장님! 방위각 320도입니다. 소음 신호가 감지되었습니다. 소나로 계속 청취해. 항해사, 목표물 위치를 표시해. 소나 신호가 감지되었습니다. 5엽 프로펠러, 회전 속도 243. 분석 결과 소형 수송선으로 확인되었습니다. 05 보고, 지금 능동 소나 발사! 여기서 나가자! 지금 당장! 수송선 발견. 전자기 교란 장치 가동 . 목표물이 기동을 멈췄습니다. 접근하고 있습니다. 목표물의 방위를 보고하십시오. 목표물 방위 330. 어뢰 발사음이 감지되었습니다 . (1.5해리). 적 잠수함이 있습니다. 전투 태세! 예, 알겠습니다! 전투 태세! 어뢰가 수송선을 목표로 하고 있습니다. 수송선이 피격되었습니다! 전방 , 항로 048로 설정하십시오. 어뢰 발사 위치 로 이동하여 목표 잠수함을 찾으십시오 1, 2번, 유선 유도 어뢰! 대응 무기 준비. 소나 청취를 강화하고 전투 대기하십시오! 예, 알겠습니다! 수심 270m. 소음 신호가 감지되었습니다! 방위 080. 속도를 6노트로 줄이십시오. 항로 080으로 설정 소나 , 목표물 분류. 시스템 이 목표 잠수함의 음향 신호 데이터를 분석 중입니다 . 목표물의 음향 신호 데이터가 정확합니다. 적의 방위각 030, 속도 10노트. 함장님, 신중하게 발사하십시오. 두 번째 어뢰 발사를 허용할 수 없습니다. 사격 통제 솔루션을 작성하십시오. 목표물의 길이는 150m입니다. 어뢰 심도는 300m 로 설정하십시오 속도는 36 노트 입니다 . 우리 쪽으로! 발사관 1번 준비 완료! 발사관 1번. 발사! 기만 장치 준비! 예, 함장님! 기만 장치 준비 중입니다! 적 어뢰 방위각 073! 150초 후 접촉! 기만 장치 준비 완료! 발사! 전방 3m, 기포 하강 13도, 비상 탈출을 위해 330m 까지 잠수 . 목표물, 60초 후 접촉. 목표물이 잠수 중입니다. 40초 후 접촉. 목표물의 신호가 사라졌습니다. 목표물이 수온약층 그림자 영역에 진입했습니다. 함장님, 사라 졌습니다. 항로 050, 기포 하강 10도. 400m 잠수. 투하 플레 게톤 해역의 수문학적 요인. 수문학적 요인 데이터 측정이 완료되었습니다. 해수 온도는 10도입니다. 해수 밀도는 1.0372입니다. 해류 방향은 200도, 속도는 1.2노트입니다. 수 문학적 의 해역 조건은 안정적 입니다 수온약층을 벗어났습니다. 소나, 상태 보고? 400m. 2번 발사관 발사 준비 완료 . 2번 발사관 준비 완료. 소나에서 탐지된 것이 있습니까? 주변 소음이 너무 많습니다. 목표물 발견! 방위각 061. 2번 발사관, 발사! 어뢰 발사. 목표물 탐지, 50초 후 접촉. 두 개의 잡음 신호가 나타났다. 목표물 1, 방위각 058. 목표물 2, 방위각 065. 자율 추진식 기만기다! 함장님, 30초 후 접촉. 어느 것을 공격해야 하지? 차오, 대답해! 목표물 1 공격! 금속이 부딪히는 소리는 감지되지 않았다. 발사관 3, 준비! 함장님, 기만기는 명중했지만, 그 적기는 아직 우리 뒤를 쫓고 있다. 통신병, 기지에 연락해, "분노"를 발동시켜라. 기포 하강 10도, 1400피트까지 잠수. 알겠습니다. 음속 기울기가 급격하게 변하고 있다. 대략적인 방위각 118도, 해저에서 강한 잡음이 감지되었다. 수류가 급격하게 변하고 있다. 해류는 약 20케이블(2해리) 떨어져 있다. 60초 후 우리에게 도달할 것이다 . 함미 하강 5도, 10도, 160m까지 상승. 해류를 피하라. 알겠습니다! 돌아가지 마! 현재 각도를 유지해. 12도 유지! 010 방향에 해저산이 있습니다! 충돌에 대비해 ! 꽉 잡아! ( 해양학 박람회) 뒤쪽 에 있는 사람들 , 앞으로 나와! 가운데 로 와 ! 우리 함장 중에 당신 학교 출신이 있습니다. 또 시커만 국가입니다. 그들은 용병을 고용해서 우리 해역과 기지에 침입했고, 목격자까지 제거했습니다. 샨란 3호는 군용 도청 잠수정을 회수했습니다. 그들은 우리 잠수함의 음향 신호 데이터와 항적을 훔쳤습니다 이건 정말 말도 안 되는 일 란샤는 어떻게 대응했습니까? 그들도 어뢰를 발사했지만, 어느 쪽도 목표물을 맞추지 못했습니다. 적군은 플레게톤 해역으로 도망쳤고, 란샤는 계속 추격했습니다. 그러다 화산 폭발을 만나 해저산에 충돌했습니다. 란샤의 상황은 어떻습니까? 선체 상태는 아직 알 수 없습니다. 승무원 중 경미한 부상을 입은 사람들이 있는데, 복귀 중입니다. 폭발만 없었더라면 쉽게 제압했을 텐데. 이봐, 너 허풍쟁이 같으니. 누가 허풍을 잘 떠? 지금 당장 널 제압해 버리겠어. 딩. 예, 알겠습니다. 이쪽입니다. 두고 봐! 괜찮냐고 물었을 때 뭐라고 대답했지 ? 완전 멋져 아니! 똑같은 태도로 다시 대답해 봐! 완전 멋져! 네가 멋있다고 생각하는 거야 ? 준비. 시작. 친. 너만 합격할 줄 알았는데. 너랑 맞먹을 줄은 몰랐네. 정말 빨리 끝냈어. 0.43초. 이 기록은 영원히 유지되지 않을 거야. 다음 종목은 근접전이야. 규칙은 세 번 찔 리거나 원 밖으로 나가면 지는 거야. 제가 함장님을 선택해도 될까요? 선택할 수 없어. 알았어, 문제없어. 첫 번째 찌르기! 두 번째 찌르기! 아웃! 가리난 정부는 이미 유엔에 군사 지원을 요청했으며 , 인질 구출과 호수 지역 장악을 통해 극단주의 조직을 소탕하기 위해 노력하고 있습니다. 이 평화 유지 군사 작전은 유엔 연합군, 중국군, 미주 연합군 이 주관하고 있습니다. 이번 작전에 참가할 겁니다. 자, 임무 목표를 다시 한번 말씀드리겠습니다. 첫째, '산속의 독수리'가 댐을 폭파하는 것을 막고 폭탄 위협을 무력화하십시오. 둘째, 인질 12명을 구출하십시오. 임무의 핵심은 테러리스트들이 댐을 폭파하는 것을 최대한 빨리 막는 것입니다. 팀장입니다. 방금 최신 정보를 받았습니다. 몇 시간 전 반디샤 공항이 반정부군에 점령되었습니다 . 이곳은 가리난에서 대형 수송기와 여객기를 수용할 수 있는 유일한 공항입니다 . 모두 잘 들으십시오! 왼쪽으로 도십시오. 뛰어가십시오. 이 사람을 알아보십시오. 믿을 만한 첩보에 따르면, 새벽녘에 아이카이라무의 부하들이 픽업트럭 세 대를 반디샤 공항으로 가져올 것입니다 . 이것은 우리가 공항에 진입할 절호의 기회입니다. 여보세요? 내려서 통나무를 치우십시오. 들었습니까? 엎드 리십시오 . 여보세요, 총을 내려놓으십시오. 무기를 내려놓으십시오 멈추십시오 당신 은 누구 입니까 반디샤 공항 게이트는 우리가 점령했습니다. 아메리코 전투기가 반디샤 공항에 접근 중입니다. 좌표 확인을 기다립니다 . 에코2, 에코2, 발사 좌표. 수신 완료. 에코2 , 에코1 호출 레이저 유도 발사 완료 . 좌표 확인 전송 완료 . 전투기들이 협력 작전 중입니다. 패브릭1, 아이스 블레이드 호출. 에코1, 반디샤 공항을 점령했습니다. 보고드립니다. 현재 잔존 적군 을 소탕하고 있습니다 . 잘 했습니다 수신 완료 훌륭한 작전입니다 모두 낙하산 준비 . 블레이드, 아이스 블레이드. 알파2가 의심스러운 기폭 장치를 발견했습니다. 수색을 시작하십시오. 수색을 시작하십시오 브라보1 , 네 말이 맞았어. 가끔은 정말 감탄할 수밖에 없어 추측이 맞았어. 여러 개의 기폭 장치가 발견되었는데, 이는 폭발 지점이 많고 배선이 상당히 복잡하다는 것을 의미합니다. 수동으로 해체하는 데는 시간이 너무 오래 걸립니다. 외부 제어 장치 파괴를 제안합니다 아이스 블레이드 , 아이스 블레이드 계속 전진 미터 남았습니다 . 무엇을 두려워하겠습니까? 그는 애초에 그들이 살아 돌아오도록 내버려 두지 않았어. 이제 내 차례야. 알파팀, 모두 제자리에. 인질들을 발견했습니다. 테스트. 찰리팀, 모두 제자리에. 좌표를 전송했습니다. 좌표 확인 완료. 호크, 공격 준비 완료. 알파 브라보, 찰리 델타, 에코, 호크, 다섯 팀 모두 위치 선정 완료. 시간 조정 완료. 오차 범위는 0. 빨리, 무기를 집어 들어. 뭘 기다리고 있는 거지? 성전 시작됐다. 움직여! 뭘 아직도 기다리고 있는 거야 ? 움직여! 공격받고 있다 . 즉시 폭탄 설치. 댐 폭파. 공구 창고가 파괴됐다. 폭파할 수 없어. 어떻게 하지? 폭파 실패. 반디샤 공항도 함락됐다. 다른 방법은 없어 . 마지막 도박 이다 산 이여 , 자신을 희생하라. 댐 을 포기해. 댐을 포기해. 반디샤 공항 공격. 델타 팀, 후 분대장, 후 분대장. 후 분대장, 난 죽지 않았어. 죽지 않았다고, 후 분대장. 블레이드. 난 델타1 이야 아이카일라무는 목표 건물 없어 . 이글아이, 스카이호크 3호를 호출하여 델타1의 아이카일라무 행방 추적을 지원해 주십시오. 완료. 패브릭1 수신됨. 출구가 반란군에 의해 막혔습니다. 어떻게 해야 합니까? 가서 확인해 봅시다. 이동해도 됩니까? 함장님, 문제없습니다. 엘렌, 여기. 장샤오윈, 모든 인질을 지-8 탑승 지점으로 호송하십시오. 주요 임무: 모든 인원의 안전 확보. 실행. 예. 따라오세요, 따라오세요. 왕멍, 가자 나와 함께 가자 . 재장전. , 움직이지 마세요. 움직이지 마세요. , 도와주세요. 죽고 싶지 않아요. 함장님은 어떠십니까? 장치, 장치, 장치 , 함장님. 께서 폭발물 두 개를 가지고 계십니다. 제발, 도와주세요. 죽으면 안 돼요. 제발 ... 모든 팀, 잘 들으십시오. 여기는 즉시 아이카일라무를 추격하여 생포하십시오 마지막 인질 린쥔 자오를 구출하십시오. 다른 팀은 임무 완료 후 알파 팀 을 지원하십시오. 아이스 블레이드는 폭발물 처리를 담당합니다. 에코1이 이번 작전의 지휘를 맡겠습니다. 모든 팀은 이 말을 듣고 응답하십시오 대위님 , 저는 남아서 도와 드리겠습니다 죽는다는 건 무슨 뜻입니까? 움직이지 마십시오. 다른 생각을 하십시오. 당신은 특별한 사람입니다. 이런 상황에서 제가 무슨 생각을 할 수 있겠습니까? 무슨 생각을 할 수 있겠습니까? 당신이 죽으면, 당신이 벌어들인 돈을 쓸 수 없게 된다는 것을 생각해 보십시오 우리 중국 군인들은 명예를 가장 중요하게 생각합니다 . 당신 같은 지휘관들은 항상 위험을 스스로 감수합니다. 저를 여기 두고 가시는 건 아니겠죠? 형 , 날 구해 주면 이 힘든 일은 더 이상 안 해도 돼. 내일 돈은 반반씩 나눠 갖자 . 움직이지 마. 그 망할 아이카얄라 무가 돈 다 가져갔어 전부 미국 달러 야 같이 자르자. 난 못 해. 살고 싶으면 네가 직접 구해야 해. 알겠어? 좋아. 왼쪽에서 다섯 번째 노란색 전선, 나랑 같이 잘라. 알았지? 협조 할게 죽지 만 않으면 할게 . 소리쳐 . 가 . 이게 마지막 전선이야. 안 놓으면 어떻게 자르겠어? , 날 구해 줘야 해, 꼭 구해 줘야 해. 시간이 없어, 8초밖에 없어, 빨리! 빨리! 빨리 4초, 3초, 안 죽었어. 아직 살아있어. 내 구세주! 안 돼! 안 돼 , 안 돼, 안 돼 . 내 돈 ! 가 날 쏴 ! 어서! 아니면 저 여자 머리에 쏴! 날 쏴! 서둘러, 가! 움직이지 마, 아이스 블레이드 드론이 파할라트를 감지했다. 위치 G2. 가장 가까운 팀은 브라보 1이다. 브라보 1. 여기는 아이스 블레이드다. 출격해서 파할라트를 생포해라. 찰리 2. 저격 준비 마지막 인질 을 구출 해라 대위 마운틴 이글을 데리러 왔다 마운틴 이글은 이미 죽었다. 나, 파예드 ▪ 아이카얄라무, 가리나 나의 수호자다. 이 여자와 이 댐은 나와 함께 죽을 것이다. 어서, 쏴. 어서 . 쏴. 어서. 당신의 아들 에밀 중국 의료 팀 덕분에 목숨을 건졌습니다. 당신네 사람들이 그를 폭격했습니다 . 우리는 그의 갈비뼈를 치료하고, 인공호흡기로 호흡을 돕고, 상지의 신경을 다시 연결했습니다. 그는 중간에 한 번 깨어나 손가락을 조금 움직였습니다. 그는 피아노를 배우고 있었습니다. 그는… 겨우 아홉 살입니다. 그는 피아노를 좋아하고, 아주 잘 칩니다. 그는 커서 피아니스트가 되고 싶다고 말했습니다 쏘지 마세요 . 그는 아버지 가 피아니스트가 되지 못하더라도 인생은 여전히 아름다울 수 있다고 말해줘야 해요 . 어떻게 당신 을 믿을 수 있겠어요? 그의 오른손목 에는 파란색 리본 달려 있어요 . 행운 의 부적 이죠 , 그렇죠 유엔 평화유지군에 있어. 쏘지 마. 움직이지 마. "산의 독수리"가 뭐야? 무슨 용감한 전사야? 가서 잡아! 가! 장치, 부 상당했잖아. 어떻게 다친 거야? 미안해, 늦었어. 아니, 아니, 대위, 장치. 네, 대사관에서 시리아발 비즈니스기를 이미 예약해 놨습니다. 이 다섯 명만 기다리고 있어요. 먼저 시리아로 대피한 다음 중국 민간 항공편으로 갈아타고 귀국할 겁니다. 장치도 돌려보내. 네. 준비는 어떻게 되어가고 있습니까? 두 방어선은 괜찮습니다. 대위, 그는 어떻습니까? 피를 너무 많이 흘려서 내장 손상도 있을 수 있습니다. 린 의사가 수혈을 했지만, 더 큰 병원 으로 이송해야 합니다 준비됐습니다. 탑으로 가자. 적군이 활주로를 침범하는 것을 막고 비행기가 안전하게 이륙할 수 있도록 몇 명은 남겨둬야 할 것 같아 . 잘 생각했어. 이제 가도 돼, 꼬마야. 가자. 그럼 난 남을게. 물론 이지. 공항 통로는 내가 지켜줄게. 그래 . 도망치게 놔두면 안 돼. 패브릭 , 에코 1 호출 응답해 픽업 트럭 두 대에 나눠 타고 반디야 공항을 향해 시속 50~60km로 빠르게 이동 중 . 현재 공항에서 23km 떨어진 지점. 아직 23km 남았어. 에코1 수신. 속도 올려 빨리 치 샤오톈 ! 적군 이 중화기를 보유하고 있다. 팔콘 항공 지원을 요청합니다. 에코1, 에코1, 팔콘이 0795를 호위하고 있습니다 . 목표 지역으로 향하고 있습니다. 대장님, 대장님! 린 박사님, 대장님 깨어나셨습니다! 린 박사님! 어디 보자 장치! 장치 대장님 ! 저는 괜찮 습니다 조심 하세요 웨이 아이 린 저우 레이 란 창화 조우 추안 왕 멍 자오 청징 청 저 장 샤오윈 펑 위안 칭 예 페이 린 준자오 치 샤오 톈 은 어디 있지? 치 샤오톈, 샤오톈! 빨리! 어서! 이리 와, 치 샤오톈! 이리 와! 대장님이 부르신다! ! 대장님! 저 여기 있어요. 으세요 ? 여기는 아무도 없어. 파할레는 죽었어. 걱정 마, 이제 편히 잘 수 있어. 안 돼, 장치, 자면 안 돼! 자면 안 돼, 버텨! 장치, 일어나, 대장님! 잠이 안 와! 이렇게 어떻게 자? 너무 추워서 감기 걸릴 거야! 으, 난 정말 쓸모없어. 재워주려고 책까지 읽어줬는데. 아니, 아니, 아니, 네 잘못이 아니야 넌 정말 예쁘게 읽어주잖아. 다만 이 기사들이 너무 중독성이 강해서 놓아줄 수가 없어 . 너무 지루해. 무슨 소용이야? 전쟁에서의 영웅적인 행적 은 생명으로 기록되는 거고, 널리 알려져야 해. 그런 영웅이 적을수록 세상은 더 평화로워질 거야. 너… 네 말이 맞아, 맞아. 우리 보고서가 지루하다고 생각한다면, 더 재밌는 걸 읽어줄게. 국제 평화유지기구가 너를 어떻게 칭찬하는지 보여줄게 . 유엔 평화유지 연례 보고서 자료: 이번 인질 구출 작전에서, 중국 평화유지군 은 중국과 캐나다 출신 인질 12명을 구출했을 뿐만 아니라 알타이 호수를 보호하면서 자국의 인질 대피 임무도 완수했다 . 그리고 가리난의 유라시아 철도 남부 구간에서 투투불루 마을의 가리난 주민 310명의 생명과 재산을 보호했습니다 . 이는 책임감 있는 강대국 으로서 중국의 역할을 보여주는 것이며 세계 평화 유지에 대한 중국의 결의와 용기, 그리고 힘을 입증하는 것입니다 . 좋아, 이제 그만. 알았어. 또 다른 표창장인데, 어조도 똑같네. 정말 지루해. 그런데 판예와 치샤오톈은 귀국한 지 오래됐는데 나를 찾아오지도 않았어. 정말 냉정한 사람들이야 . 의리라고는 눈곱만큼도 없군. 자네 상태가 위독하다고 보고된 게 몇 번이나 됐는지 알아? 자네 가 안심하도록 모두에게 병문안 오지 말라고, 휴식과 치료에 방해되지 않도록 하라고 한 것도 링 선임 고문이었네 . 반년 동안 거의 가택 연금 상태였지. 걱정 마. 천천히 회복될 거야. 처음 두 번의 치료 계획은 그다지 효과가 없었지만, 이번에 병원에서 세 번째 계획을 시행할 예정이고, 재활 훈련까지 병행하니 부상이 상당히 회복됐습니다. 일상생활에는 큰 지장이 없을 겁니다. 여전히 예전과 같은 문제가 있긴 하지만요. 나? 나한테 무슨 문제가 있는 거야? 거짓말할 때마다 주먹을 날리잖아. 아니 , 그냥… 린린, 괜찮아. 솔직하게 말해 . 내가 감당할 수 있어 . 이번 부상에 예전 부상까지 겹쳐서 예전처럼 몸 상태를 회복하기는 매우 어려울 거야. 지금 네 몸은 최전선 부대의 고강도 임무 에 적합하지 않아 . 앞으로 일상생활에서도 조심해야 할 거야. 고마워. 나… 좀 쉬고 올게. 여기! 모두 준비! 빨리 앉아! 일어나! 앉아! 정치위원님, 간단히 말씀해 주십시오. 안타깝게도 장치 동지는 부상으로 아직 입원 중이 어서 오늘 회의에 참석하지 못했습니다. 동지 여러분, 과가이토우는 지난 1년 8개월 동안 폭풍과 시련으로 가득 찬 시간을 보냈습니다 . 장비 대장께서 처음 만드셨을 때부터 과가이토우는 공식적인 지위가 없는 실험용 유닛이라는 경고를 받아왔습니다 . 실험적이라는 것은 무엇을 의미합니까? 그것은 구조부터 훈련, 규칙, 심지어 운명 까지 모든 것이 다른 사람들이 예측할 수 없는 게임이었다는 것을 의미합니다. 심지어 참여자들조차 그 운명을 알지 못합니다. 영광을 향해 나아갈지 도중에 무너질지 , 역사에 기억될지, 아니면 잊혀져 먼지가 될지 말입니다. 솔직히 말해서, 여단장님과 저는 모두 과개두에 대해 걱정해 왔습니다. 다행히 장비와 여러분 덕분 에 과개 두는 살아남았습니다. 살아남았을 뿐만 아니라, 최고의 정신력과 기세로 번성했습니다. 지난 1년 8개월 동안 과개두는 홍군의 전투력을 날카롭게 했고, 불굴의 정신으로 주변 모든 사람들을 단련시켰습니다. 이러한 과개두가 바로 진정한 중국군, 즉 강하고 무적의 군대입니다. 이제 여단장님이 과개두의 구조 및 인사 변동 사항을 발표하겠습니다. 방금 전, 저는 밖에 서서 벽에 쓰인 여덟 글자를 바라보고 있었습니다. "당신이 여기 있기에 내가 여기 있다." 볼수록 그 의미는 더욱 깊어지고, 더욱 가슴에 와닿았습니다. 그것은 진정으로 과개두의 본질을 표현하고 있습니다. 홍군이 존재하기에 청군이 존재하고, 동지가 존재하기 에 우정의 끈이 이어지며 , 인민이 존재하기에 군대가 존재한다는 것 입니다 이것이 바로 장치 동지가 구상한 과개두입니다. 그리고 오늘, 저는 기쁜 마음으로 직접 발표합니다. 상급기관의 승인을 받아 우리 여단 특수작전부대가 공식적으로 대대로 확대되어 과 개두로 불리게 되었으며, 완전한 연대급 부대로 거듭났습니다. 다음으로, 과개두 대대장 임명을 발표합니다 . 장치 동지, 초대 대대장. 석지광 동지, 승인되었습니다 제1 교관. 마당현 동지, 부대장 . 네. 친촨 동지, 여기 1소대장. 청철 동지, 2소대장. 네 왕멍 동지 소대장 마치 산 채로 프라이팬에 구워지는 것 같았어! 이상 못 참겠지? 온몸이 간지럽잖아, 그렇지? 그래서 근육 좀 풀어주려고 불렀던 거야. 자, 신나게 운동하자 가자! 어서! 괜찮아? 더 이상 못 하겠어. 지금 장비처럼 말하는 거 아니잖아! 어느 정도 경지에 이르면 그에 맞는 일을 해야지. 난 조종사 니까 전투기를 조종해야 하고 , 공수특전부대원이니까 낙하산으로 돌격해야 해. 하지만 더 이상 그런 걸 할 수 없게 되면 , 물러나서 내가 할 수 있는 일을 해야지. 어떻게 생각해? 내가 글 쓰는 게 더 잘 어울리지 않아 ? 저는 군사 이론 연구를 해볼까 생각 중입니다. 그리고 책을 쓰고 있어요. 제목은 이미 생각해 뒀죠. "하늘로 날아오르다". 뭘 그렇게 쳐다봐요? 제목이 거창하지 않아요? 아니, 누가 그랬더라. "어찌하여 사람이 창을 들고 고갯길 너머 50개 주를 정복하지 않겠는가 ?" 당신은 총을 내려놓을 용의가 있나요? 전쟁을 멈추고 평화를 유지하는 데는 총과 대포 말고도 많은 방법이 있습니다.

  Top Comments:
  1. @taxi_driver_0707 [1 likes]: 沒想到林導演拍這樣的片，真失望啊！
  2. @kk-it7vo: 中国映画⁉️
💩
  3. @新之助-p9g: おいおい、中華にネイビーシールズはないよな‼️アホらしいど阿呆

- Tokyo ‘lật bài ngửa’ sát vách Đài Loan: Bắc Kinh im lặng đầy bất thường: Kind: captions Language: en Tokyo is showing its hand right next to Taiwan. Beijing's silence is unusually profound. In May 2026, the world held its breath as it watched an unprecedented event in history. The Japanese Army command unexpectedly led troops to approach the frontline island. Just a stone's throw from Taiwan. The missile is ready on the launch pad. Washington's unmanned aerial vehicles are tearing through the skies. Meanwhile, Beijing has chosen a chilling silence to subtly maneuver its next move . A tiny island, no bigger than a small square meter in Hanoi, has suddenly become a flashpoint that could trigger a global clash, drawing even the superpower America into an inescapable cycle. Is this a test of strength or the beginning of a new, chaotic chapter in the world order ? The true intentions of each side will be revealed shortly. Gray zone tactics and the May 2026 trigger. To understand why the May 2026 approach was historic and shocked observers, we must go back in time to less than two months prior. Things started to get serious on May 31, 2026. At that time, the Japanese Coast Guard unexpectedly discovered the research vessel Xang Hung Quoc operating brazenly within Japan's exclusive economic zone . The location was found to be only to 70 km from the disputed green island. This ship continuously drops tubular equipment and massive cable systems down into the deep sea. For military experts, this is an undeniable sign of geological surveys or, even more dangerously, the gathering of strategic intelligence on the ocean floor for use by submarine fleets. But it's worth noting that this ship wasn't traveling alone. Its escort consisted of four heavily armed coast guard vessels, including a monstrous ship making its first appearance in these waters, ready to roar at any interference. Ladies and gentlemen, the appearance of this fleet of ships is not a coincidence. This is the ultimate manifestation of a tactic that analysts call armed escort surveys. A perfect combination of intelligence gathering and direct military pressure undermining civilian operations. When Tokyo's law enforcement issued a warning signal requesting the Chinese side to cease operations. The only response they received was a cold refusal. It was only much later, under constant pressure, that these ships finally left. But that's just the tip of the iceberg. Going back in time to May 11, 2026, four other coast guard vessels brazenly entered the 12-nautical-mile territorial waters around Sen Cu. Two ships locked onto the island to the west, while the other two blocked it closely to the east. Cao felt the needle stuck in his throat for two hours . Looking at the entire year of 2025, one can see the terrifying level of perseverance required. 27 deep-sea incursions and 357 contiguous zone patrols. This means that there was almost never a day when mainland forces were seen loitering around these islands. And then the most breathtaking climb occurred in August 2025 when another red flag was officially removed. Rolling red flags in the airspace. Around noon that day, an armed helicopter, taking off from a Chinese coast guard vessel, circled provocatively in the airspace near the bus for 15 minutes. For the first time in the history of the dispute, a Beijing aircraft is present here. Tokyo immediately deployed interceptor fighters on the highest alert. The Japanese Ministry of Foreign Affairs summoned representatives of the opposing embassy to deliver a strongly worded protest note . The economic front and a fierce counterattack . However, it is Beijing's response that prompts reflection on a highly pragmatic art of diplomacy . They nonchalantly declared that it was the Japanese fighter jets that were the aggressors and that they were merely exercising their law enforcement rights against an illegally intruding aircraft . Clearly, in this gray zone conflict, the line between law enforcement and provocation has been blurred to the extreme. Beyond the roar of fighter jet engines, another, more silent but brutal front has opened: economics and diplomacy. Consider how often the West extols autonomy yet is so easily vulnerable . Beijing immediately tightened restrictions on rare earth exports. This strategic weapon is still considered the lifeblood of Tokyo's defense and high-tech electronics industries . Flights were canceled, tourist races were restricted, and even the pandas used as symbols of diplomacy were withdrawn. The climax of this calculation occurred on October 23, 2026. Exactly one day before Tokyo planned to announce its plan to deploy firepower on Jonaguni Island, China unexpectedly launched a devastating attack , imposing an export ban targeting 20 major Japanese corporations under the pretext of national security. The message conveyed was extremely pragmatic and cold. Every military move you make will come at the cost of enormous financial losses. But this time, Tokyo chose not to back down. From October 17th to October 22nd, 2026, the Japanese Army Command's operations were unprecedented. Conducting unprecedented large-scale military exercises in the southwestern island chain. In direct combat cooperation with the US Marine Corps, modern anti-aircraft missile launchers were deployed to Isigu Island. The Bron MQ9B helicopters took off, tearing through the Jongguni battlefield. This is no longer an empty warning; it's a powerful declaration that times have changed. To understand why the tiny island of Jonaguni could become a thorn in the side of strategists. We must look at its unique geographical location . On the map, Jonas Guni is the westernmost point of Japan, located in Okinawa Prefecture. A place known only for its peaceful cultural features and with a population of less than 1700. But nature has placed this place in a fateful position. On clear days , one can stand on the highest peak of the island and see the Taiwanese coastline with the naked eye. The distance is only 110 km, even closer than the distance from Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam, to Hai Phong city. It is this proximity that has transformed a remote island into a vital link in the entire regional security strategy. From a small military base established in 2016 with just one radar station and 160 soldiers. By 2026, the number has been significantly increased, transforming this place into a 24/7 monitoring fortress capable of tracking any movements of the enemy navy. The biggest turning point that lit up international news headlines occurred on January 24, 2026. The then Japanese Minister of Defense officially confirmed to the media that an upgraded version of the medium-range surface-to-air missile system would be deployed to Jonaguni. You should know that Tham boasts a superior range of over 50 km, a 360-degree scanning angle, and the ability to simultaneously track up to 100 targets, neutralizing 12 targets at once. This system is specifically designed to intercept hypersonic weapons, a technological marvel that the West has always coveted but has yet to perfect. While opposing powers have long held sway, erecting such a force field barrier right on the edge of the Taiwan Strait carries clear strategic implications. In any volatile scenario, Jonuni would be the final stop, effectively blocking the path of mainland fleets to the Pacific. Revisiting history and engaging in an uncompromising legal battle Of course, a powerful nation like China would never sit idly by and watch a rival plant a sharp thorn right in front of its doorstep. Immediately following the visit of Tokyo's defense officials to Jonaguni last November, Beijing promptly accused Japan of deliberately provoking military confrontation and exacerbating tensions. The formations of aircraft that moved in close to the island shortly afterwards were a powerful and direct blow to the face . If the clashes of 2026 are unfolding with modern weaponry, their origins stem from a geopolitical earthquake that occurred more than a decade ago. It was in September 2012 that Japan spent a staggering 2.05 billion yen to purchase three islands in the Senkaku Islands from a private family. From a civil standpoint, this is simply a legitimate real estate transaction . But strategically, this nationalization decision completely changed the game, turning any subsequent encroachment by China into an infringement on national sovereignty protected by Article 5 of the U.S.- Japan security treaty. This means that attacking the green flag is tantamount to declaring war on the US superpower. Immediately, a fit of rage erupted. Beijing presents compelling historical evidence, asserting that they discovered and named the Diaoyu Islands in 1372, as recorded in the ancient maritime book "Shunfeng Xiangsong" from the Ming Dynasty, and that these islands served as a coastal defense line protecting the mainland. Conversely, Tokyo scholars also launched equally sharp counter-arguments. It was pointed out that maps from the Ming Dynasty indicated that the mainland territory extended only 40 km from the shore, while the archipelago was located as far as 330 km away. At the same time, golden evidence of effective administrative management is the fact that in 1896 the Meiji government granted permits to over 200 island workers to settle and establish processing factories. Even decades after World War II, official maps of the mainland continued to nonchalantly use the Japanese name senka-ku. So why did things reverse by the end of the 1960s? The answer is quite simple: when the United Nations released a groundbreaking report stating that the waters surrounding the archipelago contained a massive reserve of oil and gas, the size of a second Gulf. It turns out that behind the flowery debates about history, the core motives of both sides are still the precious black gold at the bottom of the deep ocean. The suffocating arms race and the turning point of history. Disputes in historical accounts may raise doubts, but the figures unfolding in 2026 speak for themselves. They are the clearest evidence of a tense arms race silently accelerating beneath the East China Sea. Just look at the sheer scale of the forces Beijing has mobilized. According to international data published in early 2026, in the past five years alone, China has conducted a total of 134 large-scale patrols, deploying a massive force of over 550,000 ships and more than 6,000 aircraft of various types to encircle and pressure the disputed area . But the terrifying thing is not just the number, but also the size and firepower of these weapons. In a short period of time, the average size of Chinese coast guard vessels has nearly doubled. The current patrol fleet includes 22 ships exceeding 3,000 tons, eight ships towering over 5,000 tons, and notably, two super-large patrol vessels weighing over 10,000 tons, meaning they are comparable in size to, or even overwhelmingly larger than, a heavy destroyer of conventional naval forces. Many of these ships were converted to carry large-caliber naval guns. Now, the line between a civilian law enforcement force and a true combat fleet has been completely blurred. Faced with such suffocating pressure, the Japanese understood that they could no longer sit idly by and endure the protection of Washington. An ally who is always calculating the pros and cons. Washington responded directly with two cutting-edge weapons: money and technology. The budget allocated to the Japanese Coast Guard for fiscal year 2026 has been increased by 14%, reaching a historical high of over 317 billion yen. This is equivalent to approximately US$2.15 billion. All of this enormous sum was spent on building new large armored patrol boats and purchasing the entire fleet of modern MQ9B reconnaissance vessels from the United States. Now, these unmanned reconnaissance ghosts are flying tirelessly 24/7 in the skies, closely monitoring every slightest movement of enemy ships. Looking at the bigger picture, Tokyo is rapidly realizing its plan to raise defense spending to a record 2% of GDP as early as 2026, two years ahead of schedule. This was a historic turning point, completely breaking the shackles of the limited peace policy that the Land of the Rising Sun had maintained for eight decades since the Second World War. But what surprised international observers most was not the weapons or the budget, but the dramatic shift in the mindset of the Japanese people. According to the latest opinion polls from major news outlets such as Nick and TV Tokyo, support for the current administration's tough measures is anchored at a record high of 75%. Notably, more than half of those surveyed, approximately 55%, agreed with the statement that Japan is prepared to intervene militarily if a major conflict were to occur against Taiwan. For a nation that traditionally regards its pacifist constitution as inviolable, this figure is a shocking signal that the people of Japan are profoundly changing their perspective on imminent threats. Just when tensions in the East China Sea seemed to have peaked, in early June 2026, a leaked intelligence report from Western allies sparked extreme fear in Washington and Tokyo. No longer a solitary confrontation between two sides of the battle lines, a multifaceted, coordinated counter-offensive is gradually emerging, quietly backed by strategic minds at Masukava and Tean. According to the latest military satellite imagery , at the same time Japan increased missile pressure at Jonaguni, Russian naval forces and advanced Iranian missile frigates unexpectedly activated a joint patrol exercise in the North Pacific Ocean. This was considered a highly ingenious feint, directly diverting attention and disrupting the air defense system of the US-Japan alliance. While Washington constantly touts its so- called ironclad security commitment, the reality is that the powerful presence of Russian Caliper-equipped cruise missile frigates and Iran's long-range anti-ship firepower has pushed the US fleet into a dilemma, facing two adversaries head- on. Furthermore, the diplomatic front also witnessed a direct slap in the face and an ambition for control from the West. On October 0, 2026, the Iranian Foreign Ministry issued a statement strongly supporting Beijing's right to maintain security order in the East China Sea, while stating that the blatant interference and outdated aid packages from the US are only turning allies like Japan into pawns in a hopeless geopolitical game. This coordinated effort has put Tokyo in a difficult position, requiring them to listen intently to every detail. The deliberate creation of the upgraded Na Chan is now tantamount to putting oneself in the sights of unstoppable hypersonic missiles . Insightful analysts believe that Beijing's silence throughout the past month of May was actually a way to pave the way for its strategic allies to launch a pincer attack on the outer perimeter. This new coordinating axis is demonstrating to the world a stark truth . The era in which the U.S. and its vassal states could unilaterally draw up red designations in Asia has officially ended. Any miscalculation by the Japanese Command at this forward island outpost could trigger a full-scale counterattack from the entire strategic plan, completely neutralizing any Western ambitions to control the oceans before they even realize their mistake. All the numbers, the record budgets, and the display of heavy weaponry seem to indicate that both sides of the East China Sea are carefully preparing for a major conflict scenario. What both Tokyo and Beijing claim neither side wants, they are nevertheless pushing to accelerate. Can the parties find a diplomatic way out with honor, or is the path ahead merely an escalation of mistakes leading to an irreconcilable confrontation ? What are your views and perspectives on these tense developments ? What do you think the next steps for the parties involved will be? Please leave your analysis in the comments section below . This is a very complex international development with many different viewpoints . Therefore, we sincerely hope to receive insightful comments, perspectives , and debates from the viewing community that are respectful and civilized . If you find this in-depth analysis helpful, please support the channel by subscribing, liking the video, and sharing it with others who have similar interests. Don't forget to turn on notifications to be among the first to receive the latest geopolitical and conflict updates that we send you daily. Thank you for your time and attention. Goodbye for now, and see you again in the next analysis videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @TienTruongcong-u3u: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤

- Buyers Persona in Facebook Ads | Select Perfect Audience | Latest FB Ads Course |#13: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Hello Everyone and Once Again Welcome to Lotus's YouTube Channel Miles Back Pain Support Body Nature Talking About Buyers Sleeping On Many of us actually understand that we have a product or a service and whenever we go to advertise for this product or service, we will use knot and try to reach out to people, then what will be the character sticks of our ideal customer, our prospect, to whom we want to reach our art, but we want to study this thing first, because I am selling it and I should know this beforehand or I should have done research beforehand that who are the people who use the mouse, who will be the people who can buy it, what will be their group, whether they live in the city, do they have internet browsers in the three point below way, if I do not know all these character sticks in the beginning, that is, I should know whether my prospect has the ability to sleep on my wire, is it near I need the characteristics of my ideal customer. If I do n't know all these things right away, I will note them all down. I will create a shell, a document, and when I go to Facebook and Twitter and any advertising platform, I wo n't have any problem targeting there. If you have a client from Violet, I want to sell this pin. Now you don't know anything. You go straight to Facebook and Twitter, start posting there, you start making some settings. But you haven't told us yet that the people who will buy this pin, the people who can invest in this fund, the people who will use this initiative, who are these people? They have their own characteristics. Because when you go to apply for Facebook, you will do the targeting there. Try to understand this. There, you will not say that I want to sell this pin to whoever is interested. So, take this point and do it yourself. You will need to do some targeting. You will need to define something, you will have to set your interest, best betting, so basically what you have done there is to show it to the people who are interested in this thing, so which people will be interested in what thing, who are the people to whom you want to sell pens, what are their uses, what are their habits, what are their characteristics, what do they do, what is their profession, can they belong to this group, all these things come under our Children's Day Sona Dubai, the most important thing is that before we apply for any product or service, we should create an image of our ideal customer, we also call it an avatar, if we define the avatar of our customer, what kind of an ideal customer should he show to the icon, what kind of an ideal customer should he take on the exam, let's talk about my business, let's connect it, I provide digital marketing training to students, so who can be a prospect for me, a startup company verification can be done Anyone who wants to start a digital business or has the potential of digital marketing can target me. Those who want to build a career in the field of digital marketing, those who have some knowledge of digital marketing, want to upgrade themselves a little, and want to learn some skills. So, I know that I can target youngsters as well as students. So, it became clear to me that my training and prospects app, or those who want to learn from me, can be youth, they can be students, they can be people between 18 and 25 years of age. Apart from that, I also use CMOs (Chief Marketing Officers), Chief Executive Officers, who are responsible for the marketing of a company like yours, who are the authority of that company, they can also be my target audience because I want to consult different companies for cancer tests, so I can target them too. I understand that if I have two products or two services, the first thing for me is to look at That brother, who will be my ideal customer for this product of mine, Torch Light, what will be his/her characteristics, I will not do that, okay, when I will know all the things that this is my target audience, let's say the interested audience, who can become my customer, so I will select that particular audience in my Facebook section, so let's make things a little tight, it is not that if you wish on likes, you can do organic or partner runs, you can definitely do it, but if we talk about kidnapping it with a good strategy, then it is a very important point there that you should understand your destiny, not starting, okay, that your prospect's character stick will move forward, I have taken some examples from which things will become more clear to you, here first of all this is the basic literary definition, let's understand it, now bypass this model description which is typical and target Customer best detail and defense research you how to figure out your sentence will have to be its character stick or after that if you look here then I have taken an example of a business owner from an exam. Late Se Der is a business owner who is a manufacturer of water bottles. That manufacturer of water bottles is Radhe Company. So if they want to seal the water bottle through Facebook app then I saw that they have four water bottle products, four different types of products. They have different types of water bottles for sportspersons, for ladies, for females, there are different types of water bottles for students, in water portal for office going candidates, for corporates or there is no difference and for business owners, there are different types of water bottles. So guys if they have four products as you can see here, okay if they have these four products then they will have to target a specific audience. Guys, there will be another one who will be a business owner. The characters, his lifestyle, his interests, his bike button, his joint thank you, his browsing pattern will be completely different from the guy who has sportsman trust, but can't both of these be potential clients of this water bottle manufacturer? Potential customers include this one who can wash videos, this one is also making potli bottles, this one is making bottles for students, this one is making tarpan and other bottles for business owners, so if it wants to target business owners, then it will have to select a different type of audience. It will have to first find out what are the character traits of entrepreneurs, what type of shopping do they do, do they read Bigg Boss, what type do they watch TV serials, what type of movies do they watch, what type of groups do they remain active in, do they have a like button, what are their interests, because on the basis of all these characterstics, you can go into Facebook and create an audience, on the basis of all these characterstics, so if we Once we define our prospective customers, Facebook makes it much easier for us to target them. Because what you'll do is look at the product or the service. Then you have to sell it. After that, the question arises as to whom you want to sell to. To sell to whom, you'll have to define some character. What would my ideal customer be? Anuj, the choli-pressure ... I like gymming, ride because it is a sports portion, say it will also come, those who go to the gym, thank you, fitness * breathing, they do gym etc., you yourself are involved in it, so there we do this type of practice, we are sportsmen and then for those people, this thing we can do first on Facebook, there this can also happen in it, this can also happen, this is the point we have done first, then what can we do for it, so that you can use all these things and I come in front of you, I will write here character step, okay, this is ours and for this audience of water bottle manufacturer, I will earn money later by doing a lot of things and here I take, okay, this is our thriller and in the same way here our audience is done for the fourth, okay, awards are done and this was our audience, this is a sports person, I keep writing here, this one likes sports, this one is a student and here if we see, these people are entrepreneurs, audio number three means third type of product, what type of product are they selling For the audience, for this women and females, okay, so you saw that these are four audiences and some characteristics which we have to study when I want to design it a little bit, etc., then you can do that, I am also telling you only the content, like this, okay, what should be the age of audience one, from this we have said that if it is a sports person, then let us assume that their audience, the age factor in this particular audience, let us assume it in bracket 18 to 35 years, right audience to the students, basically we consider them as our IT into its story, then okay, in the same way, let us assume entrepreneurs, so we also assume their Angry Bird range, in identified females, we also assume here green to fat, okay, with this type, this is our done, after that this gender and after that what is their interest, what type of article, they must be reading it, what are their pain points, okay, what is their bike time, their line What is the pattern, how do they browse the internet, okay, this is approximately how much would their income be, okay, what type of products would they be interested in, what type of magazines would they be interested in, what type of movies would they be interested in, right, so in this way you need data here on the basis of some attribute or the other, characteristics, but the redness is gone, now when you go inside the Facebook app and you will have this data, you have this Excel sheet, it is clear that if I want to target my audience, then let's have 1920 apps, their gender can be male or female, they should be interested in these things, so if we will do targeting here, then it is very much easier for you how you will target, if you want to do Facebook ad, then now you are understanding the importance of being externally clear and the better you tell about the time of buyers passing, the more you will get the rate. You will be able to pass, and the more accurate your targeting is, the lesser your chances of reaching the wrong audience. Because you have already done the research, so is there a bias for every business, for every service? If we bring any product to the market, then whatever type of people, whatever characteristics, can buy our product, these people are the ones who make gold on the bias. So, every product, every service has gold on 22. If we are doing this, then it is very good, we move forward. And here, as I told you about the water bottle, here I also gave you the example of my course that if I send some Kushwaha training, or I send consultancies, then the people who take them should also have a virus from my prospects, so every business has 2250 rupees. It was done around the product and service in the same way, we will do research in this way. If we talk about gold on rain, okay, we have understood it, it is a very important thing now. Now we have to make gold on this, so what things should we keep in mind, which things should be tested for compression, which things should we take seriously so that we can make gold on better bio, so guys, now look here, what I have written in the first line, this is already from your, what are the attributes of your already customers, how do they browse, what are their charges, from that you will come to know, yes, this is my exact bypass, that those people are from your already customer side, countries can take help of your social media analytics jewelers website penalty, you should look at your website carefully, which people are coming to your website from which city, which group do the people coming to your website belong to, which revised to browse, so you can select such information also, now you have done some mapping, you have done some research that brother, out of the people coming from Mumbai city with iPhone devices, 80 percent of them are planning to be closed, so you understand that iPhone The people who keep a little stuff, they are a little in the year income group, this perception of bread, they will be a little in the year income group, Mumbai means we set this alarm that they will be people living in big cities, so now we have understood that if we convert those people who were on our website, if we convert them in the root of character stick, they have become our customers, if we talk about their characteristics, then they are a little in the high income group and are people living in big cities, so this type helps us in finalizing 225 gold on the basis of our existing data, right, both these things happened, the third point written here is tried to figure out what your competitors are finding, it is important to find what type of audience your competitors are targeting, you should go to the social media pages of your competitors and see what type of people are posting on them, you should look at the profiles of those people who are actually very expensive Research means you can take it lightly, you have to do it very seriously, if you want to avoid it, if there is any problem, you can whitewash it if you want, you can still tolerate the Facebook app, but in reality, if you want to do everything hundred percent, want to do it by research, want to do it on the basis of data, then if you also include this element of bias Poona, USB modem success, like try to figure out what your competitors are doing from different sources, let me tell you that you will see with your computer, what are the statistics of the people who are selling, what are their PTS shop voters, what are their characteristics of light, which will help you in creating that, seeing what you write, auditions, struggling in Facebook, committee secretary, so the most important thing is that we now get benefit, we can make gold at 22, we made gold at 22, now we have come to know that brother, my The ideal customer is a sportsman trust, I see sports related margins, a resident of Mumbai. So when we write our hard copy, we will take our headline, we will write a separate primary character in the Facebook account, so we will keep in mind that our idea was that we will actually write ads for the people who are seeing it, that on one side we know about our prospectus, now we should leave aside whether the hard copy that we are showing them is relevant to them or not, so we have to try and write this type of head office, when we write on our hair that the ad officer is relevant to them, so guys, this way we have to write on Tejo Payas, this helps in this and space I told you, you should try and start like this, if you go and start defining the characteristics of the audience, etc. or the virus questions, then do not start initially, if you define then in that particular case you get a lot of benefits because your targeting is very easy. It happens that you keep picking up things from here and you keep targeting them there, otherwise what will happen is that you do not have anything organized, you have all the things spread out, so when you go there you are not able to target in a better way, so guys, it is important that when we are going to show our product to any person, then we should actually know the characteristics of our target audience, so it is better to listen to this important point and this is the use of right side marketing, it is not only about life is good, if you talk about Google ad, even in that if you know about your ideal customer, you have his image in front of you, you have his avatar, then you can write his office in a better way, you can earn his leg in a better way, this deposit morning I believe many things, this record was broken, this phone became clear to you, if you go on the internet then it is written in the proper form that home pay points, if we talk about behavioral then our customer should subscribe to that point Do subscribe to the channel [Music] It has happened to Ajay [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mashraf2546 [2 likes]: You are beauty dear. Love from Pakistan ❤
  2. @MashalKhan-zn7st [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  3. @IqraCollections-cs8bh [1 likes]: very helpful sir
  4. @AyeshaMughal-o4z: Leikin ye research kese krni hy aur agr hmare pss pehle se data hi ni hyy na website data hy phr
  5. @souvikroychoudhury3612: outstanding sir
  6. @liaquatkhan5139: nice
  7. @SaeedaAnwer-w8m: HOW MANY PEOPLE SHOULD IN BUYER PERSONS,IF I HAVE 15000 FOLLOWERS ,HOW CAN I MANAGE LARGE NO OF BUYER PERSONA.I DON,T THINK WE CAN WRITE BUYER PERSONA OF ALL OUR FOLLOWER,PLZ GUIDE?
  8. @SaeedaAnwer-w8m: NICE VIDEO
  9. @MubashirHussain66: Thank you so much
  10. @Rahila_Kouser: Vry nice
  11. @insaneideas7988: Thank you ❤❤❤
  12. @abidalipalsaniya9996: I have started small facebook ads setup service work
and I want person who know the basics of Facebook ads
like they know how to do ads seup... how to handle Ads rejection properly
Reply
  13. @AdilAli-ng6xi: But sir yai data nikalege kese
  14. @muneebrahman5059: ❤❤❤
  15. @aamirirshad7917: Thank you
  16. @GuffranAlikhan10: Thank you sir
  17. @HasnainPatni-mw4st: ❤
  18. @umaimanoor752: Thanku sir😊😊😊
  19. @rajgupta-zb4qb: nhi sir aaj kl chapri log vi iphone rakh re hai
  20. @sazzadjorj: vhai you are a legend

- Facebook Ads Targeting Starts Here: How to Create a Powerful Buyer Persona (Step-by-Step): Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and once again welcome back to our YouTube channel. In today's video from the Facebook ad series, we're going to talk about something very important, the buyer's persona. Now let's understand this with a simple idea. Suppose you have a product or a service and you want to advertise it using Facebook ads. You want to reach the right people, right? But how do you decide who those people are? That's where the buyer's persona comes in. Let's say I'm selling this mouse. If I've already done my research and I know what kind of people are likely to buy a mouse, what their age group is, where they live, what their pain points are, and how they use the internet, then I already have a clear picture of my ideal customer. I can write all of that down in a document. And the moment I sit down to create my Facebook ad campaign, I won't be confused about who to target. Now, imagine the opposite. A client comes to you and says, "I want to sell this pen." And without thinking, you jump straight into the Facebook ads manager and start setting up the campaign, but you have no idea who the buyers could be. You haven't thought about what type of person would actually need or want this band. That's where the problem begins. Because when you start creating ads, Facebook will ask you to select targeting options like age, interest, demographics. You can't just say, "Hey, I want to sell this pen. Show it to everyone." You'll need to tell Facebook exactly who your audience is. And to do that effectively, you must already know who your customer is, what they're interested in, what they do for a living, what age range they belong to, and what kind of problems they face that your product can solve. All of this is what we call building a buyers persona or defining a customer avatar. It's the mental image of your ideal customer. The more detailed and clear this image is, the better your targeting will be and the better your results will be from Facebook ads. Let me give you one more example. Take me for instance. I offer business consulting and digital marketing training to students. So, who are my ideal customers? A startup that wants to grow through digital marketing or a student looking to build a career in this field. Those are my prospects. Once I know this, creating ads becomes much easier. So always remember before jumping into ad creation, take time to define your ideal customer. It'll save you a lot of money and give you much better results. For me, my prospects could be those individuals who want to build a career in digital marketing, people who have some basic IT knowledge, who are looking to upgrade themselves and learn new skills. So I know that I can target young individuals. I can target students as well. It's now clear to me that my training prospects the people who might be interested in learning from me could be youth students and most likely fall within the age group of 18 to 25. Apart from that I can also target professionals like chief marketing officers, CEOs or those in a company who are responsible for marketing decisions because I also consult startups and businesses. So these individuals too fall under my target audience. That's why when I have more than one product or service to offer, the very first thing I need to do is identify the ideal customer for each product, what their characteristics are and make a note of that. Once I have clarity about who my audience is and what kind of people are actually interested in that product or service, I can easily select and define that audience while creating my Facebook ads. That way, the entire process becomes simpler. Now, of course, this doesn't mean that if you don't create a buyer's persona, you can't run Facebook ads. You absolutely can. But if you're aiming to run ads strategically and effectively, then defining your buyer's persona in the beginning becomes a crucial step. You need to understand the actual characteristics of your prospects before you jump into ad creation. This helps you target better, spend your ad budget wisely, and increase your chances of conversions. Now, let's move forward. I have included a few examples to give you even more clarity. First, let's understand the basic definition. A buyer persona is a model that describes your typical or ideal customer. Based on detailed audience research, you have to do the groundwork. You need to figure out their traits and behaviors. For example, let's talk about a business owner who manufactures water bottles and wants to sell them using Facebook ads. I observed that he has four types of water bottles. one designed for sports persons, one for females, one for students and one for office goers or people in the corporate sector. So now since he has four different products, he needs to target four different types of audiences. And of course the characteristics, lifestyle, interest and buying patterns of a business owner are completely different from someone who is into sports. This is why clearly identifying your audience segment for each product is so important in crafting effective ad campaign. But aren't both of these categories potential clients for the water bottle manufacturer? Of course they are because he's making bottles for sports persons and for students. So if he wants to target business owners, he'll need to focus on a completely different audience type. First he has to figure out what the characteristics of entrepreneurs are, what kind of books they read, what kind of shows they watch, what their interests are. Because only after identifying these traits can you create a precise audience inside Facebook ads. That's why defining the buyer's persona in advance makes your targeting process much easier. Think about it. You either have a product or a service and you need to sell it. So the big question is who are you selling it to? To answer that, you'll need to define certain characteristics that describe your ideal customer. That in simple terms is what we call the bias persona. And if you've worked on this part thoroughly from the start, then honestly, you've already made 50% of your job much easier. You'll also start to understand the deeper benefits of defining your buyer's persona properly. Like I said, I also want to target sports persons because I'm selling bottles made specifically for them. But now I'll need a separate audience for that. I'll be targeting people between the ages of 20 and 30, those who are into fitness, sports accessories, or gym related interest. I'll pick characteristics that fit the profile of a typical sports enthusiast. And then I'll use those traits to build a focused target audience. This kind of research should be done before you even enter the Facebook ads platform, not after. You don't want to sit there unsure thinking maybe this audience will work, maybe that one will. Instead, prepare all this in advance through research. To help with this, you can create an Excel sheet to stay organized. In fact, let me show you exactly how to do that. I'll start by listing the characteristics of different audience groups. This is our audience one. And this entire buyer persona will be created specifically for the water bottle manufacturer. Later this sheet will be super useful during ad targeting. So here we go. Audience one is sports persons. Audience two is students. Audience three is entrepreneurs. And audience four is women or females. These are the four core audience types. Now what we'll do next is study the characteristics of each of these audiences one by one. For example, the age group for audience one, which includes sports persons, can be set between 18 to 35 years. For audience 2, the students, we can assume the age group to be around 18 to 24 years. For audience three, the entrepreneurs, we can keep a slightly broader range, say 18 to 45 years. And for audience 4, which includes women or female buyers, we can consider an age range of 18 to 40 years. After that we define attributes like gender, their interest, what kind of books they read, their pain points, their buying patterns, approximate income levels, what kind of products they usually look for, which magazines or movies they follow and so on. So based on these kinds of characteristics or attributes, you need to gather data and build your persona in parallel while planning your ad strategy. Now when you go to run Facebook ads and you already have all this data prepared, it becomes very easy. For example, if you're targeting entrepreneurs, you'll simply focus on the defined attributes, their age, gender, interest, and so on. Based on that, you'll build your audience inside Facebook ads manager. This makes the whole targeting process a lot easier and more precise. So now you understand why having a well-defined bias persona is so important. The more effort and time you spend researching and building your persona, the more accurate it will be and the more effective your Facebook ad targeting will become. The chances of your ad reaching the wrong audience will significantly reduce because you've already done the research in advance. Now, you may wonder, does every business or service need a bias persona? Absolutely. Whether it's a product or service that you're launching in the market, the group of people who are most likely to buy it based on their specific traits and behavior will form your buyers persona. And yes, every product or service should have its own persona. If you've taken the time to define it, then you've already taken a big step towards smart and successful advertising. Let's move forward. Now, as I mentioned earlier, we took the example of the water bottle and also discussed my course where we understood how even that has a specific buyer's persona. In the same way, now let's talk about how to actually conduct research to build a strong buyer's persona. We now understand that it's a very important concept. But how do we go about creating it? What should we focus on and give priority to so we can create a more accurate persona? The first thing is learn who is already buying from you. Try to identify the common attributes of your existing customers because these people have already made a purchase from you. So they give you a real picture of who your ideal customer could be. The second point is use your social media and website analytics. Observe which locations your website traffic is coming from, what age groups are visiting, and what types of devices they are using. All of this data is helpful. Let's say your research shows that a large number of people from Ottawa are visiting your site using iPhones and 80% of them are converting. Then you can safely assume that iPhone users from that region belong to a higher income group. That's a valid assumption. So by analyzing your actual website data, you can get a clearer idea of who your high converting audiences. This helps shape your buyer's persona more accurately, especially if you notice trends in location, income level, and device usage. Real data from your own platforms gives you powerful clues about your ideal audience. The third point is study your competitors. This is also a very important part of research. Try to find out who your competitors are targeting. Visit their social media pages. Analyze the kind of audience engaging with them. and look into those users profiles to understand their behavior and characteristics. This is not light research. It's deep and meaningful work. You can't afford to skip it if you want to get the most out of your advertising. Now, yes, even if you skip this, you can still run Facebook ads. But if you truly want everything to be datadriven and highly effective, then including this bias persona step in your strategy will give you a far better outcome. It's one of the most powerful tool for long-term advertising success. To figure out what your competitors are doing, there are several sources you can explore. As I mentioned earlier, look at the people engaging with your competitors. Analyze their characteristics. This will help you craft better ad creatives and improve your audience targeting within the Facebook ad system. This is one of the biggest advantages of creating a buyer's persona. Now, let's say you've created your persona and you've identified that your ideal customer is someone who's interested in sports, reads sports related magazines, and lives in Ottawa. When you are writing your ad copy, headlines, or primary text for Facebook ads, you need to keep this in mind. You have to ask yourself, am I writing this ad specifically for the person I'm targeting? Because now you know exactly who your audience is. So, your copy should directly speak to them. That means your ad content should be relevant to the characteristics of your buyer persona. The tone, message, and language you use should resonate with their interest and needs. That's how this entire process helps. If you define your buyers persona from the beginning, everything becomes easier, your targeting becomes sharper, your ads become more personalized, and your chances of conversion increase significantly. Otherwise, without an organized approach, you'll find yourself confused while setting up ads and your targeting might not be as effective. That's why it's so important to have clarity about your audience's characteristics before you go live with your campaigns. The more focused your research is, the better your overall results will be. So, I believe you've now understood many important points related to creating and using a buyer's persona. In fact, if you explore the internet, you'll even find readymade persona templates or forms just like the one I created in Excel earlier. I hope you found this video valuable. If you liked it, please give it a thumbs up and if you're visiting the channel for the first time, make sure to subscribe. I'll see you in the next video. Till then goodbye.

- Facebook Ads Challenge Day 1: Creating Your Customer Personas: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys and a warm welcome to the seven-day Facebook ad challenge over the next seven days I'm gonna walk you through the process how to plan lodge optimize and scale a profitable Facebook ad campaign will help you to acquire more leads customers and clients consistently predictably for your business but before I get into the video you're probably wondering you know sort of why you should be considering using Facebook Ads for your business at the end of the day you know there's over 1.5 billion daily active users currently on Facebook and I absolutely guarantee your ultimate customers and clients are currently on Facebook on a daily basis and basically the purpose of this challenge is to help you to put your message out into your audience so ultimately you can attract your ideal customers and clients into your business and another thing to consider as well is at the moment you're probably on LinkedIn looking for customers and clients but by using Facebook you're diversifying your traffic sources and you're adding another traffic source to your business so hence you know on top of all the customers and clients you're getting from LinkedIn you could potentially get more from Facebook so hence you're gonna be growing your business and that's why I think you should be giving Facebook ads a try so with that said let's get into today's video so before you ever launched your Facebook air campaign you know we need to do a bit of planning in the first thing you need to look at is your customer personas now before you ever launched a Facebook ad campaign in fact before you ever launched any paid advertising campaign you gotta be clear who you're trying to target so basically what I want you to do is sort of write down you know all of the different customer personas that potentially you could target you know in your market so I'm gonna sort of give you an example here now my sort of you know I've got basically four or five customer personas who you know I target so I mean for me as a Facebook advertisement I look to attract new customers and clients you know my customer personas you know potentially free you know freelancers who are looking to learn Facebook advertising you know agencies you want to add faith Facebook advertising as a service you know ecommerce businesses coaches and consultants and you know businesses who sell information products and the thing is by sort of knowing these different customer personas each one of these different customers I can have different sort of problems wants and needs so basically what you've got to do is identify four different segments in your market but different kinds of customers you can target and figure out what their problems are and ultimately what their desires are you know write them down on a piece of paper you know for each different customer persona write down the problem and obviously and I figure out what their big desire is because the reason is once we know who we're trying to target once we know their problems you know once we know ultimately what they want then we can construct a message around that customer persona in our Facebook card and sort of marketing message server DS video one in the next video we're going to be I'm going to be talking about your Facebook ad strategies I hope you enjoy the video guys and I look forward to seeing you in the next video

- EVERY Persona 5 Controversy EXPLAINED: Kind: captions Language: en Persona 5 is without a doubt one of the most amazing and influential games of our generation, yet that doesnt stop it from being surrounded by a myriad of controversies! From silly mistakes to shady business decisions, I thought it would be fun to compile every controversy facing the game, big or small, along with sharing my thoughts on each of them! So, sit back, relax and let us start from the very beginning. First announced in 2013, Persona 5 was delayed 2 whole times from its original 2014 release date, making its way to the japanese audience in 2016, followed by ANOTHER series of delays before finally releasing in the west. Thats to say, it was undeniably worth the wait, as it quickly rose to critical acclaim and has been cited as&nbsp;one of the greatest role-playing games of all time, making it the best-selling entry in the Megami Tensei franchise. However, after the release things quickly started&nbsp;to&nbsp;go&nbsp;south&nbsp;when&nbsp;the&nbsp;publisher&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;game,&nbsp;Atlus, releaseda&nbsp;set&nbsp;of ridiculous&nbsp;restrictions&nbsp;for&nbsp;both&nbsp;videos&nbsp;and&nbsp;live&nbsp;streams of the game, urging content creators and fans to refrain from showcasing boss battles, major story moments, animated cutscenes and even discussing the game's characters, among many other limitations, one of which being a ban on presenting anything past the infamous date of the 7th of July, with threats of content&nbsp;ID&nbsp;claims,&nbsp;channel&nbsp;strikes and&nbsp;account&nbsp;suspensions towards anyone who tried to do so. In turn, many content creators decided to avoid streaming the game for this very reason, in fear of going out of business and losing their livelihood- though a good chunk of fans didnt take kindly to the threats coming from Mr. Atlus, deciding to play the entire game while disregarding the streaming guidelines, some even going as far as to purposely spoil the game for others out of spite. While some may say that Atlus had good intentions by putting these restrictions in place to help new fans avoid spoilers, I think most of us can agree that this was a very strange decision, as most other videogame developers ENCOURAGE their players to stream and talk about their game, rather than shoving ludicrous restrictions in their face and handing out threats. This controversy ended with Atlus giving a rather lackluster apology, stating... followed by a much needed loosening of the aforementioned restrictions... However, this story doesnt end quite yet! Most would assume that Atlus would have learned from their mistake and wouldn't attempt something like this again- yet something that has gone over many people's heads is that they've put similar restrictions in place for Persona 5 Royal, Strikers and even the recent Royal rereleases- urging fans to not show off any new content or uploading music tracks, even going as far as preventing the Playstation and Nintendo Switch's integrated screen capture features from working past certain in-game dates. Though in their defense, the new guidelines arent nearly as strict as Vanilla Persona 5's, so all we can do is hope that things will get better from here. With how long the wait for this GEM of a game was, fans were ecstatic when it finally made its worldwide release in April of 2017! However, some players&nbsp;were&nbsp;surprised&nbsp;to&nbsp;discover&nbsp;that&nbsp;there&nbsp;was&nbsp;something really&nbsp;off&nbsp;about&nbsp;the long awaited localisation of Persona&nbsp;5. Soon after its release, Fans quickly rushed to social media to show off all the weird, gibberish and out right mistranslated dialogue inside of the game, some even claiming that the conversations between characters dont sound natural in the slightest, which people speculated was due to the localiser's choice to stick too close to Japanese. In fact, the localisation of the game was SO rough that it lead to the creation of the site PersonaProblems.com which&nbsp;compiles&nbsp;almost all of&nbsp;the&nbsp;translation&nbsp;flaws&nbsp;in&nbsp;Persona&nbsp;5 along with&nbsp;suggestions&nbsp;on how to fix them! I highly suggest you check it out. This lead to a big debate within the fandom, some acting in defence of Atlus saying that "There's nothing wrong and that direct translations are better as they are more faithful to the japanese script!" While the other side of the argument being that "the english localisation falls incredibly short of the standard it should be held to and that the best translations are ones that don’t directly translate, and instead reflect the feeling of the original." While in my own playtrough of the vanilla game, I cant say I've noticed any of these silly mistakes, after seeing them for myself I must admit that they're a bit hard to ignore and I can't help but agree that Atlus should have tried a bit harder! The best example highlighting this problem can be found on the previously mentioned site, let me read it out for you. What. Alright, alright, so... how did this even happen?? I cant deny, Persona 5 is a really big game with tons of dialogue, but that doesnt justify it in the slightest, as this isnt a problem any other big jrpgs are faced with. A popular theory is that the reasoning behind this mess of a localisation is Atlus' decision to hire a big team of translators and editors, leading to too many voices for one project. thankfully this story ends on a positive note- as in the end, Atlus actually listened to us and fixed many of these questionable errors in Persona 5's Royal rerelease. There are some things atlus never fixed, however... Its a big problem! For some inconceivable reason, the writers at atlus find great joy in making Ryuji suffer, which brings us to two very questionable scenes that many of the western audience found quite uncomfortable to watch. There are numerous scenes where ryuji gets beat up, but the one that is without a doubt the most tone deaf is the one right At the end of the Shido Arc where ryuji&nbsp;risks&nbsp;his&nbsp;life&nbsp;to ensure that&nbsp;his&nbsp;friends&nbsp;can&nbsp;escape&nbsp;the&nbsp;crumbling&nbsp;palace&nbsp;alive. He&nbsp;gives&nbsp;them&nbsp;a&nbsp;thumbs&nbsp;up&nbsp;as&nbsp;a&nbsp;final&nbsp;show&nbsp;of&nbsp;support before&nbsp;an&nbsp;unexpected&nbsp;explosion blows him away and&nbsp;the&nbsp;phantom&nbsp;thieves&nbsp;escape&nbsp;to&nbsp;the&nbsp;real&nbsp;world, to find Ryuji&nbsp;missing. When&nbsp;it&nbsp;is&nbsp;later&nbsp;shown&nbsp;that&nbsp;Ryuji&nbsp;is&nbsp;indeed&nbsp;alive,&nbsp;he&nbsp;makes&nbsp;a&nbsp;lighthearted&nbsp;remark which results in him&nbsp;being&nbsp;severely&nbsp;beaten&nbsp;by the female members of the group to the point&nbsp;of falling&nbsp;unconscious,&nbsp;at&nbsp;which&nbsp;point&nbsp;they all&nbsp;abandon&nbsp;him on the street without a single care for his safety. While this is just one of many anime tropes that Atlus included in the game, the execution is absolutely abhorrent. I&nbsp;truly&nbsp;don't&nbsp;understand&nbsp;how&nbsp;anyone&nbsp;thought&nbsp;this&nbsp;was&nbsp;a&nbsp;good&nbsp;idea, even&nbsp;if&nbsp;the&nbsp;Japanese&nbsp;audience&nbsp;voted&nbsp;it&nbsp;as&nbsp;one&nbsp;of&nbsp;the&nbsp;funniest&nbsp;scenes&nbsp;in&nbsp;Persona&nbsp;5. With ryuji's history of abuse from Kamoshida and even his own father, being forced to watch ryuji get beat up by his own friends did not sit well with many western fans. Many people were hoping that this scene would be altered or outright removed in Persona 5 Royal, however they were left disappointed to find out that atlus did not bother changing anything. The&nbsp;only&nbsp;thing&nbsp;I&nbsp;can&nbsp;commend&nbsp;atlus&nbsp;for&nbsp;is&nbsp;that&nbsp;they&nbsp;had&nbsp;the&nbsp;restraint&nbsp;to&nbsp;leave&nbsp;out scrapped animations and voicelines that show each and every party member beating up ryuji individally, as if this scene couldnt get any worse! Unfortunately, ryuji's suffering doesnt end quite yet... *sigh* Now its time to talk about the infamous GAY MEN SCENE If you aren't aware of how this scene plays out in the vanilla game, a couple of unnamed gay men approach ryuji during a mandatory visit to Shinjuku. They acknowledge that ryuji is young and under the age of consent, yet despite that begin to express their affection towards him. Ryuji tries to escape the situation hinting that he's starting to feel really uneasy, yet the pair then proceed to grab him as ryuji shouts "lemme go" and we, as the protagonist, have no choice but to play along. It is then implied that they drag him off and... as the screen fades to black. Not only that, but these very same men appear once again during the group's trip to Hawaii, with the same unfunny joke playing out once again. The&nbsp;first&nbsp;palace&nbsp;in&nbsp;this&nbsp;game&nbsp;is entirely&nbsp;focused&nbsp;on&nbsp;Kamoshida's&nbsp;abuse&nbsp;and predatory&nbsp;nature,&nbsp;which makes&nbsp;the&nbsp;fact&nbsp;that&nbsp;this&nbsp;scene&nbsp;is played for laughs extremely disgusting. Thats without taking into account that the stereotype of gay men being predators is already extremely harmful. Ive heard a lot of people defend this scene saying that it isn't as bad as people think it is, yet the persona 5 anime confirms everyone's assumptions as it shows what the men actually do to him. Now, Is&nbsp;this&nbsp;one&nbsp;scene&nbsp;really&nbsp;enough&nbsp;to&nbsp;destroy&nbsp;such&nbsp;a&nbsp;brilliant&nbsp;game?&nbsp; Of&nbsp;course&nbsp;not!&nbsp;but&nbsp;I&nbsp;do&nbsp;feel&nbsp;that&nbsp;people's criticisms&nbsp;of&nbsp;this&nbsp;moment&nbsp;are&nbsp;completely&nbsp;justified. In fact, this scene received SO many complaints, that unlike the previous scene, it actually DID get a change in Royal! So, how did Atlus fix this controversial scene? Uhh... they uhh.. gave the men names... and Uhh... they uhh.. gave the men names... and Made them crossdressers instead? I guess that works? Now instead of the joke being HA HA, sexual assault! its instead forcing ryuji to cross dress, which i must admit is less graphic, but at that point, they might as well have saved themselves the headache and just removed the scene entirely. In my opinion, the game gains nothing from this joke, and all it does is a leave a nasty taste in the mouth of a substantial chunk of western persona fans. Most important of all, ryuji really deserves to be treated better... Yet somehow the only people atlus treats worse than ryuji, is their own fans! To nobody's surprise, the release of Persona 5 Royal was a massive success, and it's absolutely deserved! It turned a masterpiece of a game into a timeless classic, though unfortunately it fell victim to one of the game industries biggest plagues... DAY 1 DLC!!! While I think there are arguments to be had on both sides, that fact alone was enough to anger a number of die-hard persona fans. While not being the first atlus game to include Day 1 DLC, at the time, people already considered Royal to be quite overpriced for a remaster of a game already playable on the ps4, so The announcement of another round of expensive costume packs, in total costing the price of paying for the game a second time just added more salt to the wound. Japanese fans had it especially bad as they were forced to pay for the dlc from the original game that they had already owned! Though thankfully, the worldwide release that came half a year later included all of the vanilla game's dlc for free. What are your thoughts on Atlus' implementation of Day 1 DLCs? Do you think their existence is justified? Let me know what you think in the comments! AND DID YOU KNOW THAT ONLY 0.9% OF MY VIEWERS ARE SUBSCRIBED?! ID APPRECIATE IT IF YOU COULD RAISE IT UP Anyways, where were we? Oh yeah Persona 5 controversies! They sure do exist! Or do they? Leading up to Persona 5s release, many korean fans were happy to find out that the game would come with korean subtitles! However, that joy quickly turned to rage as they started to notice offensive imagery scattered all around the game, the culprit being the pattern of the rising sun flag which korean people find very offensive, due to its historical associations with Japanese imperialism and expansion to asia. Showing up everywhere from Ryuji's shoes to spell icons to god knows where else, people quickly TOOK to the streets and started protesting against atlus, demanding that they- except... that... never really happened? An article published by Kotaku blew things way out of proportion claiming that many korean fans took great offence to atlus' inclusion of this symbol, while it turned out... most korean persona fans... kind of just.... didnt care? However, this didnt stop atlus from taking action, as in the game's korean release, they decided to censor all instances of this motif to avoid any and all backlash, kinda makes you wish they'd do the same for us western fans, huh? These changes can even be seen in the recent multiplatform royal rereleases, as atlus decided to use the textures from the Korean version of the game, along with entirely removing all traces of the Raidou costume dlc due to the same historical sensitivity issues, which is slightly disappointing. However, this isn't the only persona 5 controversy that the epic 100% trustworthy news site kotaku tried to stirr up. Two whole years later, around the time of Joker's inclusion in smash, they decided to accuse Atlus of including a slur in the game's opening song, "Wake up, get "Wake up, Get up, Get out there" The fact&nbsp;that&nbsp;they&nbsp;chose&nbsp;to&nbsp;bring&nbsp;this&nbsp;up&nbsp;years&nbsp;after&nbsp;the&nbsp;release of the game already&nbsp;raised some&nbsp;serious&nbsp;doubts&nbsp;about&nbsp;this claim, and it didnt help that all it took was a quick google search&nbsp;to find out that the real lyrics say Retort It&nbsp;rather&nbsp;than&nbsp;the&nbsp;word that I am not allowed to say! Some fans even hit back at Kotaku,&nbsp;accusing them of being racist as certain&nbsp;sounds&nbsp;are&nbsp;frequently&nbsp;mispronounced by&nbsp;Japanese&nbsp;speakers&nbsp;when&nbsp;they&nbsp;sing&nbsp;lyrics&nbsp;in&nbsp;English. Even worse, after getting called out, they refused to take responsibility for the blatant misinformation that they spread and edited the article saying that "fans allegedly pointed out that the singer says blah blah blah the official lyrics are wrong? WHAT? This was very much an interesting time to be a persona fan, one that I actually look back to quite fondly, as its oddly beautiful how the entire fanbase united to expose the lies of the rotten journalists at Kotaku! This&nbsp;did&nbsp;not&nbsp;deter&nbsp;them&nbsp;from&nbsp;writing&nbsp;even more&nbsp;absurd&nbsp;articles,&nbsp;though. I&nbsp;won't&nbsp;dwell&nbsp;on&nbsp;it&nbsp;for&nbsp;too&nbsp;long&nbsp;because,&nbsp;by&nbsp;this&nbsp;point,&nbsp;kotaku&nbsp;has&nbsp;already&nbsp;completely&nbsp;lost&nbsp;any&nbsp;remaining&nbsp;semblance of&nbsp;credibility they once had.&nbsp;However,&nbsp;I&nbsp;find&nbsp;it&nbsp;quite&nbsp;amusing&nbsp;that in&nbsp;February of&nbsp;2023,&nbsp;they&nbsp;somehow&nbsp;had&nbsp;the&nbsp;guts&nbsp;to criticize Atlus for being homophobic? But no,&nbsp;not&nbsp;for&nbsp;the&nbsp;notorious&nbsp;cutscene&nbsp;we&nbsp;previously&nbsp;mentioned, but&nbsp;rather&nbsp;because... atlus&nbsp;refuses&nbsp;to&nbsp;make&nbsp;Ryuji&nbsp;dateable? *sigh* this isnt even worth discussing. alright, fun's over. Back to the REAL drama! Denuvo. That name is enough to strike fear in many gamers hearts. For those unaware, Denuvo,&nbsp;is a form of anti-piracy solution known as DRM that several&nbsp;developers&nbsp;integrate&nbsp;inside&nbsp;their&nbsp;games.&nbsp;its purpose is to make games harder to crack and pirate. While&nbsp;I&nbsp;won't&nbsp;deny&nbsp;that&nbsp;I've&nbsp;pirated&nbsp;a&nbsp;few&nbsp;games&nbsp;over&nbsp;the&nbsp;years,&nbsp;I&nbsp;must&nbsp;admit&nbsp;that&nbsp;DRM&nbsp;isn't&nbsp;such&nbsp;a&nbsp;bad&nbsp;idea&nbsp;on&nbsp;the&nbsp;surface, as&nbsp;it&nbsp;gives&nbsp;developers&nbsp;time&nbsp;to&nbsp;profit&nbsp;off&nbsp;of&nbsp;game&nbsp;sales&nbsp;before&nbsp;people&nbsp;figure&nbsp;out&nbsp;a&nbsp;way&nbsp;to&nbsp;pirate&nbsp;it.&nbsp;And&nbsp;given&nbsp;that&nbsp;those who&nbsp;do&nbsp;decide&nbsp;to&nbsp;pirate the game&nbsp;months later weren't&nbsp;planning&nbsp;on&nbsp;paying&nbsp;for&nbsp;it&nbsp;in&nbsp;the&nbsp;first&nbsp;place,&nbsp;everyone&nbsp;wins&nbsp;as the&nbsp;devs&nbsp;get&nbsp;their&nbsp;money&nbsp;and&nbsp;eventually everyone gets to play! But here's the catch. Unfortunately, it has been proven that Denuvo substantialy&nbsp;degrades&nbsp;the&nbsp;performance of games it is attached to, leading to a good few fans sharing their dissapointment when Persona 5 Strikers was announced to include this anti-tampering tech, some even refusing to buy the game for this very reason... The&nbsp;effects&nbsp;of&nbsp;denuvo&nbsp;have&nbsp;never&nbsp;been&nbsp;more&nbsp;apparent,&nbsp;but&nbsp;sadly, the&nbsp;uproar&nbsp;was&nbsp;not&nbsp;loud&nbsp;enough,&nbsp;as&nbsp;it&nbsp;ended&nbsp;up&nbsp;being&nbsp;incorporated&nbsp;in&nbsp;the&nbsp;recent&nbsp;Persona&nbsp;5&nbsp;PC&nbsp;rerelease&nbsp;as&nbsp;well. Many persona fans, veterans and newcomers alike, had many complaints to share about the game's performance on PC, stating that no matter how good of a computer you have, nothing could save you from framedrops and glitches! As much as I enjoyed playing persona 5 Royal, even I experienced some hiccups along the way. However, we cant lose hope just yet! there have been a few instances of larger titles dropping Denuvo after a few months, as its quite costly to keep up and simply isnt worth paying for after pirates find a way around it, So perhaps there's a chance Atlus will have a change of heart? Speaking of changes of heart After the release of vanilla persona 5, Atlus sent a calling card in the form of a DMCA requesting the removal of the Patreon page for RPCS3, a popular PS3 emulator. Their reasoning was that its developers are infringing on the intelectual property of Mr. Atlus by making the game playable on PC, stating that no version of persona 5 should be playable on this platform, as doing so&nbsp;requires getting&nbsp;around&nbsp;the DRM&nbsp;protections they put in place. However, the&nbsp;request&nbsp;was&nbsp;denied&nbsp;by&nbsp;Patreon as they&nbsp;claimed&nbsp;that&nbsp;the emulator does&nbsp;not&nbsp;directly&nbsp;violate the&nbsp;Atlus IP and&nbsp;that&nbsp;emulation&nbsp;is&nbsp;protected&nbsp;by&nbsp;the&nbsp;concept&nbsp;of&nbsp;fair&nbsp;use,&nbsp;meaning it&nbsp;would&nbsp;be unjust&nbsp;to&nbsp;completely&nbsp;delete&nbsp;the patreon&nbsp;page, especially considering it would've most likely lead to the downfall of the project due to a lack of funding. The RPCS3 developers settled on simply removing all mentions of Persona 5 on its various websites, which seemed to calm things down and lead to everyone forgetting about it. Nevertheless, it was truly an L for atlus. Almost as big of an L as Atlus' recent statement on using&nbsp;art generated with the assistance of artificial intelligence in their games, in which they admitted to looking into ways to use AI art as part of game development in the near future. The AI art debate is a very hot topic on the internet as of now and many fans were shocked to find out that the director behind one of the most Stylish and beautiful games of the century is intrigued by&nbsp;the&nbsp;technology&nbsp;and&nbsp;thinks&nbsp;there&nbsp;are&nbsp;a&nbsp;lot&nbsp;of&nbsp;fascinating&nbsp;uses&nbsp;for&nbsp;it, admitting&nbsp;that&nbsp;the&nbsp;Persona&nbsp;team&nbsp;is&nbsp;actively&nbsp;discussing&nbsp;ways&nbsp;to&nbsp;include&nbsp;AI&nbsp;in their&nbsp;upcoming&nbsp;titles. While not explicitly claiming that AI art will replace artists or that works fully made by AI are acceptable, he believes that this tech can be valuable during the early process of producing art, saying that using AI can be a way to generate results faster and that its something artists can take inspiration from to develop something really new and exciting. However, this&nbsp;technology&nbsp;is already&nbsp;often criticized for&nbsp;being&nbsp;lazy, dull and boring, as well as for exploiting copyrighted&nbsp;content&nbsp;to&nbsp;train&nbsp;its&nbsp;machine&nbsp;learning&nbsp;algorithms. still many&nbsp;fans&nbsp;were&nbsp;simply&nbsp;disappointed &nbsp;because&nbsp;Persona's&nbsp;early&nbsp;concept&nbsp;art is&nbsp;unquestionably&nbsp;stunning&nbsp;and&nbsp;are&nbsp;concerned&nbsp;that the game's art direction will lose its charm. With how many videogame development studios have gone out of their way to ban AI art in their games outright, I too was pretty shocked by this turn of events. While I do believe Artificial Intelligence has many potential uses in the game industry, replacing artists is definitely not one I'd like to see. Let's just hope that Atlus changes their mind before Persona 6 releases, as otherwise this might not bode well for the future of our beloved franchise... Now, for the most recent controversy... Its hard to say much on this topic as of the making of this video, the mobile game Persona 5 X is still in its beta phase and has yet to make its way out of the chinese market. However many persona fans are already worried of how this game is going to turn out, as the publishers behind it, Perfect World Games, have a very questionable track record when it comes to the many mobile games they have released in the past. Whats worse is they have even been accused of unethical behaviour such as hiring college graduates and then making them pay to work for them rather than giving them a wage. While i'd like to stay positive and keep my hopes high, many fans were ready to pack their bags and go as soon as they heard that the game was going to be a GACHA. Gacha games are&nbsp;video games which encourage players to spend in-game currency for virtual items as they progress. While this way of gameplay can be done right, other games published by this studio have been met with quite a bit of backlash due to their greedy gambling mechanics and debateable business practices. Many fans suspect that this new game is going be no more than a lame chinese knock off of persona 5, which is a fair claim to make as despite having a completely new cast of characters, its story seems to be heavily inspired by the original game, at some points downright copying it. Though personally, I'm still pretty excited for it- as no matter how bad the game is going to end up being, I'm sure the music is going to be banging as always! Looks like only time will tell... It should go without saying that Atlus produces absolutely incredible video games, but I do believe it's vital to remember all of their mistakes and hold them accountable. Some might argue that bringing up all of these issues now, some years after they occurred, is a waste of time and only serves to stir up more conflict within the community, but I think it's important to remember the past, as the bigger the Persona franchise becomes, so does Atlus' greed! Most importantly, let's not lose sight of the fact that speaking out against all of these problems and issues afflicting our society is the very thing that makes us persona fans in the first place so never forget, no matter what anyone says, you have the power to make a difference! So, have I missed anything? Please let me know! If&nbsp;you're&nbsp;interested&nbsp;in&nbsp;seeing&nbsp;more&nbsp;Persona&nbsp;5&nbsp;video&nbsp;essays&nbsp;like&nbsp;this&nbsp;one, be sure to&nbsp;like&nbsp;and&nbsp;subscribe and check out my other video on the two endings of persona 5 and with that, I thank you for watching. It was fun while it lasted, goodbye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Usual821 [4 likes]: Ai art in a persona game is so lame bruh
  2. @7ebda6 [2 likes]: 3:15 randomly came across this video and. i honestly forgot about that. but the game really just stopped letting me take screenshots and i somehow subconsciously just accepted that. but thinking about it now it is so weird!!!!!!
  3. @APV1100D [2 likes]: Persona western fans are sadly  bunch of fat leftist man and woman who get offended by everything
  4. @Camels_Rule2005 [1 likes]: While I agree that the other Phantom Thieves beating up Ryuji after he saved their lives and they thought he was dead was a bit harsh, I feel like the Western fanbase is way too overactive over the whole "Ryuji abuse" thing, much like how pre-movie SpongeBob fans despise the fact that Squidward is almost constantly used as a punching bag for jokes. Speaking of Persona and SpongeBob, it would really be funny to see someone go full on "THE SECURITY SYSTEM, TAKES CONTROL OF SQUIDWARD'S HOUSE!" over all the "Ryuji abuse" lol.
  5. @KF-105 [1 likes]: I think Atlus just really hates Ryuji, because on the Japanese box art for Persona 5 Strikers, you can see him getting hit in the face with his mask flying off as a result. My man can't catch a break! 😭
  6. @downbeatdialga1341 [1 likes]: The handling of gay men in Persona is really frustration.  Like...between whoever at Atlus decided that playing to the "all gay men are pr3d4t0rs" thing was good is an idiot, and tone-deaf considering the first arc of Persona 5 against Kamoshita.  It only calls out male predators, eroticizes inappropriate/pr3d4t0ry relationships between high-school guys and adult women (Kawakami, Takemi, Ohya, and still a little bit with Chihaya (despite her only being 3 years older than Joker, it's still wouldn't be much better if their genders were swapped, so it's a no-go here too), and then uses a harmful stereotypical myth toward gay men as a sick joke at the expense of one of it's lead characters??  It's the same shit with whoever wrote the SL for Kotone & Amada in P3Portable--it tries to eroticize young men and boys being taken advantage of by an older female (I won't say women, because Kotone's 16, still a minor herself, but shouldn't have been shipped by a developer with a literal kid 6 years her junior).  

It pisses me off more, because the game that literally says in it's first arc, "adults taking advantage of minors is wrong", doesn't stick by that principle when it comes to Joker's social links/confidants with those 4 aforementioned adult characters, tries to make the abuse of Ryuji by those 2 clear caricatures of gay men "funny"...but then does permit Joker to have romance social links with his male peers (Ryuji, Yusuke, and Akechi). 

Atlus really said;

"Adult men with Highschool girls = ❌", not good, as it should be


but then,


"Adult women with Highschool boys = ✅", ? concerning
"Adult men with Highschool boys = 🤣✅", ?? concerning
"Highschool guys in M!M with their peers = ❌", ?!? After the previous 2?!?  

I know many people say that "oh, the relationships Joker has with the adult women are supposed to be there to appeal to the adult audience, with Joker as a self-insert for them, so it makes sense for those relationships to play out like that", but like, no.  Kawakami literally says after being caught by Joker, how word of her out-of-school gig leading to her in a compromising situation with one of her homeroom students, who is a minor, can NOT get out, especially since her SL/Confidant doesn't start until AFTER Kamoshida's arrest.  I know no one in the player base who romances Kawakami actually stands by that being acceptable irl, but it's still tone-deaf on the game's part and the devs to do this.  Kawakami is still written to KNOW a relationship like this with one of her students is unhealthy and foul, and the creators played with the taboo of it in her writing.  One of those is bad enough...but they do it, 3 more times, with Ohya, Takemi, and Chihaya, yet romance options for Ryuji, Yusuke, and Akechi, who're Joker's age, aren't acceptable?  It wouldn't even need to be all 3 of them, just 1 would've been something.

And then the ONLY depiction of gay romance that appears in P5, is two flamboyant men trying to take advantage of Ryuji??  Joker has a few moments with shadow negotiations and one time where he's up at the mic, where the player can have him choose statements like "I like men", or "I love Ryuji", but it's all to play to the awkwardness and resignation of society addressing homosexuality as a punchline.  "Ohhh...that's...wow!"  or "Ok, um...I think we're out of time."  Being gay or the mere suggestion of not being straight, is played up for laughs, and the amusement of the background characters, to make quips about how being queer in this additional way in the narrative, would somehow be crossing a line.  And considering how close we were to healthier depictions of queer acceptances (nearly 3x) in P4Golden (Kanji conflating his fear of rejection with being worried he likes guys, Naoto accepting her tomboyish interests, and the nearly complete cut romance-SL for Yosuke that still existed in some facet in P4Golden), it just seems so weird to take such a huge leap backwards in P5.

The only other seemingly queer-representation in P5 is with Yusuke and Akechi.  Yusuke says he's not romantically interested in the opposite sex, when Ann initially tries flirting with him to catch him off guard so the guys can infiltrate the 2nd palace.  It's never mentioned again, but c'mon.  It lays the groundwork that Yusuke could be gay or asexual, more so the latter since he never shows signs of intimacy for any character in the game, especially after leading with his lack of attraction toward any young women his age, but he still would've been a solid rep.  Akechi's, on the other side of this, is written to be (kinda) flirty with Joker in Royal's 3rd semester, but it's mostly just in occasional dialogue and the VA's delivery, and inferred by the fans, not canon.  It would've been so cool, if the game about rebelling against Society's resignation to injustices, had a lead bisexual character in Joker being able to date any of his peers.  Granted, I know that isn't true to real life--not every one in your journey is going to play for the same team as you, let alone a character written into a fictional story where their queerness simply exists to play to the MC's identity, but I think this game had the grounds for where it COULD have, worked, and been so revolutionary.  But unfortunately, all the aforementioned pr3d4t0ry stuff IS canon to P3P & P5, and that makes me so livid and sad.  I like these games, but I hate those parts, and I will never refrain from sharing those gripes.
  7. @Alibium [1 likes]: Having to watch on 1.50x speed since u talk so slow
  8. @lasmariborski [1 likes]: If you are interested it's now possible to watch cut Ryuji beating scene in whole glory via The Cutting Room Floor. Yeah, it's messed up xd
  9. @EvilSamB: Ann is "controversial" according to strange people
  10. @ritikvibhani5557: Cry harder
  11. @sixty5notch796: I think if I was atlus I would have just put restrictions on thumbnails instead of the content of the videos myself cause if you click on a let’s play of a new game that’s asking to get spoiled
  12. @FDS3fanclub: Main takeaway: Personal 5 is a generational game, people will get mad over anything.
  13. @robkilbride9242: There are no lyrics for the rap section of the song on the cd which I own.  So where is the source of the so called official lyrics?  It honestly does sound like retarded to me and the fact that they haven’t used Benjamin Franklin for lyrics since indicates that was what indeed was said.  Retort it doesn’t really make any sense. And also the lyric does not appear in the game, just in the extended version of the song on the soundtrack album.
  14. @robkilbride9242: There are no lyrics for the rap section of the song on the cd which I own.  So where is the source of the so called official lyrics?  It honestly does sound like retarded to me and the fact that they haven’t used Benjamin Franklin for lyrics since indicates that was what indeed was said.  Retort it doesn’t really make any sense.
  15. @Gerik75: Did people never considered Ryuji "abuse" was never mean to be serious and harmfull at the same level of Kamoshida's abuse but just harmless slapstick humour who are just friendly ribbing because he is the designed comic-relief? After all, it wasn't the first time we saw anything like that in a japanese work and the japanese audience never took these kind of scene seriously.

Or maybe it's not the kind of humor Western audience enjoy and they rather prefer that everyone are the comic-relief instead of just one person. It could be the case, and it's okay.
  16. @apchistuz: I coudnt find cracked Royal for pc so i had to buy the game, and the fps wasnt too bad
  17. @Fartboink: 17:53 so there was the yosuke meme
  18. @mizuki2264: I agree with these controversies being a problem but luckily it wasn’t enough to destroy the rest of the story for me. I’ve had to sit through other good media that have had similar moments of poor taste and it was the same this time too. 
Also with day one dlc… I never buy a game anywhere near day 1 so I guess that’s not a problem I will face anytime soon lol
  19. @pesukarhu73: wait is the vanilla version's translation still fucked? cuz i've only played that one (first time late last year, yes ik royal is better) and i can't remember anything being wrong with it?
  20. @yourinternetboyfriendasmr: I will just say people who genuinely think people who don't speak English are saying slurs when speaking their own language are unknowingly racist themselves cause people are just talking or singing in their own language and these clowns think they are saying the N word for example

- The Controversial Politics of Persona 5 | Video Essay: Kind: captions Language: en In 2019, a Reddit user made an intriguing post on the Persona 5 subreddit, asking a very simple question: Was Persona always meant to be political? The post was downvoted and met with mostly negative comments. Among them say: These people, of course, are wrong. almost to a poetic degree. I believe that games like Persona 5 are a form of art, and while I won’t delve into the whole “all art is political” argument, though I believe that to be true, I think the political nature of Persona 5 specifically is beyond question. Maybe the whole, “the juvenile protagonist being subjected to overly strict disciplinary action for stopping the assault of a woman, which adults are wholly unsympathetic to, all at the hands of a corrupt career politician” was just so subtle that it was lost on many people, but just about every major aspect of the story has clear and direct political implications This one is probably the most in your face motif of Persona 5, with the very first ever promotional image being a direct communication of this. Gotta say, pretty tone deaf, but from the story, to the visuals, and indeed even the music, Persona 5 has a very clear anti-authoritarian message… Though maybe you can think of one or two counterexamples, and yeah, we’ll come back to those. Throughout the game Persona 5 asserts that acting outside the law for the common good is acceptable and good, and people not only have the right, but also the responsibility to act in opposition to institutions- often government ones, that are unable or unwilling to support the needs of the people. A message that I’d say, all in all, is pretty based. Not only do the direct actions of the Phantom Thieves exemplify anti-authoritarianism, the portrayal of police really drives this idea home- not only in what they directly demonstrate, but also their inaction. Your first exposure to the police in Persona 5 is when you, a teenager, are arrested under dubious methods and subsequently in order to extract a confession out of you by any means necessary. Throughout the story, it’s made abundantly clear to you that the police are far more invested in maintaining the status quo, often by means of violent suppression, than lifting a finger to stop predators, crime syndicates, exploitative CEOs, corrupt politicians, etc. etc. In Sae’s palace specifically, you come to learn that Sae and indeed the justice system itself, is so obsessed with maintaining its conviction rate that calling it a justice system is all but laughable. While this game was obviously made within the context of Japanese society, one could maybe draw some connections with the West, and I’ll just leave it at that before I sound like I’m trying to suggest that anything about Western society is flawed. Despite saying all this, I’m somewhat hesitant to call it a strictly libertarian message in the American context of libertarianism, aside from the… questionable age dynamics The main reason that Persona 5 couldn’t be classified as a libertarian game is its relationship with a core tenant of that ideology. That is to say: Hoo boy. Now if you’ve watched this far and you’d generally describe yourself as someone who’s pro-capitalism, I’m going to hope that you’re open-minded enough to hear some things that might challenge your viewpoint, otherwise you’ve probably already left a dislike, hate comment, and went about your business. So, please continue to keep an open-mind, and understand that I’m just talking about what’s in the game already. For a game that takes a serious look at Japanese society, it’s inevitable that capitalism is brought up. But what Persona 5 does that’s particularly interesting is, quite literally, putting you in the shoes of a young person, and letting you come to understand the effects of capitalism. Whether it be working long hours at understaffed companies for absolute joke pay, or witnessing mass exploitation that’s both fervently rewarded and protected, the influence of capitalism is felt throughout the experience of Persona 5, whether you, the player, are cognizant of it or not. Fortunately, the game throws you a rope with the whole otherworldly monsters conveniently dropping you absurd levels of cash, otherwise this game would definitely not be a good time. What people really don’t give Persona 5 enough credit for is its use of imagery to really portray just how fundamentally broken society is. Just the visual of these washed out, half-conscient automatons roaming the streets seemingly without specific direction or, well, soul, is just so damn powerful. This, of course, is made the most upfront in Okumura’s palace, where we battle through hordes and hordes of robots who are entirely expendable to those who run the factory, and aren’t given any considerations such as breaks, days off, safety, or humane working conditions. Eventually we confront Okumura, a character who could reasonably be surmised as a representation of the one percent, who is utilizing the system of capitalism to its fullest extent in order to build a spacecraft to propel him to the political world. While the comparisons to the real world are described to be coincidental, if taken 100% literally and ignoring the timeline completely, you might find an ironic humor in the eerily accurate translation of CEOs making things worse for everyone on Earth and escaping in literal rocket ships to space. And of course, the entirety of the police force is mobilized to catch those responsible for this objectively evil meeting an arguably fitting end. I would like to state that I am not endorsing anything. And I almost forgot Shido’s palace. Rather than going into another long-winded though eloquently stated (if I do say so myself) analysis of class, wealth, and power, I can basically summarize it as rich and powerful people are who also have a tendency to be . I’ll be upfront by saying that I have essentially zero knowledge of collectivist society; I’ve never spent any serious amount of time outside of the United States, so all that I know of collectivism is based on word of mouth. But even with Japan being a highly collectivist society, Atlus’ writing of Persona 5 asserts an emphatic argument towards individualism. I do think that this one is less straightforward than some of the other aspects of the game. The Phan-site’s poll more or less stands as a characterization of collectivism, mostly communicating an ignorant general body that’s all too happy to sway with the current popular sentiments as determined by the media and ruling class by proxy, but entirely resistant to individual thought that challenges the status quo. Mementos, being born from the collective mindset, is another example of powerful imagery. The perpetual and despondent nature of Mementos really tells you everything you need to know about the game’s stance; under collectivism, individuals become slaves to the collective will. The Phantom Thieves, then, could reasonably stand in for the ideal view of individualism, with the intrinsic value of the individual being exemplified by their noble actions and agency that fundamentally changes society. They serve as a symbol of hope for the new generations, and them being phased out due to collectivist apathy is a fairly stark denunciation of that culture. While the strength of the public is what gives them the power they need, it is ultimately mustered through individuals like Mishima and other confidants. Persona 5 Royal delves further into this, with Akechi and Maruki being ideological stand-ins for individualism and collectivism, respectively. While Maruki’s reality serves to fulfill the wishes and welfare of the collective Akechi is utterly repulsed by it, citing the lack of individual autonomy as an affront to the personal values he holds. He goes so far as to fight for its destruction, even with his very own existence being collateral. Fither, my friend, and I made a video discussing it and, while my arguments aren’t presented all that well in hindsight, does encompass why I actually believe that Maruki’s reality would ultimately be beneficial and preferable to the canon ending, While I couldn’t really say if this game’s messages on individualism and collectivism are valid, the way it portrays it is masterful- really goes to show you the power of aesthetics. But with the stances on other issues that the game touches on, there seems to be some conflicting messages, leading me to my next point. Persona 5 has many powerful arguments regarding things like authority, capitalism, and society. However, I’d be remiss to not point out some fairly glaring inconsistencies present in the game. Firstly, the issues that capitalist society brings absolutely cannot be resolved under an individualist society- this I think most of us know firsthand. The inarguable fact that collective action is needed to make any progress in this regard totally flies in the face of the game’s harsh anti-collectivism message. Also, for a game as anti-authority as Persona 5, and as much police corruption is portrayed, it is hilarious that they’d opt to make Makoto want to grow up to be a cop. Just, no words. And lastly: while not directly tied to any of the above mentioned themes, the portrayal of someone who the player is supposed to admire as a positive example of authority, a teacher, also being a literal is equal parts ironic and disturbing. Oh right, I mentioned in the previous video that I was gonna make that video on Kawakami. Uh… maybe next one. I make video essays on anime and games; be sure to check out my playlist on Persona video essays, my most recent one talked about Morgana, and how he ruins the game. If you enjoyed, please consider subscribing to the channel, and joining the very prestigious list of my Patreon supporters; namely, Minerdude369. Supporters gain access to exclusive content, including WIPs of ongoing projects and custom voice requests. Either way, thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayAreAitch [23 likes]: You listed how Persona 5 kinda presents these topics aesthetically, but I really don't think you gave enough to be able to conclude that it has "many powerful arguments" on them. I don't think that's your fault; I don't think they're present. When making this game, any serious sociopolitical stance was not gonna be prioritised over the aesthetics of rebellion and individualism. As that garbo Cvit video said, Persona 5 is mostly "style over substance".
  2. @theroyalwraith [16 likes]: While P5 does critique modern Japanese society, and thus does criticize aspects of capitalism to some extent, to say the game is overtly anti capitalist seems kinda silly to me. For one, if you do Yusuke’s confidant, the whole thing basically amounts to Yusuke realizing that it’s okay for him to profit off of his artwork, so long as it remains secondary to his actual desire to create. Madarame not only was an artist solely out of self interest, but he actively victimized others in doing so. Generally, the game doesn’t penalize the player for making money, both in the Metaverse as well as the real world. In fact, I feel the jobs you can work are pretty fair. Not only can you come in whenever you feel like, but the managers at the places you can work are generally courteous towards Joker. The only real complaint to be had is the lower pay, but not only is it understandable due to Joker being a minor, the pay goes up rather quickly the more shifts you work, if I remember correctly. 

Overall, I don’t believe P5 was meant to be political beyond a general anti-authoritarian message. The game critiques law enforcement, the judicial system, politicians, CEOs & big business, the list goes on. I feel people miss the point of the game, and it’s a common reasoning error many people, especially left leaning people make. The problems of capitalism are not a result of inherent flaws with capitalism, but are due to the inherent flaws of human nature. If there is power to be had, whether in a privatized capitalist system, or a heavy handed socialist government, people with corrupt desires will seek it. Shido’s rise to political power wouldn’t have been nearly as worrisome if Japanese government, as well as its society as a whole, weren’t so top heavy and collectivist. 

The fact that the anti collectivist message of the game would conflict with any socialist, anti capitalist message should itself tell you that no, the game is not anti capitalist. Does it have its issues with modern capitalist society? Yes, but to say it’s overtly against it would be throwing the baby out with the bath water.
  3. @cupckaer9374 [16 likes]: I honestly think you should drive deepen into the tropics in the video, so we could get your point better.
At least for me Makoto being a cop is because she what to fix the sistem by inside at least the game hit me with this notion, we even defeat the god of collectivism using a persona unlocked by collectivism so for me persona 5 is more on  the neutral side trying to fix the sistem by using both sides.
  4. @anibalhyrulesantihero7021 [15 likes]: A lot of the things that happen in Persona 5 remind me a lot of real life. I'd like to imagine what Persona 5 would be if it took place in the U.S. American social commentary anime-style.
  5. @Ogeret1405 [12 likes]: Persona 5 has legitimately radicalised me into being a leftist
  6. @Brave_Tsubasa [6 likes]: I think as someone who loves persona 5 a tremendously large amount, it really escaped me that the game has been preaching the exact political ideology that I myself have too. It’s very interesting to me that something as obvious as that can go right over one’s head. The more I analyze it, the more I believe that those political undertones are absolutely one of the largest factors towards my love of the game. Yes, the music, characters, etc are one of my favorite parts of the game, but those real life relations meant a lot more to me than I first was able to notice.
  7. @CommissionerofGames [6 likes]: So, what you're not quite grasping is the same thing that goes over the heads of a lot of other players as well, which is that P5 is not didactically political as much as it is rooted in the philosophy of Sartre and Camus, specifically existentialism and the literature of L'Homme révolté, The Rebel. For example, you make a big mistake at the start of your video, where you flash the emancipation promotional photo in front of us, dismissing it as "tone-deaf." This is completely and utterly misunderstanding the symbolism of the velvet room's stylizing in P5.

In Sartre's philosophy, the TL;DR is that humans are all "condemned to be free" by the virtue of the boundless free will we possess. This is why Joker is the inmate in the velvet room, as opposed to the warm reception the other protags get in their games. Since Joker is forced down a path of rebellion and rehabilitation, we are shackled as the guest, because we have no choice but to be free. Yes, there is an intersection between mild political commentary and philosophy/psychology, but the main allegory is for sure rooted more in established philosophy than any wishy-washy interpretation of changing political dynamics. The message of P5 is true for all of us at all times. 

We have to put discourse out that moves away from the nonsense take about this game that it's all about "corrupt adults." I'm not saying you're pushing this narrative as well, but it would be good to have a deeper look at what the writers were really saying. They had as much subtext buried in P5 as any game out there!
  8. @corn2454 [5 likes]: Gonna be honest the stuff you talked about in the last bit is why P5 frustrated me so badly I put it down and kinds struggle to get back to it.

Just to note I am a fan of Persona, P4 specifically got Mr through High School, though I have my reservations with that games politics, it's better than most of its Era IMO.

It feels like the game gets really close to a good message but drops the ball so hard. I just don't like the implications the game has that we need to just, remove corrupt individuals, because it never felt like it acknowledged the system that allowed this kind of corruption in the first place. Not to mention some scenes with Ann, and specific social links I find VERY uncomfortable.

Still definitely going to be going back to the game after I finish replaying P3 FES since I never got the chance to finish that, as my friend owned the copy I used.
  9. @Jotell-E [4 likes]: Good Video, but I heavily disagree with your last point on individualism and anti-capitalism being incompatible or in a certain way individualist society and ideas being susceptible to capitalism. This shows your lack of knowledge on the subject of individualist socialism and anarchism and misinterpretation of the game. 1. nowhere in the game is there an appraisal of individual power over collective. I don't know if you saw this, but the Phantom Thieves are a Collective and what frees Joker in the end of the game is not his own individual action, but the collective strive for it by his friends and confidants. 2. as I said you should read up more on anarchist and socialist theory. There are many a way one can be an individualist anti-capitalist. If you're interested I recommend "The Right To Be Greedy" and "The Soul of Man Under Socialism"
  10. @Tommylmao [3 likes]: 2024 my year fr

For more video essays on anime, click here! https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLshwllJZkgbrU21AkPkj_mxGdiDaPPrpZ&si=imPKnZM9hZ4j8FHl

Also check out the Tommylmao Persona Collection: https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLshwllJZkgbqaJUT5cES6X5XakqIz-BzO&si=EAVk9PNZo5LhfmPi
  11. @Error-4O4 [3 likes]: This is a really cool essay! From one essayist to another, I love how you pointed out the very obvious politics that some people are blind too. Persona 5 is very anti capitalist. I’m more biased against Maruki’s reality personally- I study philosophy, music, and English in school so I’m coming at it from a philosophical view. Personally, I would rather not live in a world where my free will is taken away in any sort of sense. I think that’s a very anti-human thing, but, as someone with a lot of physical disabilities, the prospect of having them all healed is very tempting. Great work!
  12. @oriongear2499 [3 likes]: I don’t think Persona 5 (both Vanilla and Royal) is political (then again, I’m a Persona and JRPG fan who’s apathetic towards politics), but it does allude to some controversial aspects of Japanese culture and society. 

Edit: When Mishima set up the voting poll feature on the PAWS, I knew instantly that he was setting the PTs up to be brought down, even if he didn’t know that was going to happen.

Edit 2: If I were to be one of the Palace Rulers, I’d likely be similar to Kunikazu Okumura, as my view towards women in the workforce and corporate hierarchy has soured thanks to woke, modern feminism.

Edit 3: If you had to ask me whether or not I’d accept Maruki’s offer for a better reality, I’d accept it without hesitation, simply because there were so many things I wanted to be growing up, from an artist (both drawing and digital art) to a borderline 5-star cook, but couldn’t due to a range of factors, from the US education system not motivating me to learn anything to my parents being busy with work and leaving me in a daycare with kids I never knew all that well.
  13. @utensick1308 [3 likes]: I'd doubt all art is political most could be but a lot really doesn't scream Something is wrong or right
  14. @jellystualy [1 likes]: (trigger warning: women's rights) i think another good talking point in regards to inconsistencies in its politics would be the odd way persona 5 handles the message of female empowerment. ann's character arc reovlves around her standing up to her sexual abuse and for five minutes when she first awakens carmen the game is all 'WOOOOO YEAH LET'S GO FEMINISM I'M 6'2" BTW' then the rest of the game she's constantly ogled by the other characters for laughs and obviously her phantom thief outfit is a fetish leather bodysuit, which she makes very clear she does not like. it can be argued persona 5 takes the liberalistic approach of female empowerment, by suggesting ann is reclaiming her sexuality as a woman and taking control of it as a sexual assault victim. however even then because of the aforementioned points it brngs into question if this message is effective in it's delivery.

(women's rights discussion over persona fans you can look now) i agree hard on the anti-capitalist message and would also like to mention futaba's relevance to it. as a NEET, futaba is basically dead to japanese society; she does not work, she does not provide, she isn't even in school. in a capitalist society, she has no value, and to the people around her she is basically worthless. despite this, she is treated as a human being like anyone else by the characters in the story. futaba, and every character, is very archetype-y sure, some more than others, so on the surface level it can be taken as "this is the NEET character and she was made to be marketed primarily towards NEETs". however, i think just stopping there is discrediting futaba's writing at least to some extent. we are shown how she ended up a shut-in, her motivations for doing so, and her growth and change. it's humanising people who would otherwise be deemed inhuman as they are not useful, which is ridiculous. very simple message of "unemployed people are not a liability and are human"
  15. @tamimtio3052 [1 likes]: All I will say is that you seem to understand that P5 is not a simple black and white game or message, so seeing Makoto wanting to be a cop as bad is confusing to me

Her father died in the line of duty trying to do what is right and just, and duh the police are corrupted, but there is always good in a corrupt system, and to change a corrupt system there has to be effort and strive from individuals, Makoto wanting to be someone to make for that change and rebelling against what the path society set for hot instead of following it like she always did her whole life, is a beautiful complement to her character

Oh and the other thing, basically every normal hates the fact that you can date adults as a teenager and other weird nonsense in the persona series, Japan is just weird like that with their media, pretty much always has been, but none of it is confirmed to be the canon route, unless you choose and want it to be like that, I found Kawakami to be a genuinely engaging and heartfelt character falling so far from what she once was and resorting to methods as low as a secret service maid, just to pay money over something she feels guilty for and is forced into
  16. @niostaur [1 likes]: 6:11 amazing video, but this timecode made me actually roll my eyes fam x.x
  17. @HikariMorningstar3: Never got that Kawakami video :'v
  18. @dangerousgrace7478: You must be lucky to be with a girl who is just like you
  19. @clemenswischman6934: ✋ 'promosm'
  20. @bobchicken9056: atlus needs a change of heart better yet their publisher sega

- Persona 5 Analysis - Brilliant but Flawed: Kind: captions Language: en well this is it out of all the games i've covered on this channel so far persona 5 is by far the most requested one and for good reason too when the game first launched back in late 2016 in japan in april of 2017 for us western players the game received overwhelming praise from both critics and fans alike people were aware of persona 4 everyone played persona 5 when it came out this combined with the inclusion of persona 5's protagonist joker in the long running super smash brothers franchise helped fully bring the persona series into the mainstream the momentum didn't stop with that either much like persona 4 p5 received a handful of spin-off titles a manga run a bad anime and multiple stage plays that i still really want to see [Music] much like the previous persona games persona 5 would eventually see an enhanced re-release titled persona 5 royal this version of the game brings many changes and additions to the table these range from some mechanical changes all the way up to the addition of a new school semester featuring an entirely new palace as well as the addition of new confidants and characters for all intents and purposes this is the definitive version of persona 5 to play if you're interested in picking up the game yourself just like always there's going to be full spoilers for both the main story as well as all the game's confidants this is your spoiler warning now i like to go in depth with my reviews of games so if you wish to go into persona 5 spoiler-free then i suggest you click off the video now and play the game yourself before watching but before we jump right in i believe i should explain why it took me so long to get to this game it's honestly a combination of a few things as of right now persona 5 royal is only available on the playstation 4 and playstation 5 through backwards compatibility when i recorded persona 4 for my video on that game i ended up getting burned because right after getting all my footage the game received a steam port the following day that's right i'm still not over that i'm mostly kidding of course the main reason is actually far more complex than you might first think i started my persona retrospective with persona 3 fps on the playstation 2. if we're counting eternal punishment as its own game that means i started on the fourth major installment in the persona series since then i've not only reviewed every other mainline persona installment but i've also covered a few of the spin-offs talked about my feelings on persona 3 portable and have also dipped my toes into other megami tensei titles on this channel i bring this up not to say that my opinion should be considered more valid but i feel the need to mention this so you all understand my perspective i'm a huge fan of megami tensei as a whole but i wouldn't consider myself to be a blind fanboy these videos have always been about my personal opinion on their subject in question complementing the highs and criticizing the lows i intend on giving persona 5 the same treatment because while i think highly of the game there are plenty of issues that hold the game back in a lot of areas it's not a big deal if you end up disagreeing with my opinion and i'm totally up to continuing the discussion to reach a new understanding i just want to remind people to be respectful of what others have to say on the topic at hand i've never had an issue with this in the past but i've seen a lot of discussion about persona 5 devolve into needless insults just because someone disagrees with another's perspective that isn't an excuse to treat them poorly with that being said let's get started shall we unlike the other games in the series persona 5 is very different when it comes to how the narrative is framed the game opens up very late into the journey with the attempted escape and eventual arrest of a teenage boy named ranamamia leader of the group known as the phantom thieves most of the plot is told through ren's interrogation at the hands of prosecutor sainijima were hinted that the phantom thieves are wanted for many crimes that have been committed all over japan ranging from the possession of weapons to even something as major as suspected manslaughter since rend has been drugged up with truth serum and has no way out of this situation he's forced to recount how things ended up the way they did this is when we're dropped back to early april to witness the origins of the phantom thieves and learn exactly what's going on here much like the previous protagonists ren amamia is a transfer student who's going to be attending shujin academy for one year unlike the other characters however ren is attending this school due to his criminal record before the game began ren was charged for assault when he tried to save a woman from being harassed by a drunken politician things go sour however when the man enters himself and sues ren for assault abusing the power that comes with his status to pay off the woman in question as a result ren is put on probation for one year and is expelled from his current high school shujin academy is the only school willing to accept ren and even so they're only doing it to improve their public image before rent can even attend his first day at school things take a strange turn when an app that appeared on his phone ends up transporting him and another student named ryuji sakamoto to an alternate reality known as the metaverse at first everything seems normal that is until the boys discover that their school has been replaced by a giant castle before they can find out what exactly is going on here the two boys are captured and thrown into the dungeons under the order of the supposed ruler suguru kamashita but this isn't exactly the same kamashita from the real world more on that in a second this shadow kambashita attempts to execute ryuji and ren for trespassing in the castle but the sight of ryuji suffering at the hands of a greater power triggers something inside of ren a mysterious voice rings inside his head a white mask appears in the boy's face and with a firm resolve ren tears away the facade he wears around others exposing his true self the concept of a persona in this game stems from the idea of being wronged or taken advantage of emotionally or physically and wanting to rebel against that when a character awakens to their persona we see that their outfit is altered to represent what that character's idea of a rebel is all this is topped off with a mask that they need to remove in order to summon their persona as i mentioned with ren this is supposed to symbolize the idea of discarding the mask you wear around others and living as your true self it's pretty obvious symbolism when compared to the other games but man does it look cool when a character awakens to anyways after ren awakens to his persona he and ryuji make their escape from the castle but not before coming across this mysterious cat-like creature named morgana while morgana doesn't have all of his memories he does prove himself to be useful since he has a bit of an idea as to what's going on here much like the midnight channel from persona 4 the metaverse hosts shadows of people in the real world where things begin to differ is actually what these shadows are meant to represent in persona 4 and by extension persona 2 shadows are solely the manifestation of suppressed qualities of an individual usually these are aspects of someone that they bury deep down in their subconscious and are unwilling to accept as part of themselves in persona 5's case a shadow represents the warped desire of an individual depending on the severity of one's distortion these shadows could be complemented with these massive areas known as palaces these palaces and what's inside of them are based on the ruler's views for example kamashita views shoojin academy as his castle and himself as the ruler the students inside are his subjects and the teachers act as his guards but what exactly does this all mean in the context of the real world what's going on with kamashita that's causing his desires to be distorted to begin with after returning to the real world we eventually learn of rumors that kamashita is abusing his power in order to take advantage of the students at shujin because of his reputation of being a former olympic level athlete the fact that he's able to bring shujan academy a good name and his position of power as a teacher he's able to get away with some pretty heinous [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we learned that kamashita has been physically abusing the students on the volleyball team as well as making sexual advances towards the female students it's unknown how long this has been going on for but it's implied to have been happening for a long time at the very least the students are powerless to stand up against kamashita out of fear of either being abused or even expelled and the faculty is letting his actions slide due to not wanting to tarnish the school's reputation but there is a way for ren and the others to put a stop to kamashita's actions everyone's distorted desires have a source known as a treasure as explained by morgana if someone's treasure is removed from their palace then their palace ruler will forcibly have a change of heart and attempt to repent for their crimes this method is risky however because if something happens to the ruler's shadow then it will have an effect on the real world counterpart in the worst case scenario this could result in death but with no better options this is a risk that the team is willing to take i know that this is probably a lot to take in if you're unfamiliar with this game but what i gave was just the general information needed to understand the premise of the game in actuality this information is spread over the course of the first 10 hours of the game persona 5's first dungeon can be viewed as the origin of the phantom thieves group while acting as the game's basic tutorial we get the introduction of the first few party members and have their motivations established the phantom thieves as a group have the goal of reforming society by changing the hearts of corrupt individuals mainly they focus on targeting people who are abusing their powers to make life miserable for others with the only rule being that the team needs to unanimously agree with who they're going to target next persona 4 had an admittedly very long-winded intro that wasn't to everyone's liking i personally didn't mind it because i found the mystery intriguing enough to keep me engaged but i understand where people are coming from with their complaints persona 5 actively works to fix that pacing issue persona 4 had by splicing in more gameplay and spreading this information out more evenly within the first hour of persona 5 you get a taste of what the battle mechanics are like as well as a teaser to the dungeon design sure it's not a lot and it's mostly on rails but it's a far more exciting way to start the journey than having to wait like 3 hours to get to the first battle come to think of it persona 5 puts in a lot of work to be the antithesis of persona 4 in many ways while replaying the game for this video i took note as to how similar yet different p5 is when compared to its predecessor persona 4 is about a city kid who moves to the countryside to live with his uncle and cousin for one year he is greeted with open arms by his new home makes fast friends and is overall just in a welcoming environment that is until he ends up getting involved with the inaba murder cases of course persona 5 on the other hand is about a country kid who after attempting to help someone in danger is punished for that heroism because he stepped out of line this causes him to be expelled from his old school forced to move to the big city where he has to live in the attic of a coffee shop and is treated as an outcast at his new school because word gets out about his criminal record when comparing the settings of these two games the difference is night and day despite how familiar the idea of playing as a transfer student is that's not to say that one is inherently better than the other i just thought it was worth bringing up the observation as much as i really want to dive into the minutia persona 5 story now i believe i should cover the gameplay aspects first much like the previous two installments persona 5 splits its main gameplay into two halves there's the social simulator aspect where you spend your time improving your social stats and working on confidants this game's version of social links then there's the dungeon crawling aspect of the game where you either infiltrate palaces to steal the ruler's treasure or explore mementos which is a dungeon consisting of randomly generated floors the same basic dna still exists in persona 5 so i'll mostly be covering what exactly this game does to stand out from persona 4. persona 5 introduces two brand new elemental affinities psychic and nuclear while also seeing the return of firearms in combat the game goes out of its way to justify that the phantom thieves aren't using real guns however there's an explanation early on in the game that the guns are using in combat are actually just airsoft guns but due to the fact that the metaverse is linked to human cognition they behave as real guns in the original persona 5 guns would only have a certain amount of ammo to them that you could spend per visit to the metaverse this could be replenished if you crafted ammo boxes in the real world before heading inside i always thought that this was a strange limitation because the game explains that these fake guns only work because of human cognition if someone were to point a convincing looking model gun to you your brain would fill in the blanks and you'll assume that it's actually real it's a very believable explanation that's why it always struck me as odd that the ammo for the guns didn't replenish in between fights chances are if someone were to point a firearm at you there's a high chance that it's loaded so through the rules of human cognition wouldn't guns always be loaded at the start of battle basically what i'm saying here is that guns were pretty useless in the original persona 5 outside of knocking down enemies that were weak to gun skills clearly someone at atlas thought the same thing because persona 5 royal fixes this issue much like the standard weaponry every member of the phantom fees has a firearm exclusive to them ryuji uses shotguns makoto uses revolvers and so on they all function pretty identically aside from ammo capacity and damage the party members on and hardware the exception to this rule as their gun attacks attack all enemies instead of needing to target them individually but it isn't exactly a game changer guns do count as their own elemental affinity as well meaning that new persona skills specifically made to deal gun damage have been introduced they function the same as physical skills meaning that they cost hp to use and are also affected by the physical buffing skill charge they can be pretty powerful attacks especially the mid game skill triple down which sees you dealing gun damage to all enemies three times when it comes to the actual battle mechanics things are very familiar yet different in case you need a reminder the modern persona games use a modified version of the press turn battle system called the one more system whenever you strike an enemy weakness or land a critical hit on an enemy you'll be able to immediately perform another action with the character when all enemies are knocked down you're granted the opportunity to perform at all that attack on the surface it's pretty similar as to how the previous games functioned but there's a lot done here to give persona 5 an identity of its own new to persona 5 is that whenever you gain a one more you can perform a baton pass to switch who you're currently in control of regardless of turn order you can chain up to three baton passes if you play your cards right with each time you switch characters increasing the amount of damage you can dish out this is such a great idea there's a lot you can do with baton passing such as starting a chain of passes and ending off with a healing spell in order to boost its effectiveness or you can end off your passing chain with an attack all skill to really rake in the damage a lot can be done with baton passing if you're willing to get creative with the ability but its primary use is to set up all that attacks another idea that persona 5 brings back from earlier titles is demon negotiation when you knock down every enemy on the field you'll enter what's known as a hold up during a hold up you can either perform an all-out attack or start a conversation with one of the demons on the battlefield this system has been simplified and streamlined for the better in my opinion you still have the general idea of appealing to the demon specific personality trait in order to convince them to join your party but it's far easier to do so now since there isn't an overwhelming amount of contact options demons now only have one personality type and you select your answer from a small list just pick whatever the demo would like to hear and there you go something that i always hated about the earlier persona games was that the negotiation system was far too complex for its own good for the sake of not repeating too much of what i said in those videos i thought that there was too much trial and error evolved with the contact system i go into it a lot more in my persona 1 and 2 videos so you get my full thoughts there persona 5 while making the contact system more limited makes the process of getting new personas far faster and is just more enjoyable overall i also find this to be an improvement over the shuffle time mechanics from p3 and 4. in those games you had to play a mini game in order to gain new personas and while it got the job done it wasn't nearly as engaging as actually talking to the demons persona 4 golden tried to make shuffle time more interesting with a sweep bonus mechanic but i still prefer the way it was handled in this game another mechanic introduced to persona 5 are technical attacks when you inflict an enemy with a status ailment depending on which attack used after you can follow it up with a technical hit for example let's say you cast a fire spell to burn an enemy if you then use a wind or nuclear attack you'll deal out bonus damage in persona 5 royal technical attacks have a chance of knocking down an enemy which could potentially lead into getting a one more i personally didn't rely on technical attacks as much as i did with just exploiting weaknesses but they could really help when taking down a powerful enemy i found them to be at their most useful early on in the game when my party had a very limited skill selection persona 5 adds a lot to the already established formula introduced in persona 3 making this by far the most expressive and deep combat system in the persona series so far i still think i prefer the press star mechanics from the mainline smt games but there's a lot of fun that can be had when you train together a string of baton passes to completely decimate your foes however persona 5 royal suffers from one major issue that could be considered a fatal flaw depending on who you ask much like persona 2 innocent sin persona 5 royal's achilles heel lies in the fact that the game is far far too easy the original persona 5 was already a game that fans found to be much easier than the previous two installments but persona 5 royal with the new additions and tweaks made to the combat system absolutely suffers from one of the most inconsistent difficulty curves i've seen in a while this is one of those games that starts off rather challenging then gets easier and easier with each passing palace an idea that's introduced at the start of the second dungeon are persona traits think of them as passive abilities that every persona has access to these traits range from increasing the success rate of ailments landing reducing the sp cost of certain skills or even just flat out increasing how much damage certain skills can do there's a pretty decent selection of persona traits and you can transfer any trait onto any persona when you fuse them this allows for some pretty decent customization when you're trying to go for a specific persona build every party member also has their own unique traits such as morgana's ability to boost the effectiveness of healing spells and use case trait to increase your party's evasion against physical attacks kijijoji is an area that's unlocked after you finish the second palace in this area you can play darts and billiards with your party members to upgrade your baton pass and technical damage respectively not only that but by visiting the jazz club on certain days you can actually teach your party members skills that are completely outside of their skill tree ever wanted to give morgana a skill like debilitate or on the passive skill spell master all you need to do is just invite that party member to the jazz club and bada boom it doesn't end there for customization either because certain accessories now have skills attached to them so even if you miss out on the jazz club's ranks you can still get some pretty powerful skills to your party member at the cost of losing an accessory slot but that's not even what i consider to be the main game breaker of persona 5. introducing persona 4 was the idea of your social links having more of a gameplay impact than just boosted experience this was exclusively used for the party members by ranking up your social links with your teammates you can gain new abilities for them such as the opportunity to instantly cure status ailments provide a follow-up attack and protect the protagonist against an attack that would kill them this was a great idea because it gave more of an incentive for the player to actually work on the social links and was a much more interesting benefit than what we had prior persona 5 not only brings this idea back but also expands on it by giving every single confident their own unique ability tree the confidant with the character shinya for example will unlock new gun related skills such as the ability to perform a special shot to automatically down one enemy start the battle with a gun based all that attack and even allowing joker's bullets to ignore enemy resistances this is a great way to convince players to max out as many confidants as they can because not only are you getting boosted experience when you fuse a persona but you're also upgrading your character's combat abilities at the same time as good as an idea as this is the problem arises with the lasting effect these skills have on the difficulty it's honestly shocking at how overpowered some of these confidant abilities are mishima's confidant focuses on awarding the player with the ability to earn double experience at the end of battles kifumi gives the player access to switch party members during combat and also eventually lets you earn double money at the end of fights but this is only scratching the surface the confidant with the new characters maruki and kusumi provides some incredibly powerful buffs maroki specifically gives joker the chance to not only instantly cure himself as status ailments even if it's not his turn but also the ability to start off a random encounter with both charge and concentrate i'm not entirely sure what the success rate of these skills are but they activate far more often than they should considering how powerful this buff is kasumi's confidant pretty much makes it impossible for an enemy to ambush you you not only get the ability to straight up just dodge enemies but you also gain access to a skill that allows you to ambush enemies from a much further distance while also starting off the battle with status ailments on enemies but these skills don't even compare to what i consider to be the two most powerful confidant abilities once you reach rank 7 with ryuji you unlock his instant kill ability when you're exploring a palace or mementos by holding l2 you're able to view how powerful the shadows are this is indicated by their colored outline that changes depending on the player's current level if a shadow is outlined in green that means you'll be able to instantly kill it without having to engage in battle however you're still awarded with money and experience points meaning that you can earn some fast cash and quickly make yourself incredibly overpowered while this does make grinding go by much faster the problem is that now the level balance of your characters is going to be completely out of control in the later half of the game you'll be able to instantly kill almost every enemy aside from boss battles the last one i want to bring special mention to is the strength confidant with the velvet twins caroline and justine their confidant functions exactly like margaret's did from persona 4. this means that to rank them up you'll need to fulfill fusion requests their confidante tree focuses on locking new methods of fusion starting you off with only the basic two persona fusion before gradually giving you new tools to play around with such as itemizing a persona into a new piece of equipment or sacrificing one persona to give its experience and a random skill to another in the original persona 5 maxing out this confidant gave you access to the ability to fuse personas that are a higher level than joker at the cost of yen this was a pretty insane skill in the original game but you unlocked it somewhat late into the journey but for some reason that i can't even explain why this was changed to be their rank 5 confidant award with their rank 10 ability being a discount to how much yen you need to pay that is way too early these fusion requests aren't even that hard so it's entirely possible to max out this confidant before you even start the fourth palace that's absolutely insane sure this will cost you a crazy amount of money to do but with ryuji's instant kill hifumi's bonus money mishima's extra experience and the stamp system that momentos functions off of this won't be a problem to do while persona 5 can get ridiculously easy i still think that innocent sin is worse on this regard i never got bored of persona 5's main gameplay because there was always something that i was working towards and i found the core mechanics just far more interesting to play around with you're not just granted these game breaking abilities right out the gate as most of them come from ranking up your confidants in the real world the start of persona 5 royal is actually more brutal than i remember you can very easily get your ass kicked in certain fights at the start of the game if you're not careful but the problem lies is that none of the palaces after kamashitas seem to be designed with the confidant abilities in mind meaning that the game actually gets easier the further you progress through the story because you're gaining so many more options but the game was designed as if you had none of these tools i understand that the developers wanted to make sure the player wouldn't get stuck in a palace due to not having the proper confidant abilities at their disposal the problem is that for players like myself who end up doing all the confidants have nothing left to test our skills not even the infamous okumura boss gave me any troubles it's also just not really that hard guys just putting that out there for this video i ended up playing the game on hard mode and i recommend you all do the same i absolutely do not recommend you play on merciless mode if you're looking for a challenge on paper this should be the hardest difficulty setting as enemies will deal 1.6 times the amount of damage and you'll only deal about half the damage as usual that's only when you're looking at this difficulty on a surface level calling this seti merciless is a bit of a lie and a more appropriate name would be challenge or remix mode well you'll come to realize fairly quickly is that during merciless mode you earn money and experience at the same rate as you would during easy mode not only that but landing critical hits exploiting enemy weaknesses and abusing technical attacks will cause you to do triple the damage that you normally do combine this with baton passing in the previous upgrades that i mentioned then you'll find yourself with what is honestly one of the most forgiving difficulties in the game i appreciate the idea of making merciless mode something more interesting than just damage modifiers but i think that the execution was poor so how do we fix this issue with difficulty i may not be a game designer but i think i have a few ideas that could help provide a better gameplay experience for example the first thing i believe should be introduced are custom difficulty options in persona 4 golden once you beat the game you unlock the ability to modify the game to your liking you can change how much money or experience you earn in battle and how much damage you take and receive from enemies in the steam port of p4g this was unlocked right from the start so you can set the game's difficulty to your preference i think persona 5 royal would have greatly benefited from having this implemented maybe even add a few more options for us to play around with like the ability to toggle on and off the triple damage merciless mode introduces basically what i'm asking for is the opportunity to just play merciless mode without the triple damage and bonus i don't find this to be an unreasonable request because they've already done this before when it comes to the confidant abilities most just in a slight tweak to them in order for them to be more balanced i'd rather not waste a lot of time going over every single ability and give fixes so i'll just focus on the two i find the most egregious if i had my way i'd just remove ryuji's instant kill and the special treatment perk but let's just assume that the abilities would have to stay in the game in some form for ryuji's ability i'd greatly tighten the level threshold for this skill to work as well as only allow it to work while in mementos having this ability work in the regular palaces is just too game breaking in my opinion allowing it to only work in the dungeon designed for grinding just makes a lot more sense to me for the special treatment ability i think that the developers could take a page at a persona 2's book in that game you can fuse personas that are a maximum of 5 levels above your characters this on its own is a good idea already so having it act as the strength confident ability would be a good reward you get a good power boost but it's not enough to break the game have the rank 10 ability increase the level cap just a bit more and we're good of course this is all just my opinion for all i know these ideas might not pan out too well but i think that these changes will work out better in the long run i also feel sort of obligated to talk about the dlc personas in this game when it comes to how they affect the p5 is the first mainline persona game to have specific personas locked behind a small paywall in persona 5 royal all the previous dlc personas are now available for free with brand new ones being introduced in a pack that you can buy for 10 it's safe to say that these personas are pretty overpowered and should be avoided if you want any sort of challenge in a game that touts itself as the definitive persona 5 experience i think introducing more dlc really makes me question atlas's business practices but that's a discussion for another day what i mostly want to focus on is one specific dlc persona you narakami's ultimate persona izanaki no okami was brought back as dlc and is easily the single most powerful persona in the entire game this is entirely because of its unique skill and trait the trait country maker boosts your attack and defense based on how much of the compendium you filled up it's a trait that skills with you throughout the entire game and if you decide to fuse every persona you just naturally become twice as powerful but this doesn't even compare to its unique spell myriad truths is a heavy almighty spell that targets all enemies what makes this spell different from the rest is that it does damage to enemies three times making it easily the most powerful almighty skill in the game combine this with its natural trait and passive skills to increase all mighty damage and you'll have yourself a persona that can easily deal thousands of damage here's me fighting the reaper it's worth clarifying that despite the issues i take with persona 5's i don't dislike the main gameplay because mechanically speaking it's the strongest set of any persona game i still prefer the press turn combat featured in the mainline smt games because the game's challenge takes advantage of the tools at your disposal persona 5 royals starts off with this mindset but the rest of the game doesn't compensate with the eventual buffs you gain access to this is probably the most disappointing aspect of persona 5 in my opinion i think that this is such a good combat system but it sadly falls off in the latter half of the game because the confidant abilities trivialize encounters i keep falling back on this but i really think that they're the main cause of the difficulty issues present in this game i really like the idea of rewarding the player for doing confidence outside of just fusion bonuses i just think that the developers underestimated how strong you'd become from having all of them unlocked i at the very least hope that this idea is brought back in later installments with some tweaking these abilities could be far more balanced while also feeling like decent upgrades for going the extra mile either that or atlas could make the next game much more challenging to compensate while you can't guarantee that every player will have the same confidant abilities unlocked i think that a less forgiving overall experience would be a welcome change persona 5 handles dungeons in a slightly different way than the previous two games for starters there are two types of dungeons palaces are the main bread and butter when it comes to the dungeon crawling these are handcrafted dungeons that are visually based off the palace ruler's cognition the second type of dungeon is pretty much your grinding and side quest area known as mementos this place functions a lot like tardis from persona 3 where the areas are randomly generated it's pretty much the same deal with the different blocks being locked off until certain in-game days a lot of what i said about tartarus from my persona 3 video can be applied to momentos in persona 5 but there are some differences that make the place feel distinct momentous is primarily used to change the hearts of people who don't have a fully developed palace also known as people whose desires aren't quite as distorted as kamashitas and the others it's a way to get some quick experience and cash while also providing the player with some more content to mess around with persona 5 royal actually adds a few things to mementos to encourage exploration throughout mementos you'll find these flowers scattered around every floor as well as come across these station hosting stamps you could take these stamps and flowers to this kid named jose and exchange them for items and even altering the cognition of mementos you can change the rate you earn money experience and how many items dropped from chests and enemies just like the confidant abilities this is a good reason to be thorough with your play style but it has an effect on the game's overall challenge i don't find the boost of money and experience here to be as unbalanced since it only works in mementos and only serves to cut down on busy work when it comes to the palaces however that's where things start to get a bit more interesting for the first time since eternal punishment the persona series has actual level design and good level design at that it isn't anything too complicated but there are a few puzzles for you to solve and will seeds to collect by finding all three will seeds in a palace you'll gain a special accessory that provides you with a new skill to use each palace has their own unique puzzle or gimmick that you need to deal with okumar's palace for example sees the player listening in on conversations to find the chief director in order to get an id card there's also the airlock mazes near the end of the palace that i really enjoyed i see a lot of people critique the mazes for being too difficult or confusing i never agreed with this statement personally i never had much of an issue of getting lost inside of the palaces but that could be because of my previous experiences with other mega 10 titles even if you've only played p3 and p4 games that are incredibly linear with little to no puzzle solving the palaces here are still pretty beginner friendly however i can understand the complaint that some of these gimmicks overstay their welcome to use a late game example the rat mazes near the end of the game caused a lot of frustration among certain players not because the puzzles were necessarily difficult but because this gimmick was used too many times throughout the palace especially in the original persona 5. i didn't mind the inclusion of these sorts of puzzles because it kept the level design fresh and made the player do more than just rush to the end without a care in the world an aspect about the palaces i find very strange however are the safe rooms in terms of gameplay these functions as checkpoints where you can get your bearings save your game and even fast travel between different safe rooms in a palace this is how you return to the entrance to either go back to the real world or fuse a new persona in terms of story the characters explored palaces to plan out an infiltration route to steal the ruler's treasure in the final game however there's always a safe room just before the treasure's location meaning that once you send the calling card and re-enter the palace you can just warp to the treasure instantly part of me feels as though that you were supposed to originally make your way back to the treasure room manually something that i noticed even on my first playthrough of the game was that kamashita's palace had a lot of shortcuts to get you back to the entrance quickly about halfway through the palace you can open up a window that brings you back to the courtyard morgana even mentions that this is something you should remember for the infiltration near the end of the palace you can jump through this painting here and end up in the main halls of the castle which is very close to the palace entrance i can imagine that you were expected to find these shortcuts so that when you sent the calling card you had an easier way to get back to the treasure i think that this would have been a more interesting idea than just fast traveling to the treasure the way it is right now is fine it's just that i've been thinking about this for years and i haven't seen anyone bring this up yet to summarize if persona 5 was setting out to be a more beginner friendly experience then i think that it accomplishes that and then some mechanically speaking it's easily the game with the most amount of stuff you can play around with and is incredibly user friendly as a self-proclaimed veteran player which is something that i think i can say considering i've played all the mainline games at this point i believe that persona 5 has the best gameplay in the series where it suffers the most is the difficulty balance this is an issue that permeates throughout the entire experience which is why it can't be easily ignored i'm more willing to excuse it here than i am in innocent sin for one major reason you do a lot more on the modern persona games than just dungeon crawling a good majority of your playtime will be dedicated to the social simulator aspect of these games compare that to innocent sin where all the game time is spent dungeon crawling and battling enemies this means that any flaws in the combat system there will stick out far more than in the modern persona games that doesn't mean i'll excuse when and where these games falter but it wouldn't be fair if i were to treat these flaws as equal basically what i'm trying to say here is despite how easy persona 5 royal is i still had plenty of fun playing the game the social aspect of persona 5 much like the previous game is the main appeal for a lot of players by spending time with a character your bond deepens with them you can increase how quickly you rank up a confidant by having a persona of the matching arcana in your arsenal and by answering questions that appeal to the character's ideals the most it's the same as in the other games but what i like this time around is that your reason for spending time with these characters are presented in a different light instead of trying to bond with someone for the sake of becoming friends it's more so for mutual benefit it's a way to contextualize how ranking up a confidant grants joker a new skill to use in the metaverse as the characters grow closer they teach joker new skills relating to the deal that he made with them persona 5 gives you a lot more free time than the previous two games especially royal it's more than possible to max out every confidant without using a guide while having time to spare just be mindful of when you visit palaces and momentos while also abusing certain confidant abilities there are a total of 23 confidants in the game but i'm going to exclude talking about the plot related ones the reworked garuwa ketchi confidant and the confidant with the new party member kasumi yoshizawa this is primarily because those confidants are mostly used to flesh out the characters in the main story and would require a lot of context for them to make sense it would overall just flow better if i discuss their confidence along with their characters when i get to them this leaves us with a total of 18 confidants to talk about this time around in case you're new to this channel i look at two things when evaluating a confidant what is the story that's trying to be told with this character and how well is that story told i'm also going to be structuring the way i look at these not on the order of their arcana number but what i personally believe will be the smoothest transition from each group main party members first students second adults third and finally the new characters introduced in royal along with caroline and justine as a reminder this is all just my personal interpretation of these stories meaning that i don't expect everyone to agree with me i just hope that we can respect each other's perspectives with that out of the way let's get started with number one the chariot ryuji sakamoto ryuji is one of the founding members of the phantom thieves and is one of the first confidants you unlock ryuji's confidant store revolves around the track team that he used to be a part of some time before the start of the game ryuji got into a fight with kamashita after he was talking [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about his family kamashita made it seem as though it was out of self-defense and ended up forcing the track team to close down out of spite not only did ryuji's light get messed up from this event but the old members of the team now despise him for not enduring kamashita's punishment like the rest of them did and in ryuji's perspective he honestly doesn't blame them as an outsider looking in we see that ryuji made the right decision to stand up against kamashita during that moment but ryuji himself feels the opposite he feels immense guilt for what happened to the team and most of his confidant is dedicated to him trying to right that wrong with the other portion showing off ryuji and ren's training the basic premise of ryuji's confidant is that his old track team is trying to get back together but the team's coach is someone who was a supporter of kamashita ryuji out of fear of history repeating itself sets out to expose this person for the scum that he is we'll learn that this new coach yamauchi is only interested in rebuilding the track team for the sake of garnering fame and attention he wants to be looked at as the sympathetic teacher who helped to re-establish the track team after kamashita was exposed only with the help of ren is ryuji able to gather the necessary information to prove to his old teammates that yamauchi is no good the group is able to bury the hatchet and the track team is able to rehire their old coach before kamashita ryuji is given the opportunity to rejoin the track team but ends up turning down their offer while the track team was once a huge part of his life and he still has a passion for running the way i see it this is supposed to show that ryuji is finally able to move on from his own perceived failures in my opinion ryuji's confidant focuses on the idea of forgiveness not just forgiving your colleagues for wronging you but also learning to forgive yourself for your own mistakes when given the opportunity to get some sort of revenge on a trackmate who fed kamashita information about ryuji's parents instead of indulging in that revenge he instead shows forgiveness the entire reason as to why ryuji went to such lengths to ensure a bright future for the track team was so that he could forgive himself for buckling under kamashita way back when so him turning down the invitation to join the track team in the end is supposed to symbolize his new resolve to move on from those old days i like ryuji's confidant it works very well as a supplement to his main character arc in the story and gives some more insight into the reason as to why ryuji is considered an outcast to the people at shujin i see people bring up the fact that this confident focuses on the track team as a flaw and i can't help but disagree with that notion ryuji's connection to track and field is a very big part of his character it was his main hobby and at one point in his life he wanted to get a scholarship in order to make things easier for his mom but that was all ripped away from him because he couldn't endure what he was put through i think that it's a great idea to focus on how ryuji feels about those events and having a side story dedicated to him moving past that he still is the center focus of the story even though the track team is used as an ongoing backdrop i think that when it comes to pacing this confidant moves at a very brisk pace once the main conflict is introduced it becomes the center focus for the remainder of the confidant overall i'd say that this story is pretty solid but it struggles to leave that much of a lasting impact on me this is mostly because his character arc in the main plot certainly overshadows the stuff that's shown here that's not a criticism mind you because it just goes to show how fleshed out ryuji is as a party member but i'm getting a bit ahead of myself here number two the lovers onto kamiki on's confidant if i'm being honest feels rather unfocused much like ryuji on is one of the founding members of the phantom thieves and also has suffered through kamashita's abuse the confidant starts off with on wanting to learn to improve the strength of her heart so she can not only become a better persona user but to also be an inspiration to her best friend shiho at first it seems as though this story is going to be about ahn's relationship with her friend and learning to better herself i find all these scenes very compelling and it does a great job at showcasing ahn's personality outside what's provided in the main story but part way into the confidant on's modeling career is thrown into the mix along with her industry rival mika the idea here is that mika is supposed to be on's ultimate test of her own heart as she represents all the qualities that on admired from the villains she watched on tv things such as self-confidence and the drive to never give up what you value this doesn't end up working too well because the sides of mika that are end up showed to us only portray as a very spiteful individual who is willing to use dirty tactics to get an edge in the industry she's portrayed with only the toxic qualities of the antagonists that on took interest in i get the idea that they were going for but i don't think it's executed all too maybe on's confident would have been better if her modelling gig was cut from the story and we instead focused on her relationship with shiho in the aftermath of the kamashita incident bits of this idea are shown and i find those parts to be the best aspect of her confidant the reason as to why i like the track team stuff featuring ryuji's confidant was because his relationship with his teammates was a core aspect of his character the same can't really be said about on's modeling because it's far less important to her overall character the decision to include this aspect of her character into this confidant doesn't really do much but deter from the more interesting parts of her story overall i'd say that on's confidant starts strong but loses its focus later on and it makes the conclusion have a lot less impact as it could have i'm not calling it bad per se but it's just a bit disappointing number 3 the emperor yusuke kitagawa yusuke is the ex-people of the famous artist matarame after joining the phantom thieves and exposing his sensei for the scum that he is he falls into a bit of an artist's slump the main plot of his confidant focuses on him regaining his passion while also helping yusuke grow as an artist his first attempt at getting back on the horse ends in nothing but failure for him he ends up submitting a piece of work to an art exhibit that's based on his interpretation of human desires yusuke ends up using momentos and matarame as his interpretations and believes that he managed to capture this twisted corruption in his new painting however despite his technical skills both critics and patrons end up finding this piece very empty and yusuke struggles to swallow this truth but upon closer inspection of the piece yusuke is able to come to the realization of where he went wrong this interpretation of the human heart was nothing more than a surface level inspection of the subject sure desire was what yusuke was intentionally trying to capture but the painting in question lacked any sort of nuance or meaning to it the general idea that yusuke's confidant tackles is him expanding his horizons so we can find a way to fully understand the human heart i find this to be a very solid premise for a story revolving around this painting and just artwork in general is a core aspect to yusuke even more so than what track and field was for ryuji throughout the confidant yusuke attempts to expand his horizons to get a deeper understanding of the human heart but all this does is give him more questions than answers this search eventually as yusuke admit that deep down he fears that he'd walk down the same path as moderame through the help of ren and the other members of the phantom thieves however yusuke is able to gain a new perspective on the human heart desire isn't inherently as corrupt as he made it seem to be you can profit off of art as long as you're making it with the intent of giving a new experience to someone else where matarami went wrong was that fame and fortune ended up distorting him and that became more important to him than the genuine artistic intent the words of his friends help yusuke finally grasp the human heart and he decides to take another shot at his painting this new piece desire and hope has much more passion behind it than before and it perfectly encapsulates the lessons that yusuke learned the painting itself is supposed to represent the differing aspects of the human heart both the beauty and the grim ugliness that come along with it in the painting itself hope is represented by this blinding colorful light that's keeping the darkness of desire from overtaking the heart in yusuke's own words he won't be stained by desire like his old sensei his hope is personified in his friends and he has faith that they will guide him down the right path chastising him if he begins to falter i really enjoyed yusuke's confidant it has a good pace with each confidant rank being used to develop his new perspective the idea of this confidant fits really well with the character in question and gives us some extra insight into usekay's feelings about moderate that weren't expressed in the main story i honestly don't hear a lot of people discussing the overall message that this story has most discussion surrounding yusuke ultimately falls back on the silly situations that he and ren end up in such as this one scene where they're in the church and yusuke wants ren to pose for him while this helps endear us to his character maybe this stuff could be considered a little too distracting either that or people really just didn't care much about his confidant's message i hope that isn't true because i really like what i experienced with yusuke overall i think that this does a great job with his character and is one of the better ones in the game for me number four the priestess makoto nijima i'm not sure if i'm going to upset anyone when i say this but i find makoto's confidant really disappointing a common criticism is that this confidant doesn't focus enough on makoto as an individual but rather spends too much time on the relationship she has with her new friend while i defended ryuji's confidant i think that the problem is a lot more apparent here the main bulk of this confidant story focuses on this girl named aiko and her relationship with a shady host named sukasa who's infamous for taking advantage of young girls and forcing them to work for illegal businesses the confidant focuses on makoto and ren trying to get to the bottom of these rumors and trying to convince aiko that her new boyfriend is bad news the problem i have with this story is that it's so interested in the ico stuff that makoto doesn't feel like the central focus at all you could very easily tell this exact same story with another character and nothing would change makoto doesn't get enough focus for the story to be justified as her own confidant there are a few ranks where we do learn about makoto but it's very brief the rank 7 confidant event is one of the only examples of this story putting an emphasis on makoto as a character her family has ties to the police and we learned that her father was assassinated when he tried to expose a gang of criminals it's because of this that sai her older sister became a prosecutor to begin with it seems like this where we get a taste into makoto's home life that really make me wish we had more time spent on it that's way more interesting to me than this other girl that only exists in this confidant this suffers a lot from the same problems that ons confidant does but it's even worse here since there was at least some closure with ann and shiho the modeling stuff was at least also an already established part of her character too even though it wasn't a huge aspect of on as a person i would have definitely preferred a story that focused more on makoto as an individual over what we ended up getting maybe tell a story that revolves around her personal beliefs of what justice should be or maybe even focus on her family reputation and the expectations that come along with that when she's introduced in the main story it's mentioned that she has expectations as anijima so maybe the confident could have been about her feelings towards her family name even if i ignore what could have been there's no denying that this confidant suffers greatly from the way it's presented show don't tell is a common rule that atlas surprisingly struggles with a lot when it comes to persona social links in makoto's case there's way too many scenes where instead of showing us new information involving aiko and her boyfriend were instead just told it by makoto there are a few interesting moments such as having to pretend to be makoto's boyfriend and go on a double date to advance the story but stuff like that is pretty rare overall i think that this comment has pretty boring storytelling and is a missed opportunity to flesh out this not a fan number 5 the hermit futaba sakura futaba is a young girl who shut herself off from the outside world due to her past trauma without giving too much away now the main story focuses on her coping with that trauma and her confidant is the aftermath of those events with the logical next step a good majority of the story focuses on futaba being reintroduced to real world interactions and filling out the promises she made with ren these tasks would involve doing things such as visiting shoojin academy interacting with people her own age and going to a place with lots of people this is honestly what about half of her confidant amounts to we get to spend time with futaba and get a good idea of what her personality is like futaba is someone who for the past few years pretty much lived exclusively on the internet almost all of her social interactions came from online chat rooms and forum posts just by looking at a room and seeing her lifestyle you can tell that she's a shut-in something that bothers me about futaba's confidant is that it doesn't feel as though there was enough content to justify the 10 rank format in rank 6 we're introduced to the idea that futaba had a childhood friend growing up who was abused by their parents when futaba found out about this her friend pushed her away and futaba lied to her mother about what happened still wrapped up with guilt from these events futaba wants to write her wrongs and change the hearts of the girl's parents this is the first confident i'm talking about that brings up the idea of changing someone's heart for the sake of progressing the story there are quite a few confidants that require you to visit mementos and fight a shadow i've heard from people that momentos is a cheap way of solving the character's problems and diminishes character growth i don't really agree with this statement first of all other than one exception the mementos requests appear near the end of the confidant stories the one outlier is also used before you start the confidant with that certain so i don't even really count that one to begin with by this point the confidant the character in question has already found their resolve and are making strides to better themselves as people in order for these characters to fully make that leap the phantom thieves change the hearts of the people who are keeping them down correct me if i'm wrong but isn't that the entire point of this group to be an inspiration to the people around them and to give a voice to the people who have been unfairly treated by the world i think that it makes perfect sense that momentous is used throughout the as it would be completely against the phantom thieves agenda if they ignored people who are suffering if the complaint people have is that this makes some confidants feel formulaic then i can totally see why someone would think that the social links in the modern persona games are pretty formulaic to an extent but persona 5s is more noticeable as you on multiple occasions are forced to go to mementos for the sake of advancing the story but i don't see how this is any worse than the previous two games where the protagonists are the ones to bring the change in people the difference here is that persona 5 has a more hands-on method than just being the shoulder for someone to brace themselves on until they're ready to be on their own sorry to get a bit off topic but i know if i didn't address this now then someone would bring it up anyways back to futaba the characters and scenario that is introduced in our rank 6 event is completely different from the stuff that came before it leading me to believe that this story was written by multiple people two different writers with conflicting ideas coming to a compromise by including both of these ideas into one story this leads to both of these ideas feeling underdeveloped and also having the effect of the confidant being unfocused at the very least we do get to spend time with futaba as a character which depending on how you feel about her can be a good or a bad thing number six the empress haru okumura haru's confidant much like use case of futaba's focuses on the aftermath of their introduction in the main story in haru's case her story largely surrounds her relationships with the okumar's food company and her role in it after her father's death while also sprinkling in a bit of her gardening hobbity for good measure one of the main topics dealt in harvard's confidant's story is the idea of doing things for yourself rather than blindly following what would be good for others since her dad passed away haru is now the most valuable asset to the company is constantly being pressured into either selling stocks for the company or going through with the arranged marriage proposal what this confidante really focuses on is haru learning to live life and make decisions for herself rather than just being complacent with what others tell her to do this was something that was brought up during the okumara arc in the main story but ends up being the driving point for haru's character development what haru desires the most is to bring the company back to its roots and run it the way her grandfather did but in order to do that she's going to have to learn to speak up for herself and become confident in her decisions these are the things that she ends up picking up from spending time with ren what i really like about this confidant is just how much time we get to spend with haru as a person we learn what she wants and what she fears and even goes through moments where she doubts herself it reminds me of how persona 4 handled party members social links where the main story is used to give us an insight into their issues while the social links were used to help them overcome these flaws i wouldn't say that any of these ranks are wasted and the story idea matches perfectly with the character i actually really did enjoy this one and if you thought that hardwood lacked enough time to shine then this gives us a lot more to bite into it's pretty solid in my eyes number 7 the moon yuki mashima for those of you who follow me on twitter then you may have seen me discuss mashina in the past i regard his character and this confidant very highly not just because i think it's a well told story but because mishima is a far more relatable and realistic character than what people give him credit for dare i say that i think he's pretty underrated for a little introduction mishima is introduced during the kamoshira arc he's one of the members of the volleyball team and was forced to endure the abuse that was running rampant throughout the school mishima discovers rather quickly that ren and ryuji were behind kombushita's sudden change of heart and decides that he wants to support their noble cause he creates the phantom thieves aficionado website so people can vote in polls and even request changes of heart this is how the momentous requests are contextualized in universe as mishima will text wren about certain things going on in tokyo mashima's sort of like your guy in the chair and specializes in giving intel to the phantom thieves mishima's confidant focuses on learning about him as an individual and how his newfound purpose slowly begins to corrupt him since he's the admin of the fan site he's no doubt a valuable asset to the phantom thieves and their cause but where mishima falters that he lets the hype surrounding the phantom thieves and his own involvement get to his ego throat is confident we see mishima slowly become more corrupt doing things such as attempting to misuse donation money and attempting to send phantom fees after people who aren't doing anything wrong mostly using it as a stun to boost the popularity of the group obviously when things start to get out of hand the team takes action and finds mashima shadow in the metaverse this scene gives us a pretty good insight into his mindset while running the fan site in his mind the phantom thief's success only comes from mishima's hard work with public relations his shadow really highlights his grandiose sense of self while acknowledging that he secretly feared the phantom thieves would turn on him but what exactly led mishima down this dark path to begin with is something that's overlooked when discussing his even though it's presented right in the player's face during the scene before the phantom thieves mishima was an outcast he had nothing special going for him and was the target of both kamashita's abuse as well as frequent bullying in middle school this was something that mishima had to begrudgingly accept about himself that is until he discovered that ren was a member of the phantom thieves after seeing someone who he considered a close friend do these amazing things for the world mishima couldn't help but yearn for the same attention that the group he admired received it's the reason as to why he spent so much time dedicating himself to the phantom thieves in the back of mishima's mind he thought if he were to push his idols further into the spotlight he'd be able to make a name for himself as well though as we see throughout his confidant this desperate desire to be someone special ended up leading mishima down a destructive path without really realizing it he became someone who was willing to abuse their position of power for selfish gain he himself became the bullies that he despised but the thing i like the most about mishima's confidant is that his resolve doesn't come from a forced change of instead it involves ren confronting mishima shadow and helps him realize that he's going down the wrong path instead of forcing the change he instead leaves it at the mashima to discover where he went wrong and gives him the chance to better himself which does end up happening near the end of the confidant i really don't understand the hate that this character gets when i look at mishima i don't just see an annoying kid who's obsessed with the phantom thieves i see a victim of abuse who doesn't want to be in that position anymore someone who wants to be recognized but ends up losing his way for a short time only to be steered back onto the right path thanks to a close friend and becomes a better person through those experiences i find this confidant super compelling and it's one of my favorite ones in the game it's so disheartening that mishima is written off so much because he's an annoying character there's so much more to him than just that trait and i hope i managed to bring a new perspective to the conversation number 8 the star hifumi togo hifumi's confidant is a pretty standard one but this comes with the consequence of being somewhat unremarkable and honestly forgettable she's a competitive shogi player and her confidant focuses on her feelings towards the game along with a relationship with her mother hifumi wants to become a great shogi player like her father was but her mother was more focused on hifumi's public image than anything else she constantly sets up photoshoots and interviews for her daughter in order to live life through hifumi indulging in the fame that she desperately desired for herself kifumi's mother even goes as far as suggesting that hifumi should throw her match against a professional in order to boost her popularity the idea here is that hifumi's mom has been so enraptured by the media attention surrounding the family that hifumi is more of a tool for success rather than being a person to her once we learn this information ren and the others take a trip to memento so that they can change ifumi's mother's heart once the change of heart occurs ifumi's mother admits to her daughter that many of the matches she participated in were actually rigged in her favor this briefly causes her to question her own shogi abilities but she ends up getting over this rather quickly despite all of this hifumi does attempt to play against a professional player and gets absolutely destroyed by them but this was a positive experience in her eyes because she was able to face a shogi player in a fair and square match yeah this confidant really didn't do it for me a lot of this story is mostly spent setting up the basics for the character of hifumi but never fully exploring many of the more interesting sides of her we learned that her father was a pro shogi player who ended up retiring due to an illness and that hifumi herself wants to go pro in order to support her family another idea that's brought up is the fact that she doesn't care about the photo shoots or the interviews because her passion lies in the game itself and not so much the idol lifestyle that would come along with that none of this is ever explored past his initial introduction and that's a shame because it would have made hifumi a far more fleshed out what baffles me is that hifumi has almost no reaction to learning that her past games were rigged all that we get is her affirmation that she's going to give it her all and prove to herself that her shogi skills were more than just a fabrication if this twist was revealed much earlier in the story it could have honestly made the confidant more compelling as of right now hifumi doubting herself is just a single throwaway line in her rank 8 event before she quickly regains her resolve this should have been explored more so that there are more stakes to the confidant outside of this situation involving her mother maybe show a scene where hifumi initially wants to back down from playing her match against the pro before going to her father for guidance he could act as the spark needed for hifumi to rediscover her love for shogi the rank 9 scene can be the same where she loses with pride but now we have a new context behind those events that are a lot more personal i think the biggest problem i have with hifumi's confidant is that not a whole lot really happens in it for me to stay interested we learn different aspects of her character but none of it's used to craft much of a compelling story around it hifumi is a somewhat fleshed out character because we learn what she likes dislikes her hopes her motivation for playing shogi but that's about all we get i see a lot of people discussing how much they like her character online but i don't really see much discussion surrounding the actual confidant story itself which probably goes to show where the priority was when the writers made this story if you're the kind of person who enjoys confidants more so for hanging out with the characters then i can see why you would enjoy this but for someone like myself who enjoys the confidant format more so for telling interesting smaller scale stories then there really isn't much to sink your teeth into i'm hesitant to call it bad but there's a reason as to why i tend to forget many aspects surrounding this confidant number 9 the tower shinya oda shinya is an elementary schooler who spends most of his time at the arcade in akihabara he's an expert at the game called gun about and his skills earned him the nickname of the gamer king shinya's confidant focuses on his relationship with his peers as well as his own mother we learned somewhat early on that the young boy's family situation isn't exactly glamorous his mother and father divorced recently and it's been a very rough time for them his mom has been under a lot of stress because she now has to provide for her son on her own which leads to frequent moments of her snapping at the littlest issues when the kids at shinyu's school find out about the complaints she's been making they begin to bully him for it something that this confidante does really well is highlighting shinya's wart perspective of these events since he's just a kid he doesn't fully understand what's going on with his mother and ends up blaming himself for not only the divorce but for causing his mom's stress too he refers to the bullying he sees as an act of war and that the kids are only doing this to him because he's weak this is the reason as to why shinya spends so much time dedicated to practicing at the arcade in shinya's point of view him being the best at gun about equates to having some sort of strength or authority at least amongst his peers shinyu's perspective spawned from his own mothers since she's been so stressed with raising the boy on her own she ends up developing a very toxic behavior we learn from her shadow that the world doesn't care about single mothers like herself she needs to be strong to support her kid and how everyone else is our enemy we can see this mindset start to rub off on shinya as he himself starts to act more antagonistic towards his peers it's only when he realizes that he's no better than the criminals that the phantom tees go after is when he starts to make changes to himself out of all of the social links involving kid characters in this series i'd probably say that shinya is my least favorite this confidant is a bit messy since he's trying to do too much at once this leads to some ideas not feeling as well developed as others for example there's a few ranks dedicated to a pro player that beats shunya because he cheated at gun about but it doesn't really feel necessary to this story at all it would have flowed much better if this derailment was cut out and instead we fully focus on the idea of shinya solely adopting his mom's toxic behaviors i can't say i'm the biggest fan of shinya's confidant but i wouldn't go as far as saying it's bad there's at least a compelling story that's trying to be told here but it just has a less than stellar execution number 10 the temperance sadayo kawakami kawakami is rent's homeroom teacher at school not too long into the game we discover that she's actually moonlighting as a maid in order to earn money the reason for doing so isn't exactly clear at first and kawakami doesn't give the truth of the situation though after spending enough time with her she eventually does come clean it turns out that kawakami has been making payments to the takase family the reason why she does this is because she feels responsible for the death of their child takasei was a bit of a problem student to the teachers at kawakami's old school and she was assigned to have him transferred away but after meeting a young boy it turns out he wasn't a bad kid apparently takase was an orphan child who was forced to work multiple part-time jobs in order to get by this caused his academic performance to falter as he had no time to study kawakami decided to privately tutor tokase so that his transfer could be avoided eventually she had to distance herself from the boy due to some dark rumors surrounding the two this emotionally crushed him and while on his way home from one of his jobs he ended up getting into a car accident which resulted in his death kawakami was racked in guilt because of these events and takasei's guardians blamed her for what happened they used this opportunity to blackmail her into giving them money so that they wouldn't reveal the truth these demands are the reason as to why she began to moonlight as a maid takasei's guardians demand an insane amount of money from her which is well above her teacher's salary kawakami has to overwork herself to the point of collapse in order to meet their demands what i really like about this reveal is that it not only recontextualizes a lot of the earlier scenes involving her character but it opens up the avenue to explore her character on an emotional kawakami is someone who was first presented in a pretty negative light she comes off as someone who doesn't care about her students and sees any attempt at connecting with them a bother this is something that's established pretty early on in the game when she describes ren as a problem child in actuality kawakami is the exact opposite as the game made her out to be kawakami genuinely cares about her students and loves her teaching job but in a moment of weakness and fear she ended up going against her morals and backing away from a student in need kawakami's character from here on out is learning to cope with the guilt and eventually realizes that the best way to honor takase would be to become a better teacher extend other people the kindness that she showed him i think that this is a really interesting story for this character but it sadly isn't perfect there were a few ranks in this confidant that feel wasted in a sense that we learned no new information about kawakami or advance her story i understand that these scenes are supposed to establish that she's being overworked by takasei's guardians because she begins to develop a cough and talks about how exhausted she's been feeling but this is stuff that could have easily been implemented during other scenes where the plot is advancing and the pacing would have been improved other than that i actually really did enjoy this confidant story we learned a lot about kawakami and it's satisfying to take down to casey's guardians near the end of it number 11 the sun turonosuke yoshida yoshida is a politician looking to steer the country into a better direction he's an ex-member of the national diet and has become quite infamous due to his failings in the position these are known as no good torah's three strikes and the nickname even persists with him to this very day due to this infamy yoshida has a lot of self-esteem issues he even freezes up in the middle of a political speech because someone reminds him of his past this confidant mostly focuses on improving yoshida's self-esteem and learning more about him on a personal level it's a simple story for a simple character and there isn't much in terms of deep analysis to be had throughout the confidant yoshida slowly gains confidence in himself thanks to ren and actually ends up gaining a decent following from his speeches the name no-good torah eventually stops being a shackle holding yoshida down he instead uses the infamy that name brings in order to illustrate how people are able to change when given a second chance during yoshida's youth he became a politician only for the sake of power and the popularity of the position would provide but after his own failings and having time for them to stick he is able to eventually realize that there is a change that needs to be made to the country something that yoshida is confident really succeeds at is affirming how corrupt the political sphere of this country actually is people selling out their beliefs for the sake of guaranteeing themselves a position of power and eternal blackmailing to keep certain people bound to the least of their superiors this is the main reason as to why yoshida is able to sympathize with the phantom thieves without really knowing much about them he understands the feeling of wanting to make a change to the status quo and even correctly assumes that the group is composed of people who've been unfairly treated by those in power we do eventually learn that the embezzlement scandal that ruined yoshida's credibility was actually a false accusation made by his old mentor and when given the opportunity to get revenge on the one who wronged him yoshida instead declines the offer yoshida is firm it is believed to change the country but he wants to do it through legitimate means i like yoshida's confidant but as i said earlier there isn't much to discuss that isn't already just explained to the player i think that the pacing is solid no rank really feels wasted at all and the story ramps up at a constant rate the reason as to why i don't consider this one great is because there isn't much emotional investment for me personally i think it's a solid story with a good payoff but it doesn't have that emotional kick for me the idea here is to not let your failings define you and to always stick to your beliefs even if they aren't popular and i think it's done well enough here but i don't personally relate to the struggle to begin with i can see why this is considered to be a lot of people's favorite confidant but i just don't share the same perspective number 12 death tie to kemi takemi is a back alley doctor who's stationed at young ganjaya in terms of gameplay this place acts as the store where he approaches hp restoration items in context of the world and thus confidant she sells these items in exchange of using ren as a test subject for her medicine her confidant is one of the better non-party member ones in my opinion it manages to balance multiple ideas that all end up coming together near the end of it we learned that tekemi used to work at a university hospital but was fired after she was accused of a disastrous medical error there was this young girl named mima who was suffering from a very rare medical condition and takemi was trying to create a medicine in order to treat it however this ended up not going as planned as miwa ended up falling into a coma because of said medicine tsukemi ended up taking the blame for this mistake and it's revealed that she's been trying to perfect the medicine in her own free time to make things right that's the general core of takemi's story she wants to regain her credibility while also earning the forgiveness of the girl she failed but there's a lot more supplementary material to be found throughout the confidant the first few ranks do a really good job at establishing to cami's personality while also giving us a taste of her dark past before fully revealing it there aren't any of what i would consider to be wasted ranks since everything is relevant until the end of the story there's a scene about halfway through that shows takami having to take in a sick child because she was turned away from the hospital takemi's going to charge an outrageous price for her services that is until she hears that the person who turned the girl away was her old boss named oyamada after hearing that name she decides that she wouldn't charge the dad for helping them out this naturally leads into takami telling us about who oyamata is and what exactly happened that got her fired oh yamada is even revealed to be takami's antagonist starting with rank 7 along with some dark information involving the clinical trial oyamata ends up being a target for the phantom thieves because he's actively trying to crush to kemi's business and even almost succeeds at that when confronting his shadow we see that he only gotten as far as he has in the medical industry because of nepotism and resents to kemi for her skill he even went as far as lying about meewa's death in order to ruin her credibility and protect his own reputation changing oyamata's heart doesn't discredit to kami's character development since her resolve to help others and even a slight repairment of her reputation came from her own actions and not the phantom thieves just because they ultimately helped to kemi in her time of need that doesn't mean her choices in development up until this happens to suddenly be nullified mementos has just used to give to kimmy one last push and clear up any misconceptions overall i like this confidant a lot as i mentioned earlier there aren't any wasted scenes and i think that our character is well-rounded since this confident is unlocked at the start of the game you get a good first impression of the type of stories you're going to be experiencing number 13 the fortune chihaya mufune this confidant requires a decent amount of effort to initiate and honestly feels like it's mostly being done out of spite chihaya is a fortune teller whose booth is located in the red light district of shinjuku she's selling people these bogus holy stones for an insane amount of money and even ends up tricking ren into buying one the main core of this story is the conversation of whether or not fate is absolute chihaya uses tarot cards in order to predict the future she sees her readings as absolute and that there's no use in fighting against it you'll be better off just being a slave to fate and enduring whatever downfalls it may entail ren and by extension the phantom thieves believe that you can change the course of your life if you have the drive and willpower to stand up against fate or powers greater than your own the first few ranks of the company are dedicated to showing jahaya that there's plenty of merit with standing up against fate as ren attends her fortune readings he offers advice to those struggling in life by giving them a new perspective or words of encouragement chihaya's tarot readings end up changing to a more positive outcome convinced that ren's ability to defy fate is real the course of the confidant then changes to whether or not chihaya can defy her own fate we learn a lot about shahi's past and her current situation in tokyo jihya was originally from a small traditional mountain village she made a name for herself by using her fortune telling skills to predict the future however when she began to predict natural disasters the people of the village turned on her blaming chahaya for those disasters her house was burned down as she was run out of the village jahaya was eventually discovered by a cult calling themselves the assembly of the divine power they ended up manipulating her by saying that she was a real psychic and getting her to sell holy stones to her customers even though that deep down she knew that they didn't work jahia only went along with it because she wanted to be with a group that didn't consider her a monster like her village did it's through spending time with ren and seeing how he's able to make changes in faith that she's able to find the courage to stand up against the cult once we get a hold of the cult leader's the phantom thieves make it their mission to hunt his shadow down in mementos and have him put a stop to all of his shady businesses the lesson that shahiah learns from all this is that people shouldn't rely strictly on fortune telling or superstitions to dictate the course of their lives thinking for yourself and taking action on your own is the only way to make any sort of meaningful change in a way the lesson here is like a miniature version of the game's overall themes i think that chihaya's confidant is pretty decent overall much like yoshida's there isn't a whole lot for me to really analyze pretty much most of what i said there applies here it's a standard persona socialing story and has a good execution but lacks any sort of personal investment on my end number 14 the hanged man munahisa ey ey is the owner of untouchable airsoft which acts as the game's weapon and armor store early on in the game you assist ey with some shady business involving an incredibly life-like airsoft gun and can even start a confidant with him once your courage is at least rank 4. this confidant revolves around ewi's job and his responsibility of his adoptive son kyoru we learned early on that ey is an ex-yakaza member and the first few ranks of his story are dedicated to ren assisting him in his shady business practices it's around rank 5 when the real conflict is introduced ey is being blackmailed by a man named suda he's using ey's past as a bargaining chip if ey doesn't do what suda says he's going to tell keouru the truth about why iwa took him in along with his ties to the yakuza it turns out that kiyoru's blood mother tried to sell her baby off to ey for some drug money when he refused she ended up abandoning him anyway so ey took the boy in he ended up having to leave his clan in his old life in order to take care of his new son ey doesn't want kyouru to learn the truth and get held back by it ey telling ren all this really shows how much he trusts him ey is probably one of the coolest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] characters in the game and it's a shame he isn't talked about that much his confidant is not only intriguing but it's also immediately exciting not too long into the story ey is able to relate to ren since both of them know the feeling having a bad reputation forced onto them and how it affects their daily lives we learn a lot about ewi's upbringing and the reason as to why he joined the yakuza in the first place he had a rough childhood his parents were low lives and that family name held him back from achieving anything for himself there wasn't anything else he could do other than joining a clan ey desperately wants to be the parent that he never had growing up and guarantee a good future for his son adopted or not keoru is family to ey and by the end of the confidant even considers ren to be a part of it my favorite scene in the confidence has to be near the end after suda has a change of heart and his excommunicated from the yakuza his lackey masa kidnaps kyouru and holds him at knifepoint ey is forced to tell kiaro the truth in order to protect him kyoru accepts the past for what it is he doesn't care about what happened back then and he won't let this revelation ruin the relationship he has with his dad no matter what that's some powerful [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it only works as well as it does because we got plenty of time to spend with these i think ey's confidant is pretty great overall his character is really fleshed out and the story he's involved with is super interesting i was pretty invested in this character because he has a strong moral code and just wants to be a good dad so his son can live a good life he's willing to go as far as die for him for that to happen what can i say i'm just a sucker for good dad stories of my persona games speaking of which number 15 the hierophant sojiro sakura sojiro is ren's caretaker while he spends the year attending shujin academy he reminds me a lot of dojima in persona 4. both are of the hierophant arcana and their confidants have a heavy focus on their relationships with their daughters what makes this confidant interesting is that you can't fully complete it until futaba joins the main party you can complete the first few ranks no problem but then you'll need to wait a long ass time until you're able to progress it anymore i don't really think the game does a good enough job at telling you this because you can waste a lot of evenings trying to rank up sojiro this only applies for first time players but it's bothered me since the game came out anyways sojiro's confidant takes until rank 5 for things to really get started we learned that futaba's uncle and sojour are in a constant battle for futaba's custody when futaba's mother passed away she was originally supposed to stay with her uncle as he was the only relative willing to take her in but after witnessing the abuse she went through while living with him sojuro decided that he needed to step in soju and futaba's uncle yuji ishiki come to an agreement that soldier will have custody over futaba as long as he makes payments when asked this has resulted in soju getting extorted out of large sums of money in order to keep futaba safe he can't refuse either as yuji would just sue sojiro for custody and thanks to the corrupt justice system he would end up winning in the end the main use of this confidant is to tie up any loose ends and answer some questions posed in the main story despite sojuro being futaba's caretaker the two have a very strained relationship thanks to futaba's past trauma and her shut-in lifestyle there wasn't any way that soju could easily reach out to her all he ended up doing was making sure she ate and gave her housing in a way he blames himself for her becoming this way an aspect of sojiro's confidant is him battling with the idea of whether or not he's even fit to take care of futaba he genuinely wonders if him taking her away from her blood family was even the correct decision something that he admits to somewhat latent to his confidant is that he's actively trying to avoid any sort of conflict that comes with a genuine relationship he'd rather just take a back seat and let things sort themselves out than actively get involved in them though it's through spending time with ren that he's able to gain a new he always told himself to never step out of line and just deal with the hand you're dealt with in life to guarantee yourself an easy way out of trouble but soju learns that there is always something worth fighting for and even if there is conflict as a result that shouldn't demotivate you into just being idle i like sojiro a lot as a character but a problem i have is just the pacing of this story the first half of the confidant is completely irrelevant to the rest of the sure it sets up the appearance of yuji and even teases the existence of futaba and wakaba before they're mentioned in the main plot but other than that we don't get anything else out of it if these starting ranks were removed i really don't think the overall confidence would have been affected that much on the opposite end i think the latter ranks go by way too fast the idea is supposed to be that sojiro solely begins to feel more attached to ren throughout the story and this gives him the courage to finally take that first step into rebuilding his relationship with futaba the problem i have is that not enough time is given to this aspect of the story for it to feel natural in the span of a single rank he realizes where he went wrong and clears things up with futaba to the point where there's no issues between the two of them it's almost as if we ran out of space for ranks so the conclusion was quickly rushed in overall it's a fine story that should have had more breathing room how about just lock soju is confident away completely until after futaba's palace then we can have the entire story focused on the relationship rather than just the second half i think this would go a long way in fixing the issues that are presented here number 16 the devil ichiko oh yeah oh yeah is a journalist that the phantom thieves used for intel during the second and third palace of the game once you unlock her confidant you can find her located at the crossroad bar in shinjuku this confidante gets a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] online and in all honesty it isn't stellar in fact i struggled to call it particularly good overall the main use of this confidant is to foreshadow the influence of the late game antagonist masayoshi shido while also giving us a glimpse of what happens to the people who cross him oh yeah was originally working to expose a scandal involving someone connected to shito oya's partner ko made a big break in the story but not too long after that the investigation was swiftly canned and swept under the rug shido's associate was found dead the following day and ko vanished without a trace oh yeah was also forced off the investigation because of her professional relationship with ko this has caused her to have a more cynical outlook on the world and has been the main feel for her drinking habits in her free time however oh yes slowly begins to investigate the case on her own in order to discover the truth all the while her boss is trying his hardest to flood her with work to keep that from happening this is a very interesting story on paper i really like how it's connected to the main plot but it's still justifiable as its own standalone experience the execution however leaves a lot to be desired show don't tell is a common rule in media and i think oes confidant is crippled because of it it's a very hands-off story where most of it is told to us through oe's own words rather than experiencing any of it ourselves part of the reason why ey has such a great confidant is because we're actively participating in the story and ren's actions are what helps ey gets through his rough patch in life in oya's confidant rena is mostly used as a brick wall for her to spill her problems at a lot of the confinement feels as though it solves itself rather than us the player having much of an impact on it other than changing the heart of oes boss so she can finally pursue the truth we don't really end up supporting her as much as i'd like to i don't really think the confidant is well executed is probably one of my least favorite ones in the game i don't have the same overwhelming hatred towards her as most people do i mean as a character oya is perfectly fine and the story has good intentions but it's the execution of said story that's pretty boring to sit through number 17 the strength caroline and just like margaret from persona 4 there's a confidant dedicated to the new velvet room assistants the way you rank up the confidant is also the same as margaret's social link you need to fulfill the fusion requests that are handed out to you and by completing the tasks you're rewarded with another rank while i do find this to be a slight improvement over margaret's confidant a lot of the same issues sadly still apply nothing of substance happens in this confidant other than foreshadowing the true nature of the twins every scene plays out almost the exact same as well with caroline and justine giving backhanded compliments towards joker while also experiencing some deja vu it gets super repetitive after a while because of this i can't even say we learn anything new about caroline and justine's personalities either since we honestly learn a lot more about them through their menu interactions than anything so we already have a clear idea what these characters are like and this confidant doesn't offer anything new to us story-wise so is this confidant even necessary to the game or was this done because margaret had a social link i have a slight feeling that the answer is the latter persona 5 royal does introduce the ability to hang out with the twins outside of the velvet room and i really do appreciate this inclusion we get to see their wildly different reactions to normal everyday places like a burger joint or the aquarium honestly even though this is mostly just a callback to the elizabeth dates and p3 this stuff would have worked out way better as the compound than what we ended up getting in the vanilla game i really do enjoy caroline and justine's characters they're probably my favorite velvet room characters in the series but i'm super disappointed with this decision it's easily the worst confidant in the game no questions number 18 the counselor takato maruki dr maraki is introduced right after the kamshida incident goes public marooki takes his job very seriously and genuinely wants to help these kids cope with the horrible events he offers running the others the opportunity to visit him when they have the chance to he's a limited time confidant however and needs to be maxed out before he leaves the school in the middle of november if you want to access the third semester while these counseling sessions initially start off with maruki learning about ren his criminal record and what he endured with kamashita the conversation eventually takes a turn marquis reveals that he's been researching cognitive science and wants to better the world with it he's writing a paper on the human heart and asks ren to his system in conducting research really this just means having ren listen to different theories about the subject and see if any of them sparks inspiration this confidant focuses almost entirely on his research while also giving us a look into where his philosophy originated from marquis believes that emotional pain shouldn't exist in the world he wants to find a way to understand the human heart so we can locate someone's emotional pain and treat it in his own words it would be like using an antibiotic to treat a physical wound his motivations actually come from personal experience maruki's fiance at the time roomie experienced a very tragic event that left a deep emotional scar on her a burglar broke into roomies family home and attacked her parents out of desperation the criminal attacked her as well while her physical wounds healed the mental toll that this took on her was intense marookie seeing his lover suffer from post-traumatic episodes left a huge impact on him as well he found that one day that he would find a way to treat these sorts of emotional scars so that no one would have to go through that pain ever again muraki despises the cruel unfairness of reality and wants nothing more than to help people who've been wronged that's what's at the core of his research paper as well as the main topic of the story this confidant honestly surprised me when i first played the game i really enjoyed how thoughtful this confidant was and just how well marooky's character was developed throughout we learn a lot about the guy in the way he thinks while also discovering that he himself isn't immune to emotional pain he's genuinely a really nice guy and wants the best for people i also really like the topics that it brings up such as the idea of people giving something value due to the scarcity of it and how collective human thinking can have an impact on the world it has great pacing a well-developed central character some genuine emotion to it and is super relevant for royals third semester let's just say that i have more to talk about involving marookie later in this video when it comes to the individual confidante discussions that's about all i had to talk about in terms of my overall thoughts on these stories i'd like a good majority of them but there were also quite a few that missed the mark for me in my opinion the highs don't quite reach the same level as some of the ones from p3 and p4 but there's also the fact that the lows aren't nearly as rough as those ones too especially when compared to persona 3 which had a lot of social links i really didn't like i mentioned it earlier but because of the inclusion of mementos requests the confidants feel far more formulaic this time around the social links in previous games all followed a pretty simple guideline we'd meet a new character and after getting to know them for a bit we learned their insecurities or life issues that they're going through and eventually help them overcome said issues because of how generalized and non-specific this formula is a lot of different stories can be told with social links the confidante structure persona 5 puts an inherent limit on what kind of stories can be offered here if you were to strip away the character specifics from the confidants and look at how all of them are structured then you'll notice just how similar the confidants really are almost every confidant revolves around an individual who's been wronged by someone of greater power than them as the protagonist it's your job to not only mend the wounds caused by the injustice but also use your power as a phantom thief to change the hearts of the individual who wronged your a good majority of confidants follow this same structure which leads them to feeling somewhat samey at the end of the day of course there are a few outliers to this formula such as mishima and yoshida but a good majority of confidants are structured like this this makes some of the stories themselves feel a bit more predictable but i wouldn't say that it cripples my enjoyment of what's offered as i said earlier momentous doesn't negate character growth and makes sense in context of who the phantom thieves are as people and fits their motives i would find it completely out of character if ren didn't step in and try to handle the situation since he knows the feeling of being wronged by society and doesn't want anyone else to go through the same the momentous requests pop up near the end of a character's arc when they've already found their new resolve and want to better themselves the phantom thieves just give them the opportunity to finally spread their wings so all in all i like the confidants in this game while the inclusion of mementos can make them feel a bit too formulaic at times it doesn't detract from the overall stories that are trying to be told here anyways with all the gameplay and confidence out of the way it's time to dive into the meat of persona 5's main plot this is a controversial topic to discuss i've seen a lot of people sing this story's praises and just as many hold the opinion that it's disappointing when compared to the other entries in the i personally lean on the more positive side of this discussion but that doesn't mean i'm going to ignore the areas where this story falls flat even though i like persona 5's plot and i think it gets a little too much [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that doesn't mean that i think it's perfect before we get started with the characters i believe i should mention my thoughts on the way this story is as i said early on in this video persona 5 uses size interrogation of joker as the framing device for this narrative this means that almost everything we experience takes place before he was arrested at the start of the game the flashback plot setup works very well when it comes to hooking players in right away but i honestly think that it ends up doing more harm than good to the way the story is structured every time you establish a confidant start a new story arc and a story arc or even just when the game feels like it you'll be thrusted back to the present for size interrogation i dislike this for a few reasons first of all most of these scenes are used to repeat information that we already learned from playing the game i get the idea of wanting to remind players of relevant story details but that could have easily been solved by checking the game's glossary but the main reason as to why i dislike this is because the game just flat out spoils certain story events for you the palace rulers are all revealed through these interrogation scenes and in my opinion i think that this kind of ruins the idea of player agency when it's psy establishing who rules the palace it doesn't feel like the phantom thieves themselves are the ones making the decisions but instead are just following the game's script for example moderame is the second palace ruler and there's a scene where the phantom deeds discuss whether or not he has a palace they just met the guy and he seems to be a very innocent old man however the game already told me that he has a palace and the phantom thieves exposed him while the characters themselves don't have the knowledge i do at the end of the day i'm still in control of these characters there's no tension for me now since i already know that the mission was a success and the phantom thieves are still going to be operating after this there are a few effective uses of this narrative device however the medjad incident because the media had no idea futaba's palace or her involvement since it never went public the reveal of cytonium as palace works as a great oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moment when she shows you that she herself got a calling card and finally the reveal of goro akechi's betrayal however these three good uses of this narrative structure doesn't make up for the over 20 times i think it's misused i would have preferred it if we had the same story but it's told in a linear fashion while this would have made the yakachi twist weaker i think that the tension of the characters knowing his betrayal is coming would completely recontextualize their actions during that story arc of course this doesn't ruin the story but it's how i've always felt about flashback narratives and i'm not going to make an exception because of the few good uses of it anyways on to the main meat of this discussion i want to talk about the main party members first since i've already discussed their confidants i just want to give a brief overview of their introductions to the story and my overall thoughts on how their characters were executed let's start off with the game's best friend character ryuji sakamoto since ryuji is one of the first party members in the game i already somewhat went over his origins he's the next member of the track and field team who suffered a lot from he's a very brash and hot-headed individual who isn't afraid to speak his mind this combined with ryuji's short temper at times lands the group into hot water on more than one occasion though at the end of the day ryuji definitely has a heart of gold and genuinely wants the best for the people around him ryuji is one of the few characters in the game whose main story arc lasts throughout most of the runtime while he takes phantom thieves business very seriously and genuinely wants to make changes to society he can't help but end up getting caught up in the hype of it all in ryuji's own words he wants to change the world with a bang throughout the start of the game we see that ryuji's desire for fame and popularity end up taking priority over his initial goals he actively encourages the rest of the team to try to up themselves when it comes to who they target even somewhat early on he suggested they go after the ceo of a company for the sake of getting attention on more than one occasion ryuji even tosses the idea around of revealing his identity as a phantom thief ryuji's character arc after he's introduced is him losing sight of what's important before rediscovering why the phantom thieves exists to begin with i think that this is a perfectly realistic flaw with his character for the longest time he was considered an outcast because of the kamashita incident and began to distance himself from everyone by acting like a thug so the fact that he's making a difference in the world and receiving praise for it makes him yearn for more this excitement leads him to act carelessly on multiple occasions it's because of ryuju that makoto finds of who the phantompies are his obsession with fame is also one of the main instigators to the momentary breakup during the okumara arc but i'm getting a little bit ahead of myself ryuji gets a lot of flack from players because he can be pretty obnoxious and i can't help but feel as though that group specifically missed the point he's just a teenager at the end of the day so it's totally believable that the notoriety of the phantom thieves would have an effect on him his main character arc is him stumbling a bit before getting back on track and realizing that the popularity wasn't the reason as to why he fights for justice there's also the fact that on multiple occasions he can directly call out ryuji for being full of himself ryuji is one of my favorite members of the phantom thieves because not only does he have a strong arc in the main story but a solid confidant that wraps up any loose ends with his character for me personally ryuji never crossed the line of being endearingly obnoxious to being flat-out infuriating which really shows how much restraint alice had with his character next up the bat is on much like ryuji she's introduced during the kamashita arc ana is a foreigner who doesn't have many friends outside of her best friend shiho on was forced to endure kamashita's advances for the sake of keeping shiho on the volleyball team but ends up joining the phantom thieves when her friend attempts to commit suicide after being sexually assaulted by kamashita on starts off as an incredibly strong and forward character she doesn't take crap from anyone and is one of the most level-handed members of the team on joins the phantom thieves not just out of the desire to help the weak but it's so she can also improve the strength of her own heart as i mentioned earlier that was one of the topics that ons confidant attempted to tackle on makes a great first impression but sadly doesn't have a whole lot else going on for her after she's introduced we get some glimpses here and there as to what her personality is like she isn't exactly academically inclined is a pretty terrible actress but has convinced herself otherwise and has a talent for being able to correctly judge someone's character based on a first impression her confidant is where her real character development lies but as i mentioned earlier i can't quite say that it was flawlessly executed i enjoy ant's character a lot during the more lighthearted slice of life scenes in the game but other than that i think she's pretty underutilized in the main story that doesn't make her character on its own bad but i would have liked to have seen her have a more active role as a member of the team at the very least i can say that on is a well-defined character her introduction along with her confidante and slice of life scenes really do paint a good picture of her as an individual we get to see her likes dislikes and her moments of weakness she's a good character that sadly doesn't have as much time to shine as the others yusuke is the fourth party member that joins the phantom thieves yusuke is an artist and he's introduced his moderame's current pupil the phantom thieves first meet him because he asks on to be his model for a painting there are also some nasty rumors floating around about matarami plagiarizing artists work online so they use the opportunity to confirm the fidility of them with yusuke while at first he denies these accusations it's eventually revealed that yusuke has been creating pieces and letting matarami take credit for them in his own eyes yusuke sees this as a former repayment for matarami being his foster parent yusuke doesn't know the truth behind matarame's schemes so he has a bit of a warped viewpoint of what he's doing it's only when yusuke accidentally enters the metaverse and discovers matarami's palace when his eyes finally open yusuke cares very deeply about art and looked up to matarami because he believed that he was the one responsible for the sayori so discovering that matarami never cared about art on the same level as yusuke originally thought he did shook the young man's world matarama only cared about the fame and fortune that this medium could provide and only saw yusuke and his previous pupils as a means of achieving this what new skate learns from this experience is that just because you care about someone or feel like you owe them something that doesn't mean you should excuse their terrible actions a lot of yusuke's character development after this comes from his confidant which i thought was a pretty great story it questioned yusuke's artistic abilities and had him find a new understanding in the medium i really enjoy yusuke's character but much like on he doesn't really have a whole lot to do in the main story his confidant more than makes up for that however and it really does give yusuke some very strong character development there's a strong balance of use case social unawareness being used for comedic relief while also having some genuine emotional moments in his a lot of what i said about on can be easily applied to yusuke but i find the execution of the ideas more impactful for him than i did for her but there's no denying that both characters aren't really used much in the main plot other than just being more firepower for the phantom thieves makoto nijima is the student council president of shujin academy and the younger sibling of prosecutor sainijima makoto's character highlights the stress that comes from not only living up to the family name but also has a great focus on the stress and isolation she experiences from social expectations makoto at the start of the game is portrayed as a bit of an antagonist as student council president she's given the responsibility to follow with any order the principal gives her she knew about kamashita's abuse but was powerless to put a stop to it as it could put her own future at risk what i like a lot about makoto is that the writers do actually portray her as a pretty sympathetic person even though she's initially at odds with our characters she represents what this society expects out of the youth being obedient until the very end and not questioning any authority this is portrayed in a way that while makota was given a successful future she absolutely hates the position she's in success doesn't necessarily equate to a happy or fulfilling life she can't really relate to the other students her age since she's seen as a stuck up emotionless lapdog makoto's strained relationship with her older sister sai is also a core aspect of her character after the death of their father sai was the one shackled with the responsibility to provide for herself as well as her younger sister this has caused her to become very stressed and she sees makoto as a burden more than his family it's because of this that makoto's self-esteem is very low and her main desires to prove herself to be useful to others but no matter how hard she studies or how well she follows the rules that still can't change the fact that she's an incredibly lonely person makoto's primary motivation for joining the phantom these is rooted in her own experiences of being conditioned to conform to society's expectations ignoring obvious flaws were terrible people out of fear of being reprimanded for stepping out of line she genuinely wants to make a change in the world but at the same time she also wants to prove to herself that she isn't useless outside of her academics makoto acts as the main strategist as well as the voice of reason to the phantom thieves i like makoto's character a lot in the main story but where she falters the most is in her confidant we're front loaded with a lot of interesting information regarding makoto but the confidant doesn't seem to take any advantage of this as i mentioned earlier it's far more focused on her friend than it is on makoto as an individual but that doesn't diminish her worth in the overall narrative a common criticism with makoto is that after her introduction she essentially takes the leadership role of phantom thieves kicking joker out of the spotlight while she is a very prominent member and does have a lot of moments to shine i don't really agree with this the entire point of her character is proving to herself and the others around her that she's a capable person since she's the student council president she already has some leadership abilities so it's only natural that the other characters would rely on her at the end of the day joker still does call most of the shots and it's easily the most viable member thanks to his wild card abilities everyone has their own dedicated role in the team but makoto's just so happens to be a very integral role compared to the rest that's just my opinion on it anyways and it's understandable if you think she does get too much screen time especially if you're not a fan of her character futaba is the team's elite hacker and resident shut in what makes her stand out amongst the rest of the phantom thieves is that she herself has a palace futaba's mother wakaba was a lead researcher in the field of cognitive science she was specifically studying the idea of the existence of a cognitive world and how it can affect people obviously this is supposed to be the metaverse but at the time no one had any idea of its existence one day futaba's mother suffered from a mental shutdown and ended up committing suicide right in front of her young daughter this event traumatized futaba to the point of shutting herself off from the outside world since she never learned the truth of what happened futaba's self-hatred and warped perception of the events around her are the source of her heart's distortion she sees her room as a tomb that she's going to stay trapped in until the day she dies this is reflected really well visually in the metaverse of course is the obvious such as futaba being the pharaoh of said tomb but what i really like is how far away this place is from the rest of the village futaba is so closed off emotionally that she sees anything outside of her room as a massive distance from her tomb futaba reached out to the phantom tee so that she can have her guilt erased and in return she'll deal with the hacker group mejid by the end of the palace however futaba ends up gaining access to the metaverse navigation app and explores her own heart it's in here where she encounters her own shadow and she's finally able to accept the truth by doing so she's able to awaken to her persona and with the help of the phantom thieves she battle against the warped cognitive version of her own mother this boss fight represents futaba finally putting her guilt to rest the remainder of futaba's character after this is dedicated to having her reintegrate herself into society it's the main focus of her confidant along with something that's worked on throughout the main story her main motivation for joining the phantom thieves is so that she can find out who was responsible for stealing wakapa's research and forcing her to have a mental shutdown i find futaba to be a pretty compelling character the way her issues are presented reminds me of the way it was handled in persona where the characters themselves had to face their own shadows and accept the truth that they've been running away from in futaba's case the truth is something that she was inadvertently hiding from herself because of her trauma even when she confronts herself and tames her shadow it doesn't fix her social anxiety it's a major part of her character that's worked on throughout the remainder of the game something that i'm not personally a fan of is some of futaba's dialogue she's very keen on using internet slang and making references to pop culture such as anime manga video games all that other stuff i'm personally not the biggest fan of this type of dialogue because it has the potential of aging terribly but in the context of this character it definitely makes sense she spends an unhealthy amount of time on the internet and isn't exactly familiar with face-to-face social interaction it only makes sense that she would relate unfamiliar social ideas to stuff that she already knows and likes people make references all the time in the real world but in a story i personally feel as though this has the potential of making the dialogue feel dated i don't think that they go too overboard with the references but i would have preferred it if they toned it down just a bit next up is haru akumara she's the daughter of the fifth palace ruler kunikazu okumura and is the next heir of hakumara foods haru was raised to be very obedient and do what's best for the company her relationship with her father slowly began to degrade when his ambitions began to overpower his love for her harder was eventually forced into an arranged marriage agreement with an abusive spouse so that akumra could achieve presidency over an associate while haru wants to avoid her arranged marriage she still can't bring herself to fully stand up against her father this is the main reason as to why she's the only character to not fully awaken to their persona right away there's a part of her that's deluding herself into believing that her father isn't as corrupt as everyone else thinks and that he still cares about her but upon confronting his shadow and learning that a kumara foods and even haru herself are just a means to an end she finds the resolve to finally stand up against his authority and fully awakens to her persona the most common complaint with haru is that she doesn't get enough screen time to make her a compelling character this is something that i fully agree with haru was introduced during a very hectic point in the game's story and sadly ends up being sidelined in favor of focusing on wrapping up the morgana drama what's even more disappointing is that after she's introduced haru takes a complete backseat and is almost entirely relegated to being the team's firepower haru was probably the most disappointing member of the phantom fees because there wasn't enough time for her to shine all this would be a different story if hardwood got the same treatment that nauto did in persona 4. in that game naoto was an active force throughout most of the game until they became a mainstay party member even after they joined the party nauto is easily the most proactive and useful member on the team next to narakami haru would have greatly benefited if her character made more frequent appearances before joining the party the only time this happens is during the school's hawaii trip and even then we don't learn too much about her at that completing haru's confidant feels almost essential for her character because there just wasn't enough room to include that stuff in the main story as i said in the confidante section i actually really enjoyed my time with it and i think it's one of the better confidants in my opinion haru has always been a pretty entertaining character for me she has a very sweet and gentle personality in the real world but using her in battle is such a contrast to that personality as she talks about the thrill of cutting down shadows but these small glimpses of her personality aren't enough to fulfill my desire for her character to shine the last party member i want to discuss for now is morgana much like teddy from persona 4 morgana is an amnesiac creature that originated from the alternate world he's knowledgeable with how the mechanics of the metaverse work and his primary motivation is discover more about his past his character arc is spread throughout the entire game and is presented as an automatic confidant to say that morgana is a mixed character for players would be a huge understatement a lot of discussions surrounding morgana tend to be on the character's negative aspects rather than what the story is actually about in my opinion morgana has a very interesting character arc that sadly isn't executed with the grace needed for it to stick the landing morgana is one of those characters that was written to be intentionally unlikable at the start of the game the general idea is that throughout the game you're supposed to learn more about them so you can sympathize with their situation so that when the character goes through the redemption it's all the more satisfying in morgana's case we slowly learn more about his insecurities and is longing to find a place where he belongs he wears a metaphorical mask around others so that he can hide his weaknesses from the other members of the he comes off very cocky and abrasive most of the time but deep down he's afraid of what the future holds for himself and he's very reluctant to share his emotions throughout the game we get to see glimpses of morgana's insecurities as more members join the phantom thieves each passing member slowly begins to phase him out of the group makoto takes the role of being the group's strategist and futaba's knowledge and ability to manipulate the cognitive world surpasses morgana in every way so morgana's character is about realizing that even though he can't fully relate to the phantom thieves it may not even be human he still has a place where he belongs at the end of the day they're all friends and that's all that should matter not what you can bring to the table as a member of the team this is a pretty decent idea for this character the problem with morgana however is that the execution of this leaves a lot to be desired much like yukari from persona 3 i think that atlas tried way too hard to make the character unlikable at the start it becomes a lot less about the character using aggression or sarcasm to hide away their true feelings and more so just comes off as the character just being an all-around [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when people talk about morgana as a character most of the things brought up are his self grandeur selfishness cockiness and all around just his generally toxic behavior the reason as to why this is the first thing people think of is because this is the side of morgana that we see throughout most of the game i understand that morgana doesn't want to be seen as emotionally vulnerable but we get way too much of his abrasiveness combine this with the fact that morgana is almost always with the player then i can definitely see why someone would find him irritating i believe it's time to address one of the most infamous scenes in the game early in september the phantom thieves discovered that kinokazo akumara has greatly risen on the fan site for the most requested target this prompts ryuji to immediately suggest that they go after akumra once they discover that he has a palace while morgana initially agrees with the idea that all changes when he hears ryuji's main motivation for doing so in his own words ryuji suggested they go after akumura because if they didn't it would go against what the general public would want however most of the team is rather mixed on the idea due to not having enough evidence of him being a criminal at this point in the story morgana is at his boiling point and wants to prove himself to be a useful asset to the team so hearing everyone suddenly back down from going after akumara is what causes in the last show and decide to go after the man on his own this is an event that takes a lot of in-game days to resolve and while the idea behind the scene is admirable it just doesn't work out for one major reason this is the first and only time the phantom thieves ever disagree on a target so morgana storming off in a fit makes him look very childish while the intention was that he wanted to prove himself as a useful asset then and there him storming off like this is possibly the worst decision that he could ever make that decision is very inconsistent with the rest of his character where he's previously shown to be someone who doesn't take any unnecessary risks morgana snaps over a simple disagreement and it comes off as an overreaction this would easily be more believable if there were more times where the phantom thieves disagreed with each other or if there was already tension within the group the actual dialogue in this scene in question also elevates far too quickly while the real reason as to why morgana left was due to his insecurities people still misinterpret this part of the game as morgana leaving because of ryuji that definitely wasn't the intention but the fact that so many people believe this shows that there was a bit of a problem with how this was presented i like morgana's character at points when the writers show restraint and portray the character in a more neutral position or even near the end of the game when he finally starts opening up to his team i find myself genuinely caring about him but when his flaws are drilled in so often the only things i can ask myself is when he's going to shut up comparing morgana to teddy also doesn't do him any favors while teddy can be annoying it was more so in the way that you get annoyed with your little brother or close friend at the end of the day he means well and in my opinion he perfectly represents the themes of persona 4. his story does heavily rely on whether or not you enjoy his personality but there still is a very clear and very strong message of identity and not letting your upbringing define who you are i struggle to say the same things about morgana i don't hate this character i want to make that clear there's a lot of good ideas here but it's the execution that i have to call into i also think that they should have resolved his character struggles later in the story there's a lot going on in the akumara arc and sadly the morgana stuff ends up taking priority over haru's introduction or at the very least this section should have put an equal amount of focus on both characters instead of just sidelining haru overall i like the cast of persona 5. there are some really interesting and well-crafted characters in here and while some don't reach their fullest potential i struggled to call any of them bad or underdeveloped persona 5 handles character development the same way persona 4 does where after the character's introduction it's up to the player to do the confidants to not only wrap up their stories but learn more about them as people however i think that the confidants for the party members are a bit weaker than persona 4's overall there are some really good ones here like ryuji and yusuke but i found myself enjoying the persona 4 social links more a lot of the party member confidants this time around lacked focus which is something that i couldn't say about the investigation team all the social links there were dedicated to wrapping up the character's issues that were brought up in the main overall quality notwithstanding the idea was much tighter in persona 4. persona 5 only does this with a few select party members while others end up getting confidants that focus on entirely different aspects of themselves this creates a much more broad view of the character as an individual but in terms of a compelling story i find it a bit lacking i think that the cast here is well-rounded and while some don't get as much attention as i would have liked i wouldn't go as far as saying that any of them were underdeveloped haru is probably the weakest character overall but at least she has a good confidant to make up for it i've seen people say that the phantom thieves don't feel like friends and i really don't agree with that they spend a lot of time with each other and have good chemistry morgana's entire character arc is learning to confide in his friends for crying out loud while they don't spend as much time together as the investigation team does they still constantly talk to each other through text messages and make the time to go to events as a group even if there aren't as many in this game as there are in persona 4. depending on who you ask this can be either a good or a bad thing persona 5 is a much darker game than persona 4 but it still does have moments of levity to keep the game from feeling grim and to make moments of tension hit much harder however something that i have to bring up is the use of humor in certain areas don't get me wrong persona 5 is a funny game when it tries to be but there are moments where the attempts at humor either fall flat or causes some tonal whiplash the biggest offender of this has to be one of the final palaces in at this point in the story the tension is high the phantom thieves are going after their biggest target yet who poses a threat to the entire country everyone gets their moment to shine and during the escape ryuji is seemingly killed after he secures a life raft when the rest of the thieves come back to reality it's revealed that ryuji actually survived the explosion without any scratches instead of oh i don't know thanking him for saving their lives or being happy that he's safe what happens is that the girls end up kicking the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of him for making them worry i get that this was supposed to be a joke but it undercuts the genuinely fantastic scene that came before it thankfully this is about as bad as the problem gets but stuff like this happens just enough time for it to be worth mentioning alright so i believe it's time for me to discuss the main plot and themes of persona 5. i'm going to be ignoring each individual palace ruler and instead just focus on the story as a whole unlike the other persona games persona 5 is a more traditional villain of the week setup each story arc has their own dedicated antagonist that's meant to highlight the flaws in japanese society while i like most of the palace rulers in this game i struggle to say that any of them are particularly great it feels good to send in the calling card and expose their crimes to the world but as villains on their own there isn't a whole lot for me to really analyze that isn't just shown in the game i think that they serve their job well enough but aren't exactly what i would call the main attraction the more interesting palace rulers end up being futaba because she's a party member in sainichi now because she isn't exactly evil per se but does have a very warped idea of justice that slowly begins to corrupt the only one that i can't give a whole lot of credit towards is the third palace ruler junia kanashiro he highlights the shady criminal underside that's hiding in plain sight but i struggle to say that he makes any sort of lasting impact on me personally persona 5's antagonists all have at least one thing that make them stand out kamashita was the origin story that deeply affected the founding members matarami was the phantom thieves first big case outside of their debut and focused on a student being mentally and physically abused okumura's palace was the peak of the group's popularity and eventual downfall i struggled to think of what effects this palace had on the main story that wasn't covered by any of the others i also find shito to be a pretty disappointing villain overall he has a lot of build-up throughout the main story as well as a very ambitious plan but we don't really learn much about him or where his mindsets spawned from the reason as to why i'm not as critical towards the previous antagonist is because their purpose was to be stepping stones towards shito he's the main antagonist of the story and the reason why ren has a criminal record in the first place i would have appreciated if we learned more about shido's motivations or backgrounds so that we can get a better idea as to who he is as a person my thoughts on him are the same as strega from persona 3. he's more so just a means to an end rather than being interesting on his own it's a shame because of how involved he is in the world of persona 5 and his relevance to the backstory of characters where the antagonists truly shine around the effect they have on the phantom fees as a group something that persona 5's story tackles is the impact that fame and popularity has on the phantom thieves while ryuji is the obvious example of this the status of the phantom thieves does have an impact on the other members something you'll start to notice is that the people the phantom thieves targets slowly become less about their main goal of inspiring people to stand up against injustice but more so what would increase their popularity it's impossible to doubt that the phantom thieves act for a force of good and have good intentions but they aren't above having their views shaped by public this all culminates in the yokumura arc while he does have a palace and is going down a dark path so they can potentially break into the political world when you think about it he really isn't as despicable as the previous targets the only reason as to why the thieves initially began to look into him was a combination of his name being associated with mental shutdown cases and more importantly because of where he was on the fan site rankings we don't find out until later in the game that the fan site was tampered with by an outside force trying to sabotage the phantom thieves since they were so focused on giving the people what they wanted they ended up being manipulated into targeting okumura so when akumura has a mental shutdown the phantom thieves end up taking the fall for the incident it takes until the group hits their lowest point for them to realize where they went wrong it became less about making a change in the world but improving how many people would support the group i find this stuff really well executed and super engaging i wouldn't call persona 5's plot perfect by any means but i'd like to give credit where credit is due a main plot point throughout most of persona 5's run time is whether or not the phantom thieves are doing the right thing not only do the phantom thieves constantly doubt themselves throughout the entire game but the general public also have some concerns over their activity this is where garu akechi comes into play for most of the story he's supposed to represent the voice of the general public and challenges the phantom thieves view on their own actions while we know what we're doing is morally correct in some way the general public doesn't know that from their perspective the phantom thieves are a group that operates exclusively in the shadows and only choose major targets seemingly at random the question that ends up being proposed is whether or not the phantom thieves should be the ones making the decision of who should or shouldn't be punished for their crimes but let's talk about akechi real quick akechi is by far one of the most interesting characters to talk about he's a young prodigy detective and assistant to saini jima he has a strong sense of what he believes in and his sense of justice makes him constantly at odds with the from what we're shown and told throughout the game akechi is supposed to represent the side of the law that follows the traditional justice system however the problem with the catchy is that there is far too much going on with this character for it to really feel coherent there's a lot more to a catchy than what's first shown to us very early on we're told of a mysterious persona user in a black mask that's using palaces for their own personal gain it's an ongoing mystery throughout and we're even shown that this person is a hitman for powerful or influential figures when akechi temporarily joins the party he says that he only just recently gained access to the metaverse and has gotten a lead on who this person is however since psy is slowly losing her sense of justice and is willing to break the rules to catch the phantom thieves her heart needs to be changed akechi ends up blackmailing their group with incriminating evidence and requests them to change psy's heart with him his only condition is that after they change psy's heart they'll have to disband their team and leave the rest of the investigation up to the police but as it turns out akechi ended up selling out the phantom thieves which leads to joker's capture at the start of not only that but he's also revealed to be the black mass killer and was planning on assassinating joker in the interrogation room due to him having a slip up way earlier in the game the thieves anticipated this and used the metaverse to their advantage it's a pretty complicated and long plan it hinged on joker being able to give inside to have a change of heart without stealing her treasure so that her palace would remain i actually really like this because it incorporates an aspect of mishima's confidant and reinforces the idea of the way bonds can affect someone akechi is one of the most polarizing characters in the entire persona community when akechi's facade is finally dropped his personality takes a complete 180. the main problem with akechi is that they stretch his character too thin so that he could fit multiple contradicting ideas the basic of akechi's character is pretty simple we have someone who wears a mask around others and pretends to have a strong sense of justice his true feelings and motivations are the complete opposite with how he presents akechi is a very emotionally damaged person who desperately wants to get revenge on his father masayu shishido before kechi was born shido abandoned his mother and left her to raise her son on her own in japanese society having an illegitimate child can ruin your career so akechi's mother ended up being shamed to the point where she committed suicide akechi was passed around child institutions as an orphan he vowed to make shito pay for ruining his life along with his mothers this on its own is a great motivation for akechi to commit his crimes he was wronged in life and he wants revenge that makes total sense he's supposed to be a warped reflection of the phantom an outcast that was wronged by society but instead of using his gift to make a positive change in the world he instead used it for selfish gain he desperately wants shito to pay for his crimes but ends up throwing his own life away in order to achieve that goal i actually really enjoy this but the problem for me stems from the fact that there's no clear line drawn for what akechi's true beliefs are the game acts as though akechi is supposed to be the law representative while joker is the chaos representative however akeji doesn't exactly fit the bill for being a law representative he certainly does in the first half of his character he wants to uphold the status quo and is in support of the current justice system however was that sense of justice just a part of his facade or did he actually believe in it in the original persona 5 we never get to see that dividing line and are only show the extremes of both sides if that one line was removed i honestly think that akechi's character and role in the story would make a lot more sense he already had enough to his character him secretly working for shido so that he could eventually act his revenge is all that he really needed trying to force a connection with joker and how the two sides of the same coin is pretty unnecessary and doesn't really hold up when he reveals himself as the black mask the idea that joker and akechi had some sort of strong bond in the original game falls pretty flat too his confidence was one that automatically ranked up and because of that it felt less like we had a rivalry with a catchy and more so that we were told that we did thankfully persona 5 royal takes strides in fixing these missteps with akechi's brand new confidant instead of being an automatic one this is a confidant that you have to do manually and focuses on learning about akechi as an individual as well as hinting at his true nature i find this to be way better than what we had before not only because the information is presented in a much more natural way than previously but making the player choose to spend time with akechi makes his eventual betrayal all the more effective however the best part of this new confidant has to be his rank 8 event throughout the confidant we see that akechi has a bit of a competitive spirit and is at first shown to be going easy on ren however akechi makes the promise that ifren beats him he won't hold back next time the rank 8 event is the payoff to this build up as akechi takes rent to mementos in order to fight him this alone gives us a good insight into akechi's true nature and his dialogue shows just how envious he is towards him despite how much a catchy hates ren he still very much respects him as a rival they're in a very similar circumstance in life but their bond doesn't come from a place of friendship instead it manifests in how they're able to push each other beyond their limits this new confidant does so much for a catchy that i'm able to feel more sympathy towards him while i would never try to justify akeshi's actions i'm not going to pretend that i didn't feel bad for the way he ended up granted royal doesn't change the fact that he's supposed to represent law and while i still find that a pretty dumb decision because it just doesn't work it doesn't ruin his character for me the last main plot element to address in vanilla persona 5 is the final dungeon as well as the overall themes present there we're going to need a little bit more context for what's going on here after the group steals shito's heart and makes him confess for his crimes the public seemingly doesn't react to this at all not only that but the phantom thieves are being treated as if they never existed morgana believes that something has to be going on inside of mementos that's causing all this and with no better options the group decides that they need to investigate what they find is rather unsettling we discover that the shadows of society are willingly being held inside of these jail cells this includes the shadows of the previous palace rulers they are grateful that their desires were stolen so that they could be sent to the jail where they no longer have to think for themselves the phantom thieves begin to suspect that there's some greater power in charge of containing all the shadows and making them act like this upon reaching the bottom of momentos the thieves come across the treasure of society the holy grail itself every palace in persona 5 is supposed to represent one of the deadly sins of mankind in case of the memento steps palace this one represents the sin of sloth the idea that's supposed to be represented here is that humanity is either too afraid ignorant or lazy to live their lives on their own what humanity yearns for is someone to guide them and make all their life decisions for them this desire is what gave birth to the god of control yaldabout in the persona series gods are linked to the collective unconsciousness for example in persona 3 the goddess of death knicks was created due to mankind's secret yearning for death the same rules apply here humanity desires to be controlled so that they no longer need to think for themselves and yaldaboth is there to fulfill that role when yaldabaoth manifested it created the metaverse along with it yaldaboth secretly had a hand in everything that happened in the story it's because of him that shito rose in popularity and was about to be elected to rule the country yaldabaoth's experiment was to see which side of humanity's desires was stronger the sight of humanity that wanted to rebel against the status quo and reform the world or the desire to remain complacent and keep things the way they were as i mentioned briefly earlier yaldabath chose joker and akechi as the chaos and law representatives respectively to see which side would prevail at the end of the day yada both decided that humanity wouldn't be able to learn from their ignorance and decided that the world would be better off destroyed and recreated from the ground up yaldaboth was actually built up throughout most of the game believe it or not it stated that he forced his way into the velvet room and imprisoned igor while also splitting the true assistant lavenza in half the igor that we've been seeing has actually been yelled about throughout the entire game and as a longtime player of the series i really enjoyed this twist and didn't see it coming when i first heard how deep and menacing igor's voice was in this game i at first took it as atlas wanting to change voice actors igor's purpose in the persona games is to help guide the protagonists through the fool's journey but in persona 5 igor seems very antagonistic this time around the fusion methods are far more brutal and refers to the journey as a rehabilitation igor's very first line in the game gives it away if you're keen enough when he greets the protagonist he usually says welcome to the velvet room however in persona 5 he says this trickster welcome to my velvet room it's a small detail but it's appreciated nonetheless the igor twist might not work as well if you're a new player to the series but as someone who played a lot of these games before persona 5 i was thoroughly surprised this finale is a very strong one in my opinion not just because it pays off the mysteries that were built up throughout the entire game such as morgana's true identity and the stuff surrounding caroline and justine but because it perfectly encapsulates the themes of the our lives aren't set in stone we can change not only ourselves but also forge a new path to follow if it's one that we believe in we as people have the power to make a difference if we put our minds to it while life can be difficult and there will always be people that try to hold you down you can and should stand up against it this is shown with our party members our confidants and by the end of the game the entire country with the combined hope of everyone we can finally break free from our chains be gone preposterous normally this is where persona 5 would end now that yaldabaoth has been destroyed and the metaverse has been erased shido can now be put on trial however sai explains that ren needs to testify in order to prove him guilty because of his association with the phantom thieves as well as his criminal record there's no doubt that he'll end up being sent to juvenile hall with no other ren accepts the deal however there still is hope for him with the combined effort of the remaining members of the phantom thieves as well as the confidants they're able to get in contact with the woman who was paid off to testify against ren and clear his name with his assault charge now scrubbed from its criminal record ren is finally able to walk free a few months go by and it's finally time for ren to return home but not without going on one last road trip with his close friends but since this is persona 5 royal things end up playing out a bit differently if you've met the right conditions you'll gain access to the game's brand new content and i'm probably not alone in saying this but the third semester of persona 5 is easily the best part of the entire once the new year rolls around you'll notice that everything seems off this ranges from smaller things such as on hanging out with shiho even though she moved away ryuji being the star runner of a track and field team and even more crazy ideas such as morgana having a human form and wakaba ishiki being alive not only that however goro akechi is also alive and he comes to leblanc to find out what's going on this leads the two of them and the character kasumi yoshizawa to investigate the palace that's appeared at a construction site upon investigating they discovered that the one behind what's going on is none other than dr maruki himself he somehow obtained the power to manipulate reality however he chooses and has been using this ability to grant the dreams of everyone all over the alright this is a lot to take in so let's break it down bit by bit throughout the game dr markey has been visited by different members of the phantom thieves for therapy sessions in these conversations they had explained their emotional troubles and struggles that they had to go through when yaldabaoth was defeated after momentos was merged with the real world the phantom thieves ended up taking the place of humanity's saviors however since the phantom thieves confided in monarchy and wished for the reality like the one he suggested they unconsciously handed over the role to him that's a very basic run down of what happened but the game goes into a lot more detail about how his power actually works i won't waste your time and explain that right now i want to give kasumi her time in the spotlight because at the start of the third semester the truth about her is revealed when we were first introduced to kasumi we learned that she's an honor student who received a shoojin academy scholarship for her talents and gymnastics something that should immediately catch your attention about kasumi is that her confidant only has five ranks to it when going through this confidant we learn a little bit about kasumi she's a very cheerful and friendly person but we learned pretty early on that she's going through a bit of a slump and her coach has told her to take a break to think about who she really is she remembers hearing that her best trait was her boldness so she requested to spend more time with ren in order to regain her confidence we learn a little more about kasumi throughout her confidant such as her interest in cooking and her anxiety about failure on its own it's nothing that i'd call particularly special but what makes this interesting is that kusumi has a lot more complications than what she's letting on we learned that somewhat recently her sister sumeri passed away in a car accident it's a rather touchy subject for her so many people respectfully don't bring it up however we're not told the truth of what actually happened until the third the girl that we've been seeing in front of us is actually sumira yoshizawa and the girl who died was her twin sister kasumi sumeri's true personality is radically different from the kasumi persona that she immersed herself in sumeria has a deep inferiority complex and was incredibly jealous of her sister kasumi was a prodigy at gymnastics she'd be able to quickly memorize routines and perform them with grace while sumeria would often struggle and like behind her sister kisumi would outperform sumerian almost every way and because of this sumeria developed a very toxic mindset she thought that if she didn't live up to the standards set by her sister that she was a worthless person that wouldn't even be pitied if she died this caused her to spiral down in a suicidal depression and one day after practice tragedy struck in an emotional outburst sumeria ran away from her sister and was almost hit by a car speeding down the road at the last second kasumi pushed her out of the way and ended up dying because of it sumeri became chained down by her survivor's guilt she felt as though she was the one who deserved to die and that she stole kasumi's life away from her she started to see dr maruki in order to help overcome her depression and after hearing her story maroki decided that he needed to take action with the power of his persona he subconsciously made samiri believe that she was kasumi as that was what she said would bring her happiness once you learn this information it completely re-contextualizes everything you knew about this character beforehand sumire has one of the most tragic backstories out of any character in the persona series she's someone racked with so much regret and believes that her life has so little value that she'd rather be someone else than herself when sumeria is reminded of the truth she completely breaks down and ends up joining marauki's side initially she can't accept what happened and doesn't want to live her life with regrets anymore sumeria's main character arc is learning to no longer run away from the truth and gain the strength to stop living a fake no matter what she does kasumi isn't coming back to life and the best way to honor her memory isn't to become just like her she needs to learn to have faith in her own abilities and to not let her life be ruled by the desire to be someone that she isn't the last five ranks of her confidant are unlocked after she rejoins the party and the focus is on sumeria accepting her true self while she initially struggles to get over her instinct of mimicking kasumi she does eventually realize that she can no longer live in the shadow of her deceased sister the best way to honor kasumi would be to accomplish their shared dream but only if samiri does it in her own way i really like this character which is something i certainly wasn't expecting if you've seen my past videos then you know that i'm not usually a fan of the added content atlas puts in their re-releases the prime example of this would be marie when sumeria was first introduced as kasumi i'll admit i was a bit worried i think atlas did a great job at subverting people's expectations for this character and crafted a compelling story out of it she's a far more interesting and thoughtful character than what i was initially expecting it tackles the idea that persona is known for but it's done in a refreshing way she desperately wanted to become like her older sister because she was everything that sumeria wanted in her she won the respect fame and talent that her sister had but this obsession was what caused her to spiral down in a pit of depression i find sumerian to be a relatable character to some degree i have in the past struggled with the idea of feeling inferior to my older siblings seeing that they're far more talented and successful in life than i am is really disheartening but something i can remind myself of are my own accomplishments or my own skill i don't have to be like them or compare our successes to find happiness i should be proud of who i am and not try to be someone i'm not so yeah you can probably see as to why i was surprised with the overall quality of samiri's character but in my opinion this is even the best part of the third i think it's time that we end this and talk about the complexities of dr markey and the questions his character asks dr markey is easily the best written antagonist in the entire game and i'm fully willing to go a step further and call him my favorite persona antagonist notice how i didn't say the word villain unlike every other antagonist presented maruki is someone who is genuinely trying to make the world a better place for everyone to reference his confidant again he's using cognitive science to locate and eliminate emotional pain when he gains access to his persona as a thoth along with full control over reality itself he puts his plan into motion the way he eliminates emotional pain is by giving everyone what they desperately desire ranging from achieving their dreams bringing back dead family members or even removing traumatizing moments from someone's life sumire is the best demonstration of maruki's viewpoint she is someone who felt inferior she's racked with survivor's guilt and thinks no one cares for her she desperately wants to be someone she isn't marauki grants her wish to become kisumi because that's what would make her happy and as shown throughout the game it really does have a positive effect on it isn't until she's reminded of how unfair the old reality is when sumeria breaks down so clearly his methods work right sumeria was happy living her lie and he helped remove her emotional pain there's a more obscure example of maruki's actualization that raises an interesting question through a text conversation we learned that one of yusuke's colleagues is no longer painting and instead is participating in archery in this reality it seems as though their painting history never existed so clearly marooky looked into this person's brain and saw that archery was their dream and made it their reality however wasn't it the failure of achieving the archery dream what caused this person to discover a new love in is a world where failure doesn't exist something that would benefit everyone the entire point of growing from pain and failures to learn how to deal with those emotions more effectively so would it be better if we never had to deal with those emotions while maruki has good intentions he ultimately ends up being very similar to yaldabaoth when you really think about with maraki in control of your life you're exchanging your free will for the sake of happiness while it's an easy way to avoid suffering and failure you're ultimately doing nothing but running away from your problems that's the flaw in maruki's reality and the reason why the phantom thieves disagree with it while they were happy getting what they wanted out of marroke's world they can't deny that they've grown and changed into better people thanks to their heartbreak life can't always go your way and that's okay if there's something you really want but couldn't get you can always find happiness elsewhere where the phantom thieves and monarchy fundamentally disagree is their use of the cognitive world the phantom thieves change the hearts of criminals so that they can inspire people to stand up for it gives people the opportunity to be the change that they want to see in the world marquee instead wants people to hide away from their problems and put faith in him he tries to reassure people that everything will be alright as long as they let him help on a side note i just want to bring up how fantastic a catchy is throughout the third semester it finally answers my question of what akechi's true personality is like he comes off as tired and believes that the best solution to a problem would be to just deal with it outright even if that means getting his hands dirty and i greatly appreciate that at no point they try to redeem a catchy as a person he's a bad guy who's done terrible things to the phantom thieves but they have to put aside their differences so that they can stand up against a greater power i really just like how to the point he acts and robbie damon does a great job with the performance the most interesting aspect of a catchy from the third semester is just how disgusted he is with maruki's reality even if it means he might not exist anymore he stands up against the new world because in his mind he would rather be dead than live in a world designed to cater to him he spent his life living under the control of shido and yaldabaoth and he doesn't want to live under the will of maruki even if it means death akechi wants to carve his own path in life because at the very least it was his decision to that's pretty badass if you ask me marky's palace does a great job at fleshing out his ideals alongside giving us full context into his motivations we learned the full story of what happened to his fiancee rumi when she was traumatized from her family's incident muraki became extremely distressed at the site this caused him to awaken to a fraction of his persona's ability and he used it to change rumi's cognition so that she'd forget about what happened however this came with the consequence of permanently wiping maruki from her memory while he was initially shocked he decided to play along with it for the sake of her happiness he gave up his own dreams so that someone else could achieve theirs this is why marooky is such a compelling antagonist for me he wants to help everyone avoid emotional struggles but at the end of the day all he's doing is projecting his own fears onto everyone else marquis is afraid that if he faces his emotions he won't be able to come back from it it's something that takes until facing the phantom tees room to finally understand marky desperately holds out hope that he can convince the group that their life would be better off in his reality this is shown perfectly in the dialogue as well as the boss theme throw away your mask is without a doubt my favorite song in the entire game the main message of this piece is marookie's attempt to appeal to the phantom fees by telling them that their dreams can finally be achievable as long as they let their guard down and allow him to fix their lives the most powerful scene in the game for me has to be the aftermath of his boss battle despite the phantom thieves overpowering marquee and defeating his ultimate persona adam kadman marky still can't fully grasp where he went wrong with the help of joker maraki is able to finally realize that he's just been using his reality as nothing but an excuse to run away from facing his emotions once marquee reaches his understanding the only thing he requests now is for joker to help him kill his regrets no personas no masks just two people venting their frustrations through a fistfight this is why the third semester is my favorite part of the game dr marky at the end of the day is an incredibly sympathetic and relatable his character arc is learning that while life can be cruel and unforgiving it'll all work out in the end as long as you don't lose hope failure and emotional pain is okay what makes us grow as people is how we respond to it but most importantly if something doesn't work out there's no harm in starting over and going down a new path in life the third semester is pretty powerful and it's honestly shocking at how well executed it is it asks some genuinely very interesting questions while also having the most fleshed out antagonists and the most emotional impact a consequence that comes from this level of quality is that it really highlights how lackluster the other antagonists are i understand the idea of saving your best for last but i think that no palace ruler comes even close to the depth and complexity as maruki the only real complaint i have is that at this point in the game random encounters are meaningless because you can instantly kill them with ryuji's ability so it's pretty weak on the gameplay side of things you're mostly playing through this for the story and it's a fantastic story but much like the rest of persona 5 i wish the game was designed with the confidant abilities in mind so in conclusion i think that persona 5 royal is a pretty good game overall it's not my favorite in the series but it's definitely up there for me and i think that this game gets an unnecessary amount of hate at points i'm not saying that you're not allowed to dislike persona 5 but i see people out there treating this game as if it's the worst in the series and if you made it this far into the video i think you can safely assume that i don't agree with that statement persona 5 is not a perfect video game the gameplay flaws in royal specifically are a big issue there's a lot of combat and dungeon crawling done in persona 5. so the fact that the gameplay experience offers very little challenge could potentially make the overall experience very boring not every character is used to their fullest potential and some are just poorly executed and the confidants while good are far more formulaic this time around and only a few standout is particularly great however persona 5's heart is in the right place and more often than not i find that the game shines in multiple ways i really like the main cast of characters the game is solid mechanically speaking and has some pretty good level design and i personally get a lot out of the themes that are presented since persona 5's original north american release back in 2017 the game along with the rest of the series has been thrusted into popularity the thing about mainstream success is that it comes with a few consequences i've met a lot of really cool people thanks to persona 5 and i love hearing how this game had a personal impact on them however when there's a massive influx of new fans there will always be a vocal minority of new players that are a bit overzealous with their enjoyment combine this with atlas's tendencies to capitalize on their popular games and you'll notice that persona 5's reception has been shifting over time there's no doubt that there are people who legitimately just don't like persona 5 that much and that's totally fine but i've been noticing that people are taking their frustrations towards that vocal minority of persona 5 fans and letting that influence their opinion towards the game itself there were a surprising amount of people that were expecting me to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all over this game and i can't begin to tell you i always make sure to stay honest with myself and you viewers throughout all of my videos i don't make these videos just to give people the opinions that they want to hear in my point of view persona 5 stands heads and shoulders with the other titles in the series i'll even go as far as to say that it stands above the other games in some areas which is why it's so frustrating to see people overlook the legitimately great aspects of persona 5 and only focus on the dumb small parts of the game that have little effect on the game's overall quality in order to prove that it's a bad game it's good to be critical of the things you like but you shouldn't give out criticism just for the sake of it you also need to acknowledge the positive aspects of a piece of media and in persona 5's case the highs heavily outweigh the lows i just hope that when the dust finally settles we can look back at persona 5 with the same amount of fondness as we do with the previous games and truly appreciate the good times that it brought us hey everyone thanks for watching i'd like to give a special shout out to all my current channel supporters whose names are on screen now it's thanks to these kind and generous people that i'm able to make these videos at the rate i do currently if you're interested in supporting this long form content please consider either checking out my patreon or if that's not your style then i've also started to offer channel memberships you can find out more about that down below along with a link to my discord server if you're interested at the time of this recording this channel is about to hit 20 000 subscribers and it's incredibly mind-blowing that so many people have stuck around with me for as long as they have in a way this persona 5 video feels like the end of an era i don't have any more mainline persona games to talk about and it's a weird feeling to say the least i'm still going to cover the remaining spin-off titles of course as well as talk about other megaten titles on this channel so i'm not going away anytime soon once again i'd like to thank you all for watching and i hope to see you around next time take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @NamsCompendium [566 likes]: Thanks for watching! These videos take a long time to make, so if you'd like to show some support. Please consider checking out my Patreon or becoming a Channel Member!

https://www.patreon.com/NamsComp
  2. @Prettychillguy57 [8 likes]: I think that the igor twist worked so well on my first playthrough since p5 was my first persona game, so when I saw clips of igors real voice, I thought igors voice just changed every game to match its tone
  3. @Anaverageplant342 [2 likes]: My general problem with 5 stems from what I also love about the game.
Basically all the palace owners are based on actual scandals that happened in Japan and it makes me appreciate the arcs a lot more for how they adapt what happened into gameplay
My problems also stem from the fact that this is a Japanese game. Let me explain.
Ryuji is treated terribly sometimes and that is primarily due to how Japan treats young delinquents. Kanji from 4 is ranked lower than p3 characters in a p4 poll for example.
This is most likely due to how Japan tends to treat children as investments for the future so someone not following the implicit rules in Japan will get a lot more hate there. 
Even though the game is about rebellion the biases of the writers still show slightly especially when the target demographic is against rebellion.
And the infamous post shido scene is more accepted in Japan than it is in the west and in fact is treated as funny and deserved because he made a joke.
It’s why people despised Yukari for decades because social norms in Japan are different from the west (that and the original translation making the cast a lot more hostile in general)
That’s my 2 cents on the matter
  4. @blueberries9997 [2 likes]: Persona 5 royal is a perfect introduction to a new player to the persona series. In my opinion.
  5. @axelf9947 [2 likes]: I'm four years late and I haven't started the video yet, but I do feel like commenting-- the first main thing that put me off when I played was the design choice for Panther. I understand that the general idea is for Ann to be embracing or 'taking back' the sort of promiscuous image of her that's gotten thrown around, like how Ryuji's persona awakening was meant to symbolize him accepting his reputation as a delinquent, but Ann's character has really never been flirty or vixen-esque at all like how Panther's gimmick and design would suggest, and that dissonance was never fleshed out as much as it was for Ryuji. Panther just feels like fanservice (hell, they gave her jiggle physics and everything), which left a REALLY sour taste in my mouth right off the bat, considering that, y'know-- it happens right smack in the middle of a whole story arc that's literally ABOUT how bad and wrong it is to be hypersexualizing teenage girls. There is absolutely a line between reclaiming and objectifying in that particular context, and in my opinion it got crossed there. Maybe I'm just picking at nothing, I don't know, but... does it not seem weird and a little gross to anyone else?
  6. @IchiroSuzuki97 [1 likes]: Royal was far too easy I felt forced to play on merciless 😭
  7. @Flaz_77-YT6 [1 likes]: bro when the girls jumped Ryuji i actually got so pissed off cause they didn't even mention/speak about it every again
  8. @lukescrew1981 [1 likes]: So Sumire's arc is just the same one as Naoya's (P1 protagonist).
  9. @kieranduffy3434 [1 likes]: Incredible video and I truly respect and appreciate your view on how people sometimes need to take a step back and appreciate something. 

With that being said and with all due respect, I really don't think it is as vocal as you make it seem. P5 is universally acclaimed by pretty much everyone. On the Internet, there is NO piece of media ever produced that won't have a vocal minority that try say it is "bad" or "overrated." Think of any TV show, movie or game that is universally beloved. There will still be people that dislike it. P5 is no different, from what I have seen, P5 is incredibly well regarded and fans seem to rate it very highly and already appreciate it.

But again, fair play to you for saying it and again for an incredible video with some meaningful discussion.
  10. @blindcommander [1 likes]: Things like this get hard to watch. Not everything is so easy for everyone. Constantly hearing joy "easy" something is or that "it's really not that gard' is very discouraging.
  11. @LordUwU9030: While I didn't like it as much as P3R, P5R will be one of my favorite games for a long time
  12. @the-anime-bro: I don't think shido was a disappointment. The thing that made me like him as a Villain was how he used the metaverse, even though he couldn't go in himself he was able to use to get to where he is. But also another thing about him is his connections to the other villains of the game, each one of them had something to do wih him with Shido making him the true master mind behind everything. Yeah we don't know much about him but from what we learn about in the game is that he is the dangerous person that the phantom thieves have ever face.
  13. @kinf0rmrr: problem with makotos confidant is sae and interogation room
  14. @camusreviews6877: I think Okumura is not only just as bad as the people who came before him, but he’s more evil than any palace ruler other than Shido. He’s willing to sell his own daughter off as a sex object for an opportunity at political networking. He funded Shido and his plan by having his competitors assassinated. He was a CEO who worked his employees to their own physical (and likely psychological) ruin. All of this was in service of his own greed and ambition
  15. @Stargold-w9m: Persona makes getting the persona look cool af. between shooting yourself and ripping off a mask it’s goated
  16. @mongosv240: Uh... There's an PC port was released in 2022, Well I'm from the Future.
  17. @willywonka6487: still the best most accurate review
  18. @leandrabarros3582: I don't understand why people hate Morgana so much, even after the improvements that were made in Royal. The thing people always pick up on is the mini arc that he leaves to team up with Haru, but for me it was clear that he was insecure about himself and his worth to the team since the Thieves start to grow. It doesn't help that Ryuji is always shoving to his face how clueless he is about the Metaverse oringins besides being able to sense were the targets are. 

I love that Ren gets so worried about him that  you can't go out of Leblanc since hes so anxious, I love that Mona is the representation of hope, how much everyone cares about him. Its not about being desagreed with, it's about feeling how you don't have a place to belong. Mona isn't my favorite character, but I saw myself many times on his doubts, and it was really important to me when I was young to see that with the right people, you will always have a place to call home.
  19. @BLP04: Nuclear
  20. @UnderTheSkin13: Mishima is just a reddit mod.

- The Most Controversial Character In Persona: Kind: captions Language: en the Arcana is the means by which all is revealed there is both Joy and wonder in coming to understand another in today's Arcana which is revealed is the lovers Arcana not just any lovers Arcana Persona 3's lovers Arcana Yours Truly yukari taka we all know yukari by now if you're a Persona fan which I assume that you are since you are on this channel watching this video yukari taga is one of the main characters in Persona 3 with all of persona's existence she's a female character therefore she's romanceable there I say is probably the True Romance option for our boy Makoto Yuki it's either her or Aus but it's quite close yukari has been through the trenches with her reputation back then due to Persona 3's expansion the answer in this video I will be explaining yukari's controversial reputation and how her reputation took weird turns now we are getting into spoiler territory here so if you haven't played Persona 3 please do or you can just skip into this time stamp in the video to skip the spoilers but if you don't care too much about spoilers or have already played the game then we'll proceed on yukar TBA for me personally is a great character he's a fantastic healer support character for fighting shadows in Tartarus he's not the most OP Persona character obviously that would probably go to you narukami or Joker but I usually have her in my team whenever we do missions and grinding let's just look over her design yukar is always rocking that bright pink cardigan a black miniskirt about necklength brown hair black knee high stockings pearly white earrings and a heart-shaped choker from the original Persona 3 to Persona 3 reload nothing about her really changed much she just looked more high definition but with her style and design I think we can safely say that she's somewhat of a garu in a style sense isn't she literally Momo from dondon close enough welcome back Isa Momo from Dandan we can compare her style to a lot of other persona characters I think for me she screams the most garu and teenage girl out of all of them we can argue that both of the lovers Arana from Persona 4 and five REI kujikawa and an takamaki look like gados and teenage girls too but with an and REI they are both models so their fashion sense and style is definitely more eccentric than others yukari though her interactions with people and just how she's perceived at school he seems like a popular gu teenage girl I think that we can safely say that from what we know that she has lots of friends at the school right I know that it always seemed like yuka's friends are only the ceas people but we can deduce that from her archery club and how popular she is she has lots of friends well for my observation everyone knows that she's pretty and popular in gecko high school so it led me to believe through my observation that she is a gadu teenage girl the thing is with gadus in anime they are always these very open-minded characters they're always boasting very outgoing and the total opposite of the usual quiet and reserved characters gads in anime are always somewhat easy to spot and notice they usually have bright colors on them and they tend to have bright personalities as well not all of them have bright personalities some of them could be the worst type of people that you can think think of but they're very attention Centric they like to get their opinions out there and things like that so if a gat hates something or hate someone they can make that very apparent like they do not hold back and they hate that person or that thing with every fiber of their body yukari's personality is one that is outgoing and kind of cheery I think like the other lovers Arana they're always the same personality archetype and their problems are always related to their relationships and the people they are involved with but like any other young teenage girl yukari is prone to mood swings and other girl type things that I do not know about because I'm a guy yukar also has her share of traumatic pasts and her development in the story which influences a lot of her actions in the game and just how she is as a person which is a good indication of a good written character as for her archery skills I mean the person at three relo she was perfectly fine but in Persona 3 she seemed to miss a lot of her shots that's what a lot of people were saying saying back then I think because there was a trailer which showed yukari's 3G and people were joking about it how this isn't the real yukari because she's hitting all of her shots well I don't really know much since I played Persona 3 reload and she hit her shots just fine in that case yukari taka definitely fits the guu description we all know this by now bro is a massive June B hater and she's not one of those silently hating on someone or making pass aggressive comments towards the person to show that she doesn't like someone she fullon hates June I think one of the reasons why yukar exists in Persona 3 is to solely hate on June she's a seasonal hater and she decides her next Target is June War yo yukatan man this is a tough case even for June peori Ace detective Ace detective you're so dumb more like stupe Hast effective that come from how does one even come up with that kind of retort like why and how yukari why did these words come out of your mouth yukari doesn't just dislike Juni has this massive energy for it like she wakes up and suddenly chooses violence and directs it at Jun it's not even a subtle rivalry it's just a fullon roast session every time they're on the screen but let's unpack this for a moment ukat is constant verble sparring with Jun is a part of her guaru and teenage girl personality despite the fact that she had problems getting her opinion and thoughts out about mitsuru and the whole SE operations at that one time Hing on Jun isn't one of them stupe is defective pure poetry and motion you have to wonder if she's been practicing these lines in her bedroom because who just casually drops that what's funny is that despite all this junip never really holds a grudge if anything he just shrugs it off or he just accepts it which only seems to fuel yukari's inner hater he tries to be the team's comic relief but yukar is not having any of it to her every punch line is just another opportunity to shut him down with maximum efficiency and honestly it's it's it's iconic this kind of dynamic wouldn't work in a lot of games other than persona but in Persona 3 it fits perfectly the Seas team is already dealing with existential crisis shadows and the looming threat of death yukari and jun's love haate banther adds a layer of you know relatable humor to the group because who doesn't know two people like this in real life well despite all of that hating on June and stupe Ace defective we all know that ukari deep down cares a lot for Jun Bay I'm pretty sure all this hating on Jun B every time they have interactions with each other is just their friendly banther she doesn't actually hate Jun P it's just another way of showing her care for Jun it's like when you roast on your friends it's not like you actually despise your friends it's just good old banter all this hating on June P though all comes around to bite yukari back when Persona 3 Fest Edition came out it came with the answer the answer was a continuation of the main story of Persona 3 and it shows life after the main protagonist Makoto Yuki's passing obviously after coto's death the Seas team was definitely in Low Spirits and fullon depression mode in this continuation of the story you play as Aus since the Persona 3 protagonist died how else are you going to play the continuation when the SE team thought the dark R was over because NYX was gone or in this case sealed when the time strikes 12:00 a.m. on the 31st of April it was revealed that the Dark Hour wasn't gone yet this time they were stuck in the abyss of time they could not advance to the next day they were stuck on the third 1st of April until they solved whatever was going on everyone was at the iwat to dorm and they could not leave so you play as IUS and you go through this journey of accepting what happened helping aigus in finding the true meaning of life and essentially finding out what happened after Makoto sacrificed himself to save the world from Nyx in this journey the characters go through many trials in development by going through their paths when they rewatch their pasts it only shows them when they awaken their Persona the time when they awaken their Persona their lives have changed by a whole lot with rewatching of past events that unfold and reliving those old memories it help a lot of the members go through their time of grieving for Makoto and maybe help them come to a decision to move on and thinking that going back to try to save Makoto from his destined death was useless but from all of this why did a lot of people hate on yukar in the answer why was her reputation tainted well in the answer during its biggest of the story the C team was shown a revelation after rewatching those memories each of the C team members was given a key to unlock the door of their dorm to finally be free from the abyss of time now the catch is that all of the N9 C's members this includes metis 2 by the way total AIS Glazer that they have to use the key on the dorm door but there were two options the dorm door which allows the Seas team to finally advance to the next day and be free from the ab of time or they can use it to unlock Makoto's old room in the dorm and return to the past this was a huge dilemma among the CE team which led them to argue and fight each other and who was the provocator of all this fighting among the Beloved ceas team it was yukari yukari throughout the answer was obviously going through something internally this was given in subtle hints on how yukari just wanted this whole ordeal to be dealt with quickly and swiftly anytime there was any sentimental talk or just talking about memories she usually tried to shrug it off she suppressed all of those feelings of grief regret and sadness inside that little heart that she has and eventually blew up in the most important part I think when there was a decision to be made future or the past some of the Seas members wanted to genuinely move on but some of them were also reluctant to do it and want to go back to the past akihiko and Ken were the ones that really voiced their opinions and the team was very close to agreeing with the decision to move forward but yukari went against that and voiced her opinion and her choice that she wanted to go back to the past which resulted in the season members fighting each other this obviously started the hate for yukari a lot of people say that they hate yukari because she was selfish and she was a bit annoying throughout the answer be honest I get why a lot of people might not agree with yukari on her decisions and actions but I don't get the hate that she gets if anything it really shows how yukari is an actual human being with emotions and feelings she just lost her dearest friend or possibly the love of her life it makes sense on how she was acting and why she chose the decision to go back to the past the answer really made me put myself in ukar shoes if I lost someone near and dear to me someone that I really love and if I get any slight chance to be with them again I would probably want to take that chance it's not easy to go through loss it's not easy to grieve and move forward it takes a lot of effort to move forward I do think that people who hate on yukari just don't really know what it feels like to lose someone that they really love and care about even something like a breakup it's not easy to go through that feeling of loss is not really something to be underestimated about after you finish battling the Seas team members we can see yukari breaking down in tears and finally letting all of her suppressed emotions and feelings flow out too she had a lot of internal battle she knows that going back is probably not the best option but she just lost someone who is dear to her and it puts her in a really tough spot so that's why her repetition was sort of Tainted after the [Music] answer yukari T's reputation has been going around and around in weird places I'm sure at one point that a lot of people think that yukari is just a pretty cute jeru type girl in the Persona 3 roster and just like a it girl energy type girl she also garnered the reputation that she was basically a stormtrooper she does not hit her arrows shots at all then she was revered as the ultimate June hater with more like stupe he defective then she was also hated for the answer and now with the release of Persona 3 reload Persona 3 in modern times yukari's repetition is in a weird spot obviously old fragments of a repetition from the past are still apparent today since Persona 3 reload is just a remake of the Persona 3 that was released 18 years ago by the way older than some of you but to the new modern audience with Gen Z included her reputation is one that many can call weird you see in today's Times things like race gender sexuality plays a really big part in a lot of things many of the Persona characters or just many fictional characters in general are slowly but surely garnering reputation solely based on those things we saw from time to time that many fans of Thum fandom make a big deal on Twitter because they're pushing their head cannons onto other people and forcing it on them and when people don't accept their head cannons they cause an outrage and start spearing some hateful stuff anyways getting on a tangent there yukari's reputation in the modern times we can describe it as goofy something silly nowadays A lot of the character's repetition is really not related to anything serious prob probably because of how many stupid characters there are now and weirdly enough yukari is a target of this weird phenomenon there are so many tweets comments on Tik Tok or Instagram that shows yukari sort of being a racist he's associated with the weirdest things but it's pretty funny I think her saying the ace defective thing was getting popular and she was obviously associated with that and from that clip it literally spiraled to her just being a hateful character her overall hateful towards her race any sexuality and gender it was it was like she was being revered as the modern filthy Frank equally hating on everybody there was this video where this white girl was saying the nword and the first comment I saw was this is something that yukari would say and I was like what what this what does yukari have to do with anything not only that look at these examples so what's good my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] even Juni Ace detective you're so dumb more like stupid [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] these examples show that yukari is a racist homophobe and an angry old man how can she hate on other racist sexualities and genders if those ideas weren't even explored in Persona 3 or weren't floating around yukari at all all of the characters in Persona 3 were definitely dealing with something but it was mostly personal struggles or dealing with the current situation that definitely was a big challenge for them Michael dealing with divorcing parents Chihiro dealing with anxiety and speaking her mind in front of people hookah also with social anxiety and wishing for deeper connections yukari taka dealing with her late father and his connections to the kitty Joe group dealing with her mother who has made decisions that affected her deeply and having to deal with opening up her insecurities and learning to trust others through maku Yuki what the hell does that have anything to do with being racist there were no other races in the game they were all Japanese there were no other races to be racist to begin with and yukar is certainly nowhere near racist I truly do think that video of her saying the ace defective thing has done irreparable damages to her character and reputation whenever she makes a small SN remark towards Jun P it can be seen as something racist now instead of just funny banter it's weird how someone like yukari can be associated with this kind of thing and to be honest I find it kind of funny despite all this weird association with racism and those kinds of stuff a lot of the times I do get influenced by this and and also start thinking like oh yeah she definitely say that it's weird My First Impressions with yukari was just this outgoing pretty gatu teenage girl and I was set on Romancing her on the start of Persona 3 reload then with the internet happening I just started seeing her as ruthless and just the ultimate hater for everything it's so dangerous how the internet can really influence your opinion and the way you think that easily but I just find it funny that yukar will say the end word and have no remorse over it it's like a meme that I look forward to every time about yukar I do really enjoy the internet and the current Persona Community to make these kind of jokes with yukari it's just really funny I know she hits on our boy June every second at times he does deserve that kind of hate but I never truly believe that yukari genuinely hates Jun B I think that's what the current state of the internet thinks as well towards yukari obviously she's not actually a racist or a homophobe she's just a like filthy Franken way as in like Joi himself will do make those kind of comments but not an actual hateful discriminator and horrible person yukari TBA is definitely one of my favorite characters from Persona 3 from her Design Story social link and her overall personality which I think is probably one of the more realistic characters in Persona 3 despite her struggles in the answer I still like her character and can both understand and relate to her a lot in the in that situation her reputation took some weird twists and turns but all in all she is still our beloved lovers Arcana that is all I'll see you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrueSkelzore [6 likes]: Only bad thing in that thumbnail is selfish
  2. @LoneWolf81684 [2 likes]: She was always "meh" to me in terms of romance options, but she's a well-written character overall.
  3. @p30-18 [2 likes]: All the gooners in the comments trying to justify Yukari's existence baffle me
  4. @KingPigman66 [1 likes]: My friend called her a sl- you can probably guess that word, and when i started playing the game i was like, "ok how?" He said she wouldn't heal him, and that's why i don't play with free actions in persona games, anyways i'm gonna romance her lol
  5. @エル-d7e [1 likes]: no matter the controversy, she is still my best girl in persona series
  6. @2ramen-2026 [1 likes]: i LOVE Yukari
  7. @micaholson1052 [1 likes]: If anything, I think Yukari is pretty immature. She always rags on Junpei when most of the time, he hasn't done anything. She isn't situationally aware of dangerous situations, nor does she care about how her actions can hurt others and most of all...can't take it when people even slightly joke about her. She got upset when I told her that she looked like a heroine. Wtf. Then when I made her my girlfriend and decided to meet up for Christmas....she goes ahead and gives me a present.....a literal small chocolate...a Hershey's kiss. At least give me a note card to go along with it or something. Like I really don't expect much at all but if you're gonna do that, it would've been better if you hadn't given me anything at all.
  8. @arcuslux516 [1 likes]: "The Most Controversial Character In Persona"

Ohhhhhhhhhhhh we talking about Hitl-
Wait what???
  9. @jimr-u4z: uhhh based?
  10. @bernardohchongching224: Clearly persona fans never met a women.

Cause she just 100% accurate.
  11. @TheRealSmiley: "most controversial character in persona"
Pretty sure Adolf Hitler was the most controversial character in Persona
  12. @DDMYT: I think you miss one thing my man, original P3 Yukari.

Her reputation original came from that. The P3R tone of Yukari is softer than P3 and it's quite noticeable during P3 FES.

Edit : not the racist, homophobic and sexist stuff, that's just... I don't even know what that is
  13. @Paradox-es3bl: "This wouldn't work in most games." Alistair and Morrigan in Dragon Age: Origins? Most people seem to like Yennifer in Witcher 3. She's like that with everyone. It kinda works in everything, if done well.
  14. @bivcbmtgstgtssscqcrddgtrsm2257: I think she's just immature.
  15. @saysalla: I had Lovers SLink at 2 when I first played FES  and that made the story in the Answer hilariously stupid. Bro wanted to end humanity over a dude who couldn't even bothered to spare an hour to hang out with her.
  16. @L1v1ngDeAdGirl: Everytime I see the "ace detective" scene I feel immense dread knowing what's almost certainly going to happen. Can we please move on from  "the joke is just a slur, laugh."? The internet hates a character that's slightly selfish. God forbid a character want something. Yukari is wife material.
  17. @THE_POWAH: I Just died in your arms tonight 
🤵‍♂️🌹
  18. @romeda5156: Yukari being the worst creature to ever exist, is the funniest part of persona franchise today 😂
  19. @BoniMayne: If she was racist sexist and homophobic she’d be a better character 🥱 acting like those are bad labels now
  20. @panosplays4297: Ace detective?

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- Meta Andromeda: The Hidden AI System Behind Facebook Ads Delivery (2025 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en Have you noticed lately that the performance of your Facebook ads seems unpredictable? Sometimes cheap, sometimes suddenly loving. The old strategy you were using is no longer working. That's because meta just changes how ads really work. And the system running your ads right now is no longer the old one. It's powered by Meta Andromeda. In this video, I'll break down how this system works. Why is it important for you to know as a business owner using Facebook ads and how you can actually use it to your own advantage? Let's discuss the three main points. Number one, metaandromeda? It's important that you understand this. Andromeda is Meta's new AI powered retrieval engine. He is the one who decides which ads will be shown to the right people and at the right time. Imagine millions of ads running at the same time. Not everyone can see it. Andromeda filters everything and only shows what people will likely engage with. It uses what they call deep machine learning. Data can be analyzed faster by behavior, interest, device, time, everything. So instead of the old manual system, Meta Andromeda Facebook ads make it faster and more automated. It's like a former traffic enforcer versus Wazte. Before humans were in control, now AI is planning the most efficient route to get where they want to go. So, Andromeda is the brain of your Facebook ads. If your creatives are good and your data is in order, the system will reward you with cheaper and better ads. Number two, how it works behind the scenes. How does this work behind the scenes, Coach J? First, Andromeda filters millions of ads. So like I told you earlier, it's down to the finalists. These are the ads that are qualified to be shown to the user. So next, it checks the major things. Number one, behavior. What are your interests? What are the recent websites you visited? Number two, creative. What is it about it that appeals to you? Number three, context. What time is it? What device and what placement? For example, if you love skin care, it's late at night, it's relaxation time. So, Andromeda will show you the night serum ad. Instead of those gym supplement ads, the system automatically learns to optimize faster than before. So it's like Netflix recommendations, the more you watch, the smarter it gets. Netflix gives you recommendations. Andromeda makes ads more relevant only if you feed in a good data, creatives, and a signal. Number three, what you should do as a marketer or a business owner who uses Facebook ads. Number one, diversify your creatives. Andromeda favors advertisers who have multiple ad variations. So, you can try different hooks, colors, and even video formats. For example, if your creative was previously one per adset, now make it three or five versions. Videos, carousels, testimonials, memes. Let the system pick the winner. Number two, PID. the machine cleans data. So how is this? If you're familiar with Pixel, this is important for Facebook ads. You need to install Pixel on your website. Set the conversion events and use real lead or purchase data. Because if the data you provide is bad, Andromeda can't match your ideal buyers. It's like an AI assistant. If the instructions or data you give are wrong, the AI will also give you wrong information. Number three, you need to monitor and adapt fast. The system changed quickly on Facebook ads. So you must also be flexible to adjust. Check your daily results during the first 3 days. Purge or kill your low performing ads and scale the winners fast. You need to be quick. So before, it was okay to wait 7 days, but now in just 2 to 3 days, you can immediately see who the winner is in the ads you published. The takeaway here is don't overcontrol your ads. Give the system what it needs. That creative consistency. And let the AI do its job. Let's quickly recap what we discussed. Metaandromeda is the meta's new AI brain for ads. It filters millions of ads to only show the most relevant ones to the right people. If you want to win, provide good creatives, clear targeting, and strong signals. If you want a guide on how to optimize your targeting, I have a new system I discovered. So download the free Facebook Ads targeting cheat sheet I created. By the way, it's free and there is no charge. All you need to do is comment below the free targeting cheat sheet so I can message you how you can download that free ebook. That's it for now. This is Coach J Gregorio and remember in 2025 and 2026 and beyond, it is no longer enough to just know how to run ads. You also need to know how to play and use AI. Paid the system right and the system rewards you. See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [2 likes]: Download your FREE Targeting Guide here:
https://www.jaygregorio.com/targeting-cheatsheet/
  2. @liezelsalinas1632: Free targeting cheat sheet
  3. @ivanrellosa2029: Free targeting cheat sheet
  4. @Homeboyie2023: Free targeting cheat sheets
  5. @embrox9642: Free targeting  cheat sheets
  6. @michaelmanugas772: Free Targeting cheat sheets
  7. @Terence_Kyle: Free targeting cheat sheet
  8. @celersalazar5289: Free cheat sheet
  9. @lopezinsuranceagency-t3r: free targeting cheat sheets
  10. @sharethegoodthingsstgt9504: Free targeting
  11. @viewer2k: FREE TARGETTING
  12. @christiangerona2146: Free Targeting Cheat Sheet
  13. @dbb1972: Free targetting sheet
  14. @redeemmanalo4390: free targeting
  15. @ezragabuni5778: Free targeting cheat sheet
  16. @maryrosecodes85: Freetargeting
  17. @maryrosecodes85: Free target cheat sheet
  18. @jichaeljimenez5136: Free targeting cheat sheet
  19. @jhoevenmonares2365: Free targeting cheat sheet
  20. @yurikagrajera4422: Free targeting cheat sheet

- New Meta Andromeda Update Is Killing Facebook Ads ROAS (Do This ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en Everybody is talking about Facebook's new Andromeda update because it is killing return on ad spends across the board. So, if your ads have been struggling recently, today I'm going to show you exactly what this update means for you, why it's been so bad for certain advertisers, and most importantly, I'm going to break down how you can actually fix it. So, first things first, this update has changed a lot of how the algorithm functions, how ads are delivered to the right people at the right time, at the right place, and ultimately is one of the biggest algorithmic changes that we've seen since 2021. What I want to start with is an actual look at the white paper. Now, I'm not going to read this word for word. I'm just going to highlight the two to three things in here that everybody needs to know. Now, right off the bat, the first thing you need to understand is that this post came out on December 2nd of 2024. And even though this officially hit all accounts just about 30 days ago, it was actually rolled out incrementally to different accounts. And on top of just different accounts, it was rolled out to Advantage Plus campaigns versus non-advantage plus campaigns and audiences. So this white paper is completely public. I'll make sure we pin it down in the description. You could also just search Meta Andromeda and it's the first thing that's going to come up. So the first part that's really important for us to understand is why did they even build Andromeda? Because you need to know how they built it before you could actually find the solution to what you need to do. So in this case, they're addressing their challenges and opportunities in this new era of advertising automation with generative AI. Now, big tip here, this is something that's not released publicly. I was just at a Meta conference and they are pushing this generative AI approach very hard. I believe it's the thing they're going to stand on the most in 2026 and beyond. So in the white paper they're evaluating two main problems. The volume of ad candidates being a problem and then the tight latency of constraints. Now what does this even mean? The really short version of this is that the volume of ad candidates is what ads apply to a specific person? So of the thousands of advertisers out there, who deserves to get my impression? Who deserves to get my view? The next piece is the tight latency of constraints. This means that there's a very short time window for when my ad can be delivered to the right person at the right time. So with these two bullet points, what they're alluding to is that more creative volume is necessary. We need to have more active ads than ever before. Now, as we dig further into this white paper, you can see that there's a huge investment that Meta is taking and they're actually using very clear words like high return on investment. They really want to show that they are putting a lot into this to get the best ROI for advertisers and that while even though Facebook's getting more competitive, updates like this should make the platform even better. Now, the key thing you need to understand about Andromeda and why it is so different is in short, it is matching the ad creative at the right time to an individual. We are no longer in the audience sector of matching. This has completely completely shifted. Now, there are some caveats here which I'm going to break down, but what you should read here is very important. Meta's new personalized ads retrieval paradigm. Before Andromeda, Meta's retrieval systems were only able to apply limited personalization. They relied on isolated model stages and numerous rule-based heruristics to manage a vast number of ads. And the big difference with Andromeda is it is able to efficiently scale retrieval models by designing a highly customized deep neural network. Let me just say that in very simple terms. It can do what old meta cannot do. It can match onetoone right time, right place. That is a massive update. And now we need to make sure our structure and strategy is adapting to exactly what Andromeda is allowing us to do. So now that we've gone through the white paper, some of the key issues that they're tackling with Andromeda, you need to understand something that's actually been going on in the background in many, many ad accounts, if not all ad accounts over the last four to 5 months. I mentioned at the beginning that the white paper I just went through released in December of 2024. So they have been working on this obviously for a long time. They've been rolling it out for the course of the entire year. And now in this case, how has Andromeda already applied into ad accounts? From my understanding, from the whispers of Facebook and from basically everyone in our community, I've grown to understand that the advantage plus algorithm is the Andromeda algorithm. And prior to the full sweep of Andromeda, where it is everywhere now, any audience that had advantage plus on was using the Andromeda algorithm. In previous setups of days, even 6 months ago, this was known as ASC, right? Classic ASC uncontrollable campaigns. Now I have generally pushed to use manual campaigns in many cases which are now using the Andromeda algorithm. But if you had or were using anything with advantage plus on that would indicate you are actually using that Andromeda algorithm. There's a good chance you've been running this already. And if you've been using manual everything then you're swapped over to it. Now just so I'm super super clear. If your audience looks like this where we have advantage plus on and in many cases we are not clicking further limit the reach of your ads then you were already running on the Andromeda algorithm. If you were selecting further limit the reach of my ads and you had advantage plus up here off then you were not on the Andromeda algorithm. This is a very key distinction so you could see if you were forcefully swapped over or if you were manually swapped over. Let's talk about solutions here. How on earth do we fix this? How do we approach ads now with this new update where basically everything was ripped from under us? Okay, it is actually really simple. There is one core concept and two mechanisms that we need to apply. The core concept is we need to give everything a shot and we need to have volume of giving everything a shot. So when I say give everything a shot, I mean every single ad that gets uploaded needs to have an equal opportunity to actually spend. Now, what that means is we can't have any heavy restrictions in our ad account that we may have had previously. That means is completely completely dead because as we just read in that white paper, it has never been a better time to allow all of your ads to have a shot at serving to an individual. We are in an individual matching system. So, if you are grouping things together and restricting those things together with specific budgets or even worse, forcing budgets on ads that don't deserve spend, then Meta is going to have a harder time matching the right person to your ad. And in many cases, you will get lower ad rank, higher CPCs, higher CPMs, and of course, a worse ROI. What do we do? First, let's talk structure. I have shared this exact structure for the last year and it's almost like I had a feeling this was coming. It's almost like I've done some of my research. This exact structure where we are focused on a scale campaign, a prospecting campaign, which is the most important part of this, a retargeting, and a retention campaign. Those are all still critical. Now, let me just get the easy ones out of the way. Your retargeting campaign and your retention campaign. This is where you're hitting your engaged and existing customers. Andromeda does not apply as hard here. And the reason is very simple. That is a very tight group of customers that you are specifically targeting and you are okay with forcing spend on that group. Where Andromeda is going to have the most value is for acquiring net new customers for your business so you can actually scale. So what we want to focus on specifically is the prospecting campaign. Now the prospecting campaign is the campaign that we are launching individual broad packs every single time we upload new creatives. So the workflow here is very straightforward. We run a single prospecting campaign on a CBO structure. The reason the CBO structure works here more than ever is because Andromeda is built in a way where it needs to have the flexibility to spend the cash on whatever is working the best or wherever it can match the most relevant ad to the right person. The next piece and the rest of this is essentially organizational pieces. It's still very important to have organization in the ad account because it's no longer about breaking things out and setting budgets. It's way more about making sure you're understanding what packs apply where, when packs need to be paused or restarted, and even making sure you're limiting the learning phase of many, many, many packs that you may launch. Each of these packs that we've been running for over a year now with this exact setup host anywhere from one creative to as many creatives as you need, but you only launch those on a specific day. So, if I have ads ready today, they get launched in a pack. If I have ads ready by the end of this week, then they get launched in a new pack, right? And you can see here, I like to date my packs. So, if this was the first day of the year, I'd say broadpack one. If this was the 15th day of the year, I'd say broadpack number two. Okay? So, when we build this core system, which we have right here, this exact core system that I have on my screen right here, we're going to have a lot of ads, which is very, very important. We want to have creative diversity. We need to have creative diversity so that Andromeda could show the best ads to the best people at the right time. That time factor only comes into play if you go wide. Meaning you run CBO, campaign budget optimization, and you don't have a dozen different campaigns in your ad account. So, if your ad account has 20 different campaigns in it, all active, all with little individual budgets, you are going to get crushed because you are essentially force-feeding this massive algorithm that is meant to do the exact opposite thing. That is meant to work slowly and allow the best ads to get served to the best people at the best time. That is the key. Now, for loyal listeners out there, I know you want to talk about the graduation process. The graduation process remains the same. You do two things in graduation. Graduation is just a place to host your best of your best of your best ads. You should really only do this when you're at least spending $10,000 per month. Otherwise, just ignore this step completely and just continue to run broad in interest packs. When you graduate, you do two things. First, you take your best of your best ads and you graduate them into a scale campaign. So, you take that ad. I'll show you in ads manager right here. You take your ads from prospecting that are the best of the best. You duplicate them and you push them into the scale campaign. The second thing that you do is you take that same top performing ad. So let's say it was creative number five was our top performing ad and we graduate that into an interest adet. Now the reason we push this into an interest ad set is because we want that hyperco competitive environment that allows Andromeda to spend money where it's most likely to make money back. And we want to target lightly with interest groups. The key of interest groups is that they expand the broad audience. So, if you look at your broad audiences, you'll notice that you might only reach 10,000, 20,000 people, 100,000 people, 200,000 people, but you're not anywhere near the 150 million people that you could be targeting. And what often happens is you get stuck. My broad audience can only reach this many people. And maybe you could push it really hard, but it gets higher and higher in cost. So, when you run interests that are successful with your best ads, your broad audience actually finds new pockets of potential success and therefore expands over time. This is a very important concept that basically everyone needs to understand. By the way, if an update like this is absolutely blowing your mind, then go to the moonlighters.com/apply to actually see if you're fit to work with us so that you can be months and months ahead of this, right? We want to be at the cutting edge of any update that's happening because days and days of waiting to apply the right structure, strategy, system, and actually have hands-on help could cost thousands of dollars. That said, this Andromeda update is a huge one. And if you want to go into way more detail about the structure that I just detailed out, then click this video right here where I break down my exact structure in extreme detail, probably five times as long as you just heard, so you can understand exactly what campaigns, adets, and even ads to set up. Don't forget to triple down on your creative volume right now. It has never been more important, especially as we head into the fourth quarter. And lastly, if you got value out of this video, let me know in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @smm.ticher_uz [17 likes]: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  2. @FurkanSaygin-cu9rd [2 likes]: Well, I tried this approach, but it’s not working on my end. I’m only seeing problems: ad overload doesn’t lead to better results, it just fragments delivery and makes analysis messy. Now I’m sitting on hundreds of ads with no clear learnings, and costs are rising for no real gain. We should consolidate (fewer, stronger creatives) instead of spraying budget across endless variants.
  3. @MarcusGreene-rq7wd [1 likes]: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  4. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l100
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l100
  5. @carlylayton6719: **cries in managing clients with multiple product streams with separate departments/budgets requiring multiple of their own campaigns but all within the same ad account *
  6. @BarbaraHaratyk-u2t: GREAT VIDEO, AS ALWAYS 👍just a quick one, there are so many different opinions on a new account, how many ads in 1 ad campaign and how many campaigns and why?
  7. @alexthiago1556: No.
Andromeda does not depend on Advantage+.
Even if you do NOT use Advantage+, your account may already be fully within the Andromeda system.
  8. @wurfbehaviour: I'm more then confident to say that ad account or campaign structure does not matter that much. I have seen more than enough accounts with 1 campaign doing extremely well. That includes small budget accounts as well as high spending 100k+ monthly accounts. The most important thing nowadays is creatives. Fix that and everything else will be fine.
  9. @yinnshengng7837: I have 4 questions:
1) When do we decide or what are the indicators that tell us to stop the broad ad pack ad set?
2) Just because someone watched video for 3s or clicked and engaged with single ad, this does not necessary mean that shows high intent - is this really best to exclude them completely from prospecting campaign?
3) In your pov, does bid cap/cost cap still useful today?
4) In scaling fastest horse tactic, how did you scale budget on specific day of week, age, location since all are within single broad ad set?

Thank you.
  10. @MrBJP123-v4e: my question is : isn't it better to go back again into manually setup the targetting? 

since andromeda trying to control directly and we cannot know which targets it choose for our ads. or am i wrong in this part?
  11. @Tryitall992: Been getting ton of messages from blank profiles. Help😮!
  12. @zahreddinesoualem3213: What you’re saying here is that I should take the best ads from all the ad sets and put them into the scaling campaign and/or the interest ad set at the same time? is that correct?
Another quick question: you mentioned duplicating the winning ad set and pushing it into the scaling campaign. What exactly do you mean by that? Is there a way to move an ad from one campaign to another without losing the data gathered during the testing phase?
  13. @saintsrulz: Our ROAS is actually high as fuck rn
  14. @alamshaukat2: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  15. @apolonsanya1831: This video really captures the challenges we’re facing! Using Rumora has made it easier for me to engage authentically in these discussions.
  16. @SultanSultan-n3e4o: wow my ads are tanking, thanks for the heads up
  17. @OmarKmal-vb7yu: seriously this makes so much sense now
  18. @rangamatitv7752: def gonna check this out asap
  19. @dilyorbekyusupov8012: this is wild, i had no idea
  20. @rum247tv.gh_Tv: man i need to step up my game

- CREATIVE IS THE NEW KING  META'S ANDROMEDA The End of Targeting  The Rise of AI-Driven Creative Ads: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Okay, so if you're running ads on Meta's platforms right now, you know, Facebook, Instagram, you've probably noticed things have gotten a little chaotic, right? Campaigns that were once your absolute winners are suddenly unstable. Your costs are all over the place, and the old rules just don't seem to work anymore. Well, you're not imagining it. There's a massive shift happening, and it all comes down to one really big question. So, let's just dive right in. Is manual ad targeting officially dead? I mean, for years, the best media buyers built their entire careers on being able to meticulously craft the perfect audience. But if you're feeling like all that control has just vanished into thin air, you're on the right track. Because the very foundation of how meta ads work hasn't just been tweaked, it's been completely rebuilt from the ground up. And this right here, this slide, it illustrates the change perfectly. We used to tell Meta who to show our ads to. We'd say, "Hey, go find me women 25 to 34 who like hiking and also shop online." But now the AI is asking a totally different question. It looks at a user and it asks, "Of all the ads I have in my arsenal right now, which one is the most relevant for this specific person at this exact moment?" The focus has completely flipped from the audience to the ad creative itself. It's a total 180. So yeah, this isn't just some small software update. We're talking about the end of an era, the age of manual granular targeting as we all knew it. It's over. So, let's break down what that actually means for you day-to-day. All right, so think of these as the four new commandments of advertising on Meta. First, manual targeting is out. Going broad is in. Second, and this is the big one, your creative, the image, the video, the copyright. That is the new targeting. It's the signal that goes out and finds your audience for you. Third, you know those super complex campaign structures with dozens of different adsets? They're actually hurting your performance now. Simplicity wins. And finally, you absolutely need a constant stream of fresh, diverse creative if you want to stay in the game. So, what's the force behind this massive earthquake shaking up the ad world? Well, it's a new, incredibly powerful AI system that Meta has been rolling out, and it has a name, Andromeda. To put it simply, Andromeda is Meta's new ad retrieval engine. You should think of it less like a targeting tool and more like a recommendation engine, kind of like Tik Tok's for you page. It analyzes the creative itself to figure out who is most likely to respond to it. And it does all of this in real time. This slide completely reframes your job as an advertiser. Seriously, you're no longer an audience segment. You're now more of a creative curator. Your new job is to feed the machine a wide, diverse library of different ad creatives. Andromeda's AI then does all the heavy lifting, assessing millions of possibilities a second and making that perfect match between your ad and a user. You're basically building a library of creative intelligence for the AI to learn from. Now, of course, this transition, it has not been smooth for everybody. This new system has created a very specific set of problems that, let's be honest, many advertisers are really struggling with right now. The first and most common issue is just performance instability. As Andromeda is recalibrating its understanding of everything, campaigns that were once stable, predictable winners can suddenly show these wild, erratic results. It's a period of relearning for the AI, and it can feel like a really bumpy ride for us. Now, for veteran media buyers, this is a really tough pill to swallow. All those manual levers we used to love to pull, you know, the bid rules, the audience layering, the detailed targeting, they're pretty much ineffective now. This loss of direct control can be incredibly frustrating, especially for those of us who are used to micromanaging every little detail of our campaigns. And this brings us to what might be the biggest new challenge of all, the creative bottleneck. Since your performance now depends almost entirely on the quantity and the quality of your ad assets. Businesses that don't have a strong efficient pipeline for producing unique creatives, they are really, really struggling to keep up. And finally, of course, a lot of people are seeing higher costs. During this transition phase, as the AI is learning all these new signals and re-evaluating the entire ad landscape, metrics like your CPMs and your CPCs can temporarily spike before they eventually stabilize. Okay, so we've covered the problems. We know what's going wrong. But the good news is there is a clear path forward. So let's get into the playbook for not just surviving, but actually thriving in this new age of Andromeda. Success in this new era really boils down to these three core pillars. First, you have to radically diversify your creative. Second, you must simplify your account structure. And third, and this might be the hardest part for a lot of us, you have to learn to let go and actually trust the AI to do its job. This table just lays it out so perfectly. The old way on the left involved all these fragmented campaigns and tons of adsets just for testing tiny audience variations. The new consolidated structure is so much simpler. one campaign per goal, a single ad set that contains all of your creatives, and you use broad or advantage plus targeting to give the AI the maximum possible room to work its magic. And look, when we talk about creative diversity, we are not just talking about changing a button color from blue to green. As this slide shows, true diversity means you're testing fundamentally different emotional angles. You need to be feeding Andromeda creatives that test value, aspiration, transformation, community, and trust. Each of these is a distinct piece of creative intelligence and it gives the AI a much richer data set to find that perfect match. Of course, none of this matters if you can't actually measure what's working. And just like targeting, the old ways of tracking performance are now pretty much obsolete. To put it as plainly as possible, highquality data is the fuel that powers this entire Andromeda engine. Without clean, accurate, and robust conversion data being sent back to Meta, the AI is essentially flying blind. It's the classic saying, garbage in, garbage out. So, here's what your tracking stack needs to look like today. First, using Meta's conversion API or KP is now mandatory. It's non-negotiable for accuracy. Second, you have to live inside the creative level reports in Ads Manager. That's where you'll see which assets are actually driving performance. And for more advanced advertisers, using multi-channel creative analytics platforms is becoming essential to get the full picture. If you take away just one single thing from this explainer, please let it be this. The new system is designed to reward advertisers who focus on creative strategy. And it punishes those who try to overengineer and micromanage the algorithm with overly complex structures and targeting. And this brings us to the final and most critical question that you really need to ask yourself in this new AIdriven world. Is your job still just to build ads? Or has your role evolved into something much bigger, much more strategic? Building a system of creative intelligence that continuously feeds the machine, learns from it, and adapts. Because the answer to that question is going to determine your success from here on out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @askadlee: Great video!

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- 5 Different Facebook Ad Personas: Kind: captions Language: en when you're scrolling your Facebook newsfeed there are different types of polls or s that you see on Facebook thinking of each posts are as a person trying to talk to you connect with you or network with you after all Facebook is a social networking site what type of app would you be talking to [Music] as a business advertising on Facebook have you thought about what kind of person is your ad what is the persona of your ad in this video I wanna discuss review three annoying persona on Facebook and two interesting persona on Facebook the first annoying and persona the narcissist we are the world best company the Singapore's leading company when you go to a social event or gathering nobody likes the person that talks about himself all the time likewise on Facebook ads you wouldn't tolerate a narcissist either on Facebook we want to talk about the interest of the tire audience and what's in it for them instead second at persona the pasar malam Lelong uncle 70% discount 50% discount free gift you see them all the time it's okay for businesses to give this cow and promotions from time to time but you don't want that to be the central highlight of the app businesses wander balance giving tips and values and entertainment to their target audience while also providing the discounts so that you are seen as a brand of value the third episode ah the weirdos in social event you see them and you try to connect and make friends with them but there's no chemistry at all on Facebook this advertisers try to grab your attention using shocking images but there's no relevance at all the ad the image the copies doesn't jump and they go off tangent and you catch snowball at all these are the weirdos so how do you know if your ad is not performing and not connecting with the target audience check your click-through rate if your click-through rate is less than 1% it's a red flag and you need to do something so what can you do I wanna share with you two interesting ed personas which are the storytellers and the news reporters the number one interesting ad persona the storyteller from Korean drama two-bit sight stories we human just cannot resist following story it just captures our attention and your story could be a personal one a business one or customer testimonial as long as your story has this three main elements which are the setting the problem in the resolution you will capture the attention of your target audience and make them continue reading one example is this one by Adam Koo it was a story about the unbowed that he received from his grandfather and how he got him started in the journey of investing personal stories like these are very effective because it boosts rapport with you and your target audience and is ultimately good for business other stories that include that of OCBC and about their customers stories don't have to start off with once upon a time you can start off with a question or scenario or whatever that is based on your creativity the number two interesting persona the news reporter people are on Facebook for reason besides stalking their friends or their ex girlfriend or boyfriend on Facebook people are dead to read news or just about any piece of interesting or entertaining information of course when you provide news or interesting information you must do so in a conversational way instead of a robotic way because that's the lingo on Facebook social media one example is this news of how hearing loss can have several dangers such as leading to dementia and whatnot based on latest research so depending on the type of business that you run you wanna provide relevant piece of information news or any entertainment for your target audience that can add value to their lives on Facebook have you come across any eight personas that you feel didn't matter or work out very well for you comment below if you enjoyed this video feel free to like comment and share thank you for watching this video and I'll catch you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @ivangoh5619 [1 likes]: I learnt a lot from this. Thank you Ted!

- How to Create Irresistible Ecom Ad Hooks (that nobody can skip): Kind: captions Language: en These two video ads on my screen right now are virtually identical. I mean, it's the same product, similar shots, similar length. Yet, one of these ads made over $50,000, while the other didn't even make a single sale. So, what's the big difference? Because on the surface, it's kind of hard to tell. Well, it really just boils down to one thing, but that one thing is the most important when you're creating video ads. Because you can have the perfect script, editing, clips, framework, audience, yet if you miss this one thing, then your audience isn't going to watch the rest of your ad. and therefore they're not going to buy whatever it is you're selling. Now, if you couldn't guess already, it's having that scroll stopping pattern interrupting hook. And after I had a chance to analyze thousands of ads from the top drop shipping brands that are consistently making video ads that scale to thousands of dollars a day, I realized a very clear pattern emerged among what they do in their hooks to get their audience's attention every single time, which is really just combining three hook elements. a scroll stopping visual, a curiositydriven script, and having a value promising text that we are going to cover how to do in this video because you can create a perfect hook for any product you test instead of just relying on blind luck or watching a top 10 hooks video and copying that and just praying something sticks. So, I'm going to break down the exact three-step formula that I follow with examples that I have taught to my 101 students as well that has helped them scale to from zero to 100,000 or from zero to 5,000 orders or in this case, I mean, we have so many students that have seen immediate success when they implemented this into their video ad framework. Now, the first most important thing when you are crafting your hooks is realizing that on social media, I mean, just think about it. When you scroll, the first thing your brain registers is always going to be the visual every single time, especially when it's gooning hours. I mean, I can attest to that. So, when it comes to having that visual pattern interrupt, what are the key things that we can do? What are the formats that are just time-tested and proven to work every single time? Well, the first one would easily have to be raw reactions. When you see a video of someone immediately crying or laughing or shedding a tear, that's going to stop your scroll because it's so genuine. And you see it a lot of times in these gifting hooks. So you see this video right here, we got a little gift hook. She's just crying her eyes out, which makes you think, okay, what is the product? Why is she crying? Why is she acting like that? So immediately that stops my scroll. Looking at the next one here, look at this girl's reaction after she uses the product. >> Hate putting mascara on camera, but I want you to see this because this is literally real time me trying it. Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at that. >> So, she says, "Holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] look at that. It is such a raw, genuine reaction, which is the same reaction that your customers are going to want when they use your product as well." Now, taking a look at another one here, we can see. I mean, this one's a little sus. I'm not going to lie to you. It's a little sus, but is it going to stop your scroll? 100%. >> Oh, so good. >> I just got this viral back. >> Oh, that's exactly how I sound after the tortoise sits on me every single time. Can't get better than that. But whether it's just moaning, just a genuine, you want a genuine human reaction to at least be one of your hooks. If your product is something where it's very visceral like that, and you can apply that to products where it doesn't necessarily make sense logically. So, for instance, let's say I'm selling a weight loss product. I could have a girl crying looking at the before and after pictures of what she used to look like or just in shock putting her hand on her face because of how much she's lost. She didn't even realize it from using your product consistently. So, it's little things like that. Can we have a raw reaction? Because of course we're humans. We respond to other humans and when we see those genuine emotions, it's going to stop our scroll. Now the next thing, extreme problem. Don't show an itty bitty minor version of your problem. Show the worstcase example. If I am selling a skincare product, don't show someone who has one pimple or two pimple. Show someone whose face looks like a godamn minefield. And in this case, okay, this girl, her hair looks like an absolute mess. So again, this is what her hair looks like or this is the desired result. She wants her curls to look like this. But naturally, they don't really have that volume. They don't really have that bounce to them. So she's identifying in the hook through this is an extreme version of what the problem looks like. I mean, this is terrible. I mean, I would never even consider going out with a girl that had hair like that. I mean, makes me sick. But showing that extreme version of the problem. So in this case, this is probably the most I mean, dramatic example, but this is the top ad right now in Calata. I am not BSing you. I'm not bullshitting you. This ad has done over $400,000 this week. And look at this visual. How can you not stop your scroll? It's literally, it's fake poop, but basically in the hook, he says, "If your cat is pooing and peeing in the bubba bah litter box, this is what will happen." And he has a visual example of literally [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in his hand. I mean, you cannot get more extreme with that to the tea. Now, let's take a look at one more example just so you get an example. Um, just so you get an idea. So the acne. Yeah. Again, I want to show worse version of the problem because that is going to be the thing that stops the scroll. Again, what's that visual pattern interrupt? If I show someone who's got a little bit of acne, is that going to stop my scroll? Most likely not. Now, going to our next key system, desired result. So, if you already know what your customer wants to look like or feel like or what they want their desire to be. So, let's say for instance, to have a clean spotless kitchen, then in the hook, I'm going to show a clean spotless kitchen. If someone wants to be more muscular and look better, I'm gonna have a model that looks like a Greek god, that looks like Chris Bumstead, even though he didn't compete in Mr. Olympia this year. I mean, who won? Who's that that other guy who always loses to him? Anyways, um here we go. So, desired result. I want my carpet to be as clean as possible. This another ad over $100,000 this week on Calata, and you're seeing the desired result of just instantly getting all that dirt and grime off your rug and having it look brand new. visual hook on the money. Now, taking a look at another one, we can see, oh gosh, this is going to be a sus one. This is going to be good for the thumbnail, though, so we're going to need this one. Sorry, boys. Got to get those likes and comments. But we can see here, dumper max shorts. I mean, how does this not stop your scroll? We literally have ass jiggling. I don't understand. These white girls are getting built different. They're getting built in a lab. Something's happening with the milk supply. I swear. I'm not complaining, though. I ain't complaining. But anyways, that's going to get your attention because it's showing the desired result. That's what you want to look like. So therefore, you show it in the hook and people are going to be like, "Oh my god, damn. If that's what they're doing, then I want to have that product, too." Now, another one, before and after. Very simple. Show before and after shots or photos. So, in this one, the guy shows photos what he used to look like with a ton of acne, and then he shows him today, which obviously has a desired skin. So, before and afters makes a lot of sense if you're selling weight loss, if you're selling acne. Honestly, a lot of even like before and after in the previous example of this is what my rug used to look like. Here's what it looks like now. And then if you look at um this is specifically, I believe the uh people at High Smile. So High Smile, their hooks are the best in the game. They've consistently done over $100 million every single year mainly on Tik Tok ads because their hooks so visual. So you see the brown teeth before and after, white teeth in a few seconds. And when you see that visual proof, it stops your scroll. Makes you think, "What the hell is this product? What does it do? I'm interested." So, before and after. And then as a bonus, we'll do one more product demonstration hook. So, we already saw a product demonstration hook with that vacuum cleaner, but this one pregnant uh pregnancy pillow, you just showed the utility of your product with a product demonstration hook. So, if you can show what it does without telling people what it does, always a smart idea for the visual. So, I'm visually showing you here's what the product does. And I know uh for instance, I had another product. It was a pheromone perfume. And I'll see if I can like play a quick clip. But that pheromone perfume product, instead of telling people, hey, this is going to get you guy attention. This is going to get you girl attention. I just showed someone putting it on, they went out and then they got hit on. Cause and effect. So if I can visually show what the product does instead of telling, that's always very smart. And as a quick final bonus hook that is visual, because the visuals are the most important thing, this is what stops people scroll more than anything else is a text hook. When you have a text hook that is a giant paragraph of text, it forces people to stop their scroll to read it. They naturally have the curiosity in their head of okay, what what is it being what is being said here? I need to know. I have to. So, that is a quick little hack that you can do and at least for one of your ads and one of your angles and that typically is always going to have the best hook rate just because naturally people are going to want to know. It leaves that unfinished thought in my head of okay, what is being said here? I have to stop my scroll to read all of this. So, just keep that in mind. Those are little hacks, but that will make a huge difference in your hook rate and the likelihood of someone watching the rest of your ad. But the other element that we already talked about, and before we get into this, if you do need help with your video ads, your websites, your product selection, basically everything you're doing because you've been drop shipping for a while and still just not seeing the results you want, I do have a one-on-one program that is linked down below where we have multiple AI workflows that will do this hook research for you. It will find the clips. It will write the scripts. So you don't even have to think about this. So that you can go into the higher leverage task of your business, which is continually finding more products and building more websites. But we have a full AI branded drop shipping program that has all the workflows for creating your product images, your descriptions, so you can test as many products as you can to get your first winner to scale to $1,000 a day like so many of my students. And for me personally, guys, even though I do drop a lot of sauce on YouTube, this is barely even 10% of the information that I give in this program. So, if you've been watching for a while and want to work with me, I do have a few spots remaining. So, click that link first in the description. Let's work together and make a ton of money this Q4 before it ends. Now, getting into the second step of nailing your hook, guys, you got to have the right script. Now, when it comes to the scripted hook, this is what's being said by your voice over, your narrator. The biggest mistake I always see is people will say a statement, but you don't actually create any curiosity. You just close the loop. So, you'll say a statement like, "Yeah, moms, the reason you're not losing that stubborn belly fat is because you're not in a calorie deficit. Why would I watch the rest of your ad when you already gave me the answer?" Do not give people the answer. Create curiosity. Moms, this is the real reason why that stubborn belly fat keeps on staying or why you can't lose it. That creates more curiosity than, "Oh, use my product or uh it's because of this." Do not tell them. You can identify with them by saying here's your problem, but don't give them the full answer. Otherwise, there's no reason. That's like giving the ending to the movie in the beginning. You don't do that. You don't give the exact ending. You'll give a little bit of a sneak peek, but you don't give them the whole thing. Now, another thing before we get into these scripted hook frameworks is make sure for the love of God, no matter the format, you are saying something specific to identify your target audience. If you are writing your script and anyone could appeal to this, it's not a good hook. So, for instance, if I'm selling a weight loss product and I have a hook that's so generic that anyone who's losing weight could appeal to it and could relate, it's not specific enough. It needs to be for a specific demographic of people, specific avatar, and ideally a specific one unique persona. That's how specific it needs to be. And you can do that in a variety of different ways, and we'll cover that in the frameworks that we're about to cover. So, a little things like that. Also, use emotions and specific details. So, for instance, don't be broad. Don't say, "I tried so many products to get rid of losing weight or my get rid of my acne." No. Say, "I've spent $180. I've spent over $1,000 trying to get rid of my acne, and here's the best solution I found." So, naturally, you're a bit of an authority because you spent all that money. You've gone through the trial and error. So, I'm going to listen to you. Or, I was in pain. I've been in pain for so long. I've been I've had back pain for so long. No specificity. I woke up in a cold sweat. My heart was racing at 3:00 a.m. My back was nag. I would have to sit out of my chair every few minutes just to stretch out because my back felt like it was in shambles. I felt like an 80-year-old and a 20-year-old body. That is the layer of specificity. And you can only get that specificity through market research. But let's cover a few other of these little hook scripts because these are templates that I will consistently use to get people's attention. The first one, contrarian hooks. I love this because by definition, it stops your scroll because it's a pattern interrupt. So you need to know what is the current beliefs my audience has about the niche or whatever the problem is and what they think is the best solution and then tell them that it's not. So for instance, expensive serums are not why dermatologists have perfect skin. So that's the common belief. Celebrities have been lying to you about how they actually get glassy skin. Celebrities get certain desire or get rid of certain problem. That's a very common format. The key to losing weight has nothing to do with blank. So essentially what is the popular belief and then tell them it's wrong. That is the formula to writing this. So keep in mind for your product. So if we were doing like a knee brace, the key to getting rid of knee arthritis isn't having surgery. Isn't spending thousands on surgeries or physical therapy? Because then they're going to be like, "Okay, what is it?" If you're disproving what I believe to be true, then I'm going to be open to listening to your argument as to why. I want to learn a new bit of information. That is where curiosity strikes. Next one, benefit outcome foreshadowing. So when you watch this video, this is the benefit you are going to get. This is the outcome that you will learn of how to do. So here's I lost 30 lbs without stepping foot in a gym. Here's how I got rid of chronic back pain without pills. So you can read these. I know you're not illiterate. Probably read at a fifth grade reading level, but these are at a fifth grade reading level. Don't worry, I dumbed it down for you. But the formula is here's how I did blank without having to do something that they believe they needed to do. So, let's say I'm selling a product specifically for sleep. So, here's how I sleep like a baby every night without relying on melatonin, without relying on sleep pills, without having to do blah blah blah blah, whatever the most common thing is, without having to cut back on caffeine. Little things like that. So again, what is the benefit? What is the outcome? You can only do that through market research, but that is a great way to format it. Another one, identical call. This has become very popular if you study brands like Goalie. Goalie, they do over $100 million a year. Their most popular framework is if you're someone who dah then you need blank. So if you're someone who has sleeping issues then you need magnesium. If you're someone who has gut problems then you need blank. So they'll do that over and over again. They have like five hooks in a row and then they introduce their product. Now do you need to do that? No. But in your hook is there a way that you can specifically call out the identity of your audience. Your audience isn't every single person who can eat your product. It is a specific subset. You want to niche down. Figure out that niche. So, for instance, an example I bring up a lot is those barefoot shoes. So, if I'm selling those barefoot shoes, I want to figure out what's the subniche that I'm marketing to. So, it could be pickle ball players. So, if you're a pickle ball player that's dealing with annoying, nagging foot pain, then watch this. Then you need these shoes. Or then these shoes will change everything for you and you're wondering, okay, what do these shoes do differently? Or then you need to switch from your regular shoes to these. Then it creates that curiosity. So, little things like that. If you're someone who loves sweets but hates the calories, then you need to watch this. Then you need to try this. Then this is made for you. Little things like that. And then I love bringing up this example I did in a recent video. If you're an entrepreneur higher up on the ADHD spectrum, which is exactly how I identify myself that is I'm not just any entrepreneur. I'm one with ADHD. So if ADHD spectrum that has tried the Pomodoro method, has tried all these productivity systems and nothing's worked for you, then here's why. And then you explain and then you can do a product intro. It doesn't even feel like an ad when you do it that way. It's so smart. It's so smart. So, if you're specific identity, then you need to see this. If you're someone who hates or loves this, then you need to see this. Really, really powerful framework. Now, let's do one more before we get into our final final step of putting this all together. If you've been enjoying this video so far, by the way, make sure to leave a like and subscribe. Comment kitten if you've been enjoying and if you learned something new. Anyways, story hooks. So typically with this you do need to have the framework of the adbia story but sometimes if you do it smart you can kind of get away with it being something that actually is universal. So I couldn't walk upstairs without knee pain for 5 years and my doctor was convinced I need surgery that can actually go into a problem solution script because then you can aggravate. So essentially what is the story? What is the common scenario that your customers are right now living through? What is their daily frustration? What is their life like right now because they don't have your product? So, I avoided getting in and with my husband for 6 months because I was so self-conscious about my body. Again, this is a weight loss angle, but the way that it's specific towards, okay, when I have these weight loss issues, when I am overweight, how do I feel about myself? Well, that means I'm not having sex as much. That means when I look in the mirror, I don't like the how I look. It's little things like that. Can we create a story around it? Okay, so you have knee pain. Why does that matter? When does that affect you? Think about it. When you have that problem, when is it going to nag you in life? Because when you can explain the story of here's what you're dealing with, here's how painful it is and how you can actually get rid of that reality, you have the power to get rid of it, then people are going to trust you. So keep that all in mind. Now, a final final little tidbit before we get into the final step is that you can mention a unique mechanism and that's usually smarter to do than mentioning your product. So for instance, if we go back to one of our frameworks here, so if you're tired when you wake up, sleeping more isn't sol. So I could say if you're tired when you wake up, then you need to try out this pillow. That kind of already gives the answer of what you're going to learn in this video. So what you could do instead is if you're tired when you wake up, then you need to start doing the three-step blah blah blah method. Then you need to start doing X, Y, and Z. or if you are constantly breaking out then you need to try this fish oil solution because when you hear that unique mechanism and not a product it gets you curiosity it gets you thinking like what is this thing I've never heard of this so what's that unique mechanism if you are struggling with knee pain then you need to try advanced red light therapy then you need to try and I would give it more fancy name like having a terminology having a mechanism having a specific way you describe it instead of saying you need this product is a really smart way to create more curiosity than kind of already giving them the idea where they're like, "Oh, I've already heard about that." So, you can give them that new name, that new mechanism. Very, very smart way to create that curiosity. Um, like I know for instance, when I make TikTok videos about uh drop shipping, I won't say, "Oh, here's how I use AI to make $1,000 a day." No, I'll say, "Here's how I use little AI agents." So, I have specific keywords, AI agents. When people hear AI agents, they're like, "What the hell is an AI agent?" It creates curiosity, makes you want to learn more. than if I just say, "Here's how I use chat GBT to make $1,000 a day." You're like, "I've already heard it. I already kind of know what you're about to say." So, final final final thing, text hook. This the worst thing you can do with a text hook. So, again, we want to combine all three. We want to have a scripted hook, visual hook, and a text hook. If you don't know what a text hook is, I'll show you a few examples. A text hook is the text on screen. Now, the worst thing you can do is repeating the exact same thing as your script. And I see it over and over again. If I have a product where I'm like, "Okay, here's how I got rid of X, Y, and Z. Here's how I got rid of 30 lbs and blah blah blah amount of days." You repeat the same [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] thing in your text hook, which provides no additional curiosity. Your text hook is another chance at hooking your audience. So again, understand the idea of what your ad is going to be, but then try to think of another way of saying it, another way of foreshadowing. Here's the value of what you were going to learn by continuing to watch this video. Now, there's a few other hacks you can do, but again, keep it to six to eight words. And remember, you're trying to foreshadow here's is the value. So POV is a really great one. So POV, I finally got benefit. POV, I finally got rid of a problem. Another one, a Tik Tok comment. Now you can do this on top comment.com. Have a very frequently asked question or objection or thing that your customers are going to be thinking about. Have that as a Tik Tok comment and that's going to stop their scroll because naturally they're thinking about that. Now, another thing you can do, uh, if we scroll down, lazy girl hack to look and put together. So just mentioning here's the benefit for a specific audience. You're you identify as a lazy girl. You want this benefit. Here's what you're going to get. And then the final one, four signs you have parasites. Most Americans have three of these. So, you're going to watch that video to learn, are you one of those people? Do you struggle with this? If you have this, then that's a problem. And you see that a lot in Pet Lab Co. ads. With Pet Lab Co., they always say, if your dog is doing this, if your dog is showing these signs, then they most likely have bacteria. If your dog has one of these five signs and you're like, "Fuck, I got to watch all five signs." So those little three steps, if you have one sign, creates that curiosity, gets people to watch the rest of your ad, which is the whole freaking point of doing all that research. So I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I hope you learned a thing or two. Make sure to leave a like and comment and subscribe down below if you did. Make sure if you are interested in personally working with me and getting access to all my product page templates, my ad templates, my scripts, and my AI systems that will write all this copy for you so you don't have to remember all the things you learned in this video, which again I know is valuable. Then click the link down below, join my oneonone program, and I can't wait to work with you soon. and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SharkSRT [5 likes]: Me watching these vids like I’m prepping for a final:
  2. @Eugene.Gotishan [4 likes]: i have never glazed another man in my life like i do to ethan. Bro is out here dropping value bombs left and right making me feel guilty for being able to watch his yt videos at no cost.
  3. @Eugene.Gotishan [1 likes]: kitten
  4. @ecoverified: kitten
  5. @ahmet5342: Kitten :) Amazing Value Bomb. 🔥
  6. @toonoftheday4636: nice video bro i used to struggle with hooks too, now i check mimiads to see real ads that actually get clicks helps a lot when ur writing new creatives
  7. @SOUPY2: 🔥🔥🔥
  8. @godeal365com7: Text hook
  9. @godeal365com7: Product demonstration hook
  10. @godeal365com7: Before and after
  11. @godeal365com7: Desire results
  12. @godeal365com7: Extreme problem
  13. @godeal365com7: Visual pattern interrupted
  14. @godeal365com7: Raw reaction

- How to Create Irresistible Hooks (and blow up your content): Kind: captions Language: en today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need what you need is to understand the psychology behind why those hooks worked and then the tactics for how to use that psychology in your own stuff so these are going to be the six best ways to improve your hooks immediately and if you do all of these I guarantee your videos will perform better I know this works cuz content is all I do I have almost a million followers billions of views and these are the secrets for how I go viral whenever I want all right tip number one is actually the mega tip it's my full three-step hook formula and this is how I look at social media you are driving down the highway at 70 mph I need you to see something stop turn around and come back the other way so how do I get you to do that the way I do that is by building a curiosity Loop and this is one of the base Commandments in storytelling if you want to tell a great story you need the viewer to watch the first line and feel so compelled that they can't dream of doing anything else then watching the second line and the third line and so on the domino effect this is the Curiosity Loop and the deeper the loop the more Curious you are The more I've hooked you so the question is how do I do that in just three or four sentences and the answer is that I built a formula that does this every single time it's three steps the first step is what I call the context lean in the first line or two I need to do two things one I need to be super clear about what the video is actually about topic Clarity and this is so you as the viewer can self- select in in or out based on your interest if I'm talking about investing and you don't care about investing I actually don't want to trick you into watching the video because you're not my target viewer but if you do care about investing I want to Signal this to you as soon as possible so I need to give you immediate context about the topic the second thing I need to do is get you leaning in context lean the more you lean in the more Curious you are these are the easiest ways to get somebody to lean in establish Common Ground reference a benefit or pain point they may have use a metaphor to simplify a complex idea or tell them something so interesting it blows their mind you need them to be connected and feel like what you're talking about relates to them in some way let's go through an example one of my videos this is the sphere video I made that got 8 million views I want you to just watch the first two lines the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane biggest screen ever built 20 times bigger than an IMAX right away I'm telling you exactly what the context of the video is the sphere and the tech inside and I'm getting you to lean in by talking about the SC screen showing it and referencing to how much bigger it is than an IMAX something you may have known now this is taking the show you something interesting to blow your mind route of the options and of course not everyone is going to be interested in this video but if you heard about the sphere or care about tech in venues you're going to be leaning in okay so that's step one now step two is what I call the scroll stop interjection this is a single line meant to act like a stun gun I need you to start leaning in and then immediately I need you to stop being able to move forward like you ran into a window and the best way to do this in practice is is by using a contrasting word I like to use the word but but you could use things like however yet although therefore on the other hand things like that and this is more just meant to be a setup line for the haym maker that's coming in step three but in order for them to accept the hay maker you need to stun them first now back in the sphere example let's watch both the context lean and the scroll stop interjection together the tech in the Vegas sphere is insane bigger than an IMAX but get this the screen is actually the least impressive part of the whole thing so at this point I've kind of stunned you right I first established context and got you leaning in about how interesting the sphere is talking about the TCH and the screen but then I stunned you and told you the screen is actually not impressive at all at this point you're like what could possibly be coming next I the screen looks huge I can see it in the visuals and this is the Curiosity Loop that is building you wondering what is coming next is replacing any thought that could be distracting you and send you anywhere else all right time for step three this is the haym maker I call it the contrarian Snapback now the contrarian Snapback is a sentence that goes in the opposite direction of the initial lean it's still on topic but it snaps the viewer back on a different path and the bigger the shock the bigger the snap the better the effect so let's finish the sphar example now with all three parts part of the whole thing because the most impressive part is the audio this is going to blow your mind at this point I've got you hookline and sinker I established context immediately I got you leaning in the case that you were interested in something about the screen or something new you hadn't seen before then I stunned you and played the Uno reverse card snapping you back in a different direction instead of talking about the screen now I'm talking about the audio that is the Snapback at this point you are fully hooked and fully curious about what comes next you can't dream of doing anything else other than learning how this audio is more impressive than the biggest screen ever built that's hookline and sinker now it turns out if you go back and you analyze best performing content from any Creator across any medium a lot of it follows this exact same formula and it doesn't just have to be the big new style entertainment Style video type content if I'm making content as a real estate agent and I'm purely looking to drive leads to my real estate practice pure B2B I could say something like this there are three massive mistakes people are making with their mortgage the average person pays an extra $122,000 per year now most people think it's because of high interest rates but it turns out it has nothing to do with that because the biggest waste of money is actually coming from see what I did there now I don't know anything about real estate I don't know what the right answer to that is but just that hook setup even without me knowing any context I can get you leaning one way and then the other and if you're a real estate agent and you make content in that format I guarantee that would drive so many leads it would build you as Authority in your category that's what you want to do that hook format works every category every space and if you don't believe it works I'm going to do a magic trick because I use the same psychology formula on you for the hook in this video and if you're still watching that proves it worked let me show you exactly what I did so I started off by saying this today we're talking about hooks if you want your videos to perform better you have to make better hooks so right away this was me giving context on exactly what the video is about hooks but also creating common ground and getting you to lean in around the benefit of making better videos If you figure out how to make better hooks this started building the Curiosity Loop in your mind now if you watch just those two sentences and you don't really care about making videos or making content then that didn't really apply to you and you've probably bounced anyway but if you're at this point right now I guarantee it's because you're trying to figure out how to make videos to perform better so this built common ground with you which is my target viewer okay so that's step one so context about the video and I got you leaning in so now what's next the next thing I said was this but here's the thing I'm not going to give you a list of 25 proven viral hooks cuz that's not what you need this is the scroll stop interjection the stop sign the red light the stun gun and this stops you in your tracks because I'm reiterating what you've ially heard in the past typically you see creators talk about the list of the 40 best proven Hooks and then they give you the list but you know this isn't the answer I know that's not the answer so I'm using that embedded belief in your head that you know it's not the answer to stun you into waiting to see what comes next this is just the setup line to give the contrarian Snapback but it works especially well here because you and I both know that conventional wisdom doesn't work and so I'm playing on that embedded subconscious belief okay so so far you've stopped the car and you've exited off the highway now how do I get you to turn around that is step three so what did I do next this is the last thing I said what you need is to own stuff and this is the contrarian Snapback because most people have heard the word psychology whether you study psychology or not you've heard the word psychology and you have a suspicion as I delivered it that that actually would result in some surprise or secret information that's way deeper than the conventional wisdom you hear that and you believe that to be true so I've snapped you back off the conventional wisdom back to this psychology frame which is what I'm talking about so when I say hey if you want to achieve X don't do y do Z and if you want to achieve X you're going to listen it works every time the key though is that you need Z to actually be compelling which in this case I think it is this is actually the formula I use and I know it's proven to work if you just do this game but then you don't actually have anything at the end of the rainbow people would just churn and you're a fraud so this formula Works in all types of videos it's not just short form long form and it works everywhere else anytime of content in conversation in life this is BAS psychology 101 context lean scroll stop interjection contrarian Snapback now implementing this in every different video and every different use case that's what takes reps in practice that is not easy and because it's so hard I'm actually building a software that's going to do all this for you automatically not just the hooks but the entire script you'll just put in the topic and I will take all the content Frameworks and psychology baselines that I understand and we'll just write the script and the hook for you to make the video compelling 60 Minutes of script writing work distill down into 60 seconds that's what we're going for it's called sand castles now we haven't launched it yet it's coming soon the beta is going to drop soon we have a massive weight list make sure you're on that weight list because we're going to have a launch price that's going to be lower than we ever offer and anyone on that weight list is going to get it so sand castle. we're going to help with all this automated script writing and hooking all right so now that we walk through the base psychology and the formula which is really important to cover up first let me go through some extra things that will really help you sauce up your hooks on top of that Foundation cuz I promised six and that formula was technically one so here's the other five all right the second thing is visual hooks I say this a lot but visual hooks are so so so critical in the video I cannot overstate the importance visual hooks are probably 100 times more powerful than just spoken word Hooks and it's because people read faster than they can hear or that they can visually comprehend a full video scene I've said this on many other videos but if you just put title text your videos will do so much better so Step One is put three to five words on the screen in a big bold font that helps build that context lean if you can speak it in one to two sentences can you write three to five words and distill that message down a good example of this is in my video about life siiz floor plans this video got like 15 million views check this out these are called life-size floor plans I use the text future of Home Design and life-sized floor plans with arrows to quickly establish the context and I used future of Home Designs instead of Life-Size floor plans at the beginning because lify floor plans is kind of the name of the thing and I didn't want to risk misunderstanding that is how critical and in detail I get get with these visual hooks that's how important they are now the second piece of the visual Hook is the visual itself you want the most compelling visual possible with enough motion to hold their attention it's like when a deer sees something out of the corner of their eye in their Woods they're going to stop and they're going to look and they're going to see it you want that same effect with your visual too much motion and you're going to overwhelm them and it'll miss the context too little motion and you're going to bore them and they may churn you need just enough motion sometimes this motion could be a girl in a get ready with me putting their hair up kind of leaning forward and leaning back that sometimes is just enough motion to stun the viewer into holding and watching for more this famous Colin and Samir video about the Rayband metas this has 60 million views the reason this went so viral in my opinion is because the initial clip has the perfect amount of Rapid motion and then him in the mirror that motion holds and allows them to talk about the point which eventually convinces them that the ray band metas are cool so motion is so critical in the visual hook the combo of text on screen plus the motion in the video plus the spoken word that combo is way more power F than just a spoken word now the third and fourth tips are about helping you build that common ground that I talked about in the context lean the third piece is also based psychology it's that people like hearing things that they're already interested in but they're open to hearing New Perspectives on it if they think that New Perspective will unlock a benefit or solve a pain point that they have in the category so if you make a video about magnesium as a supplement an average way to write that hook would be something like you should be taking magnesium because it's one of 21 core building block minerals it's kind of decent but it requires a previous understanding about magnesium and doesn't really talk about a benefit or pain point a better context lean here would be something like if you want better sleep you need to be taking magnesium this leads with the benefit of talking about better sleep and then introduces magnesium as a potential solve even if someone is against supplements or against magnesium they will likely wait and hear you out because their desire to solve the pain of not sleeping well is so strong when you're riding hooks you always want to think about what the benefit fit or paino solve is to the Target viewer and then work that in if you can all right now the fourth piece to building the common ground is cult hopping and I've talked about this before when people hear something that they've heard before it unlocks a comfort in their subconscious and the opposite is true it sounds weird but if you hear a bunch of stuff You' never heard before you start to feel dumb and you don't like that feeling so you bounce away this is why if you tried to listen to an advanced physics lecture and you've never taken a physics class you would likely feel super dumb and not want to listen to it so when you're making videos about com complex or Niche topics you need to find a way to wrap the unknown idea in something that is known some common layer and one way to do this is what I call cult hopping this is taking a known brand or a celebrity or a movement or some cultural reference and using it as a metaphor or a comparison around your point for example if you make videos about complex tax planning maybe you talk about how Taylor Swift's financial advisor would plan her estate around the arist Tor earnings she just made or maybe you just reference her in a group of celebrities when you talk about the elite level of wealth that you serve using these references is a really easy way to establish that common ground and it's subconscious but it creates comfort for the viewer and you don't need to make your full piece of content around that celebrity or brand but this will help you draft off The credibility and the popularity of something that already exists when you're still smaller and growing all right tip number five is to compress speed to value and this is a say I use a lot especially when I'm talking about short form video when you make a piece of content you should feel like you have a timer Counting down in your head before that content explodes and no one pays attention to it for short form that timer is about 4 seconds for YouTube videos that timer is maybe 1 to 2 minutes so you need to find a way to compress the time to demonstrate initial value to before that explosion line and that applies to both educational and entertainment content the best way to do this is to give a little hit of value right at the front either in the hook or right after the hook because you don't want to bury your best stuff think of it like this anything you make after they click off might as well be a black screen cuz they're not going to see it you should frontload the value as much as possible you're not going for full completion your super fans will watch the full video you want to frontload the value as much as possible to eek out an extra 30 seconds at a time now I find that as long as that first hit of value is unique and helpful they will typically stay around long enough to give you a chance to show your second hit of value that same logic that we apply with a curiosity Loop should apply to this value Loop give context immediate value give context immediate value frontload that as much as possible ideally you can inject that first hit of value within the hook that's when you're really masterful but if you can't do it in the hook do it right after the hook to keep them all right now the sixth super tactical tip is to make your hook sentences staccato and if you don't know what staccato means staccato is a type of note in music that is short T that's staccato now I talked about in my storytelling video which I'll link at the end of this how it's good to vary the length of your sentences to create a diverse Rhythm and that is true for the whole video but for the hook up front you want to compress short sentences as much as you can and the reason why you do this is because shorter sentences force you to achieve Max Clarity it increases the density of value per word at the beginning and when time is at a premium at the beginning of the video you want to increase density value per word as much as you can go shorter initially and then expand to medium and longer as the video extends all right as you can tell a lot of this is just getting the Reps in and continuing to iterate and learn how to do this make this subconscious there are dozens of other tips that I didn't have time for in this video that I also try to infuse as well it's all about the Reps now this takes time I've spent thousands of hours doing this myself what you really need are reps and then guidance from somebody who has more reps than you and this is the type of thing that I help people with in short form Academy right now the academy is closed but make sure if this is the thing you need help with and you're interested in be on the wait list short form. Academy we'll let you know first when we reopen and also guys check out all the free resources that I have in the description I'm not lying when I say this I put almost all of my best stuff out for free it's all in the description you just have to click subscribe and I will send the stuff to you so make sure to check that out if you're you're struggling make sure you're on the wait list for sand castles and we'll see you guys on the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [41 likes]: Get my free guide on how to make viral videos (1M+ followers, 1B+ views): https://viralityblueprint.com
Try my AI scriptwriting tool (idea to script in 60 seconds): https://sandcastles.ai
  2. @ben10foster-i2d [1 likes]: Great video, the Instagram growth tips were explained clearly and felt easy to apply 👍
  3. @ghoulstuffs [1 likes]: This is the best video on hooks on YouTube 🔥
  4. @parthbedii: Really insightful video, the YouTube growth tips were clear, practical, and easy to understand 👍
  5. @Blake700-q3c: Nice video, the Instagram growth tips were simple, clear, and genuinely useful 👍
  6. @sualk-elber: you talking to long time without a result. On 6:14 you said against to talking about Hooks. I stopped and quit.
  7. @Elliraus: I just want to show what i tattoo ("tattoo with me" format) but i don't know what hook I should do
  8. @VfxBlender: sand castle says 5 dollar risk free but your description says try free. Kinda of misleading
  9. @1chinthu: Hi https://www.youtube.com/@FLOWJOY2i2
  10. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: نريد دبلجة الفيديو الى اللغة العربية
  11. @loronlavoie5890: If your content is compelling and it fulfills you, you wont have to do fuckk all to promote it. iMo
  12. @josephthomas2226: Also brilliant that you create scarcity. When you say that your class is closed knowing that you want to have more people and makes people want it more.
  13. @kevinloganjr2280: Had me till he said that dumbass software that will make you sound slime everyone else. 

And GONE!
  14. @jawadbadaoui4258: But how does that work for a vlogging hook
  15. @healingheartnetwork2237: Great video thank you!!!
  16. @brieflyobsessed: Interested in that software!
  17. @Kumarkivani: bc I often skip the into part... to see the main content
  18. @Jeenconcepts: I recommend movies and struggle with hooks. I need help!
  19. @eyeprops5422: Insurance salespeople are the new You Tubers.
  20. @UniversumMensch: Very good! THX 😁

- Ad Hooks vs Angles (why it matters for Meta's Andromeda update in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Is this an angle or is it a hook? What about this? Are you not sure? You are not alone. For most marketers, the lines between these two terms are seriously blurred and it's one of the most confusing concepts. But in this video, I'm going to break it down for you so that you finally understand the difference. And I'm going to tell you why knowing the difference is pretty critical for scaling on Meta in 2026. Hey, I'm Tiana. I'm a creative strategist with roots in traditional copywriting and I help DTC brands find more winning ads on Meta, more often with copy first creatives that convert. Before we dive into this topic, why the hell does it even matter if you call it a hook or an angle or just an ad idea for that matter? Well, if you are consistently producing winning ads, if your win rate is well over 30% and your account is scaling, then yeah, this just does come down to semantics. However, if you are like most brands that I start working with, Andromeda probably took it for a little spin and you're probably struggling with a pretty low win rate because suddenly that old approach of throwing spaghetti at the wall and kind of hoping an angle sticks doesn't really work anymore. So, you need a reliable and repeatable system for producing messaging first ads so that every ad that you produce is really strategically targeting specific customers with a very sniper-like approach. So, what does that mean? Well, it means that understanding how to apply these copywriting principles to your ad creatives is actually really critical to scaling in 2026, which is why I decided to make this video for you because this is a tiny piece of the puzzle that could actually unstick your ad account. Okay, so let's get into it. To define what an angle is, I'm going to back it up to traditional advertising principles and consult the fathers of advertising. According to Eugene Schwarz, the author of Breakthrough Advertising, an angle is this, the way you channel existing desire toward your product. So, in other words, the angle is the strategic approach behind the ad. It's kind of your big plan that you believe will persuade your audience to buy. The hook, on the other hand, you defined like this. A hook is the headline's job to seize attention for the idea that you are selling as in the actual words that you choose to introduce that angle to hook your audience grab their attention so that they watch long enough to absorb that angle at all. Now although Schwarz was not around to see meta ads he would agree that the headline in the case of video ads is that first three seconds because that is the amount of time that you have to hook your audience. Now here's another way to frame this. Okay, let me give you a analogy. Say there's a dude in a bar and he sees a cute girl across the room and the objective is to go and get her number. So this dude needs a strategy. He needs a plan for how he's going to persuade her to do that. So for example, he could walk over and compliment her on how beautiful she looks because he thinks, "Hey, that's a good strategy, right? I'll flatter her. I'll make her feel happy and good so that she wants to see me again." Okay, great. It's not a bad plan, but it is just a plan. It's just a strategy. It's just an approach. There's still a very important decision he needs to make. What's he actually going to say when he walks over there? When he's standing in front of her, how is he going to introduce that bigger idea to her in a way that's not going to scare her off, but make her want to sit around for a few minutes and hear him out? Well, he could say, "Hey, you're beautiful." Or he could say, "I saw you from over there, and I had to come over and just tell you you're beautiful." Or he could say, "Excuse me, can I tell you something?" Right? That plan to win her over by telling her that she's beautiful. That's his angle. But those words that he actually chooses to say when he walks over to her, that is the hook. And that will make or break it because it will determine whether she sits and listens to what he has to say or if she simply walks away before even has a chance to ask her for her number. So, just like this dude, when you're coming up with your ad concepts, the angle that you choose is the strategic approach that you plan to use to win your audience over to persuade them to ultimately take the action that you want them to. In your case, click. And then the hook is literally just your opening line. So, what's really important to understand here is that these two elements have to work together to get your audience to ultimately take action. So when it comes to your creative strategy, this is super super key because for every one angle you come up with, there are endless number of hooks that you can use to express or introduce that angle. So your next question is, how do I know if I have a good angle in the first place? Right? So let's unpack that a little bit further. The angle needs to define three things. One, which desire the ad will activate. two, which painoint or benefit the ad will amplify, and three, which motivation you will attach your product to. So, for example, let's say that you're selling a stain remover. And after doing some thorough research, you narrow in on one very particular persona, the pet owner who's dealing with so many old pet stains on the carpet that they think that their carpet is ruined and they have to completely replace it. So you as a very smart marketer, you decide to write an ad that speaks directly to that persona. So you define this angle. Instead of replacing your carpet, get rid of old pet stains with one spray of this. So does that angle meet our criteria. Does it define one, which desire the ad will activate? Yeah. To renew the carpet in a few minutes for just a few dollars, right? Two, which pain point or benefit the ad will amplify. Yeah, both actually. The pain point is the ugly pet stains on the carpet. The benefit is a carpet that looks brand new. Three, which motivation you'll attach your product to. Yes, the simplicity of it. You will save time, energy, and money. Don't replace your entire carpet. Instead, just spray this on the pet stains. Instead, your carpet's going to look good as new. Great. Okay, so we have our first angle. Instead of pet stains with one spray. Now, we have a lot of options for our hook, that opening line that we use to introduce that angle. So, for example, you could use a POV style hook. POV, you just save $1,000 on your carpet because you got this spray to get rid of pet stains in minutes. Or maybe it's a demonstration style hook. Watch me restore a 30-year-old carpet with two sprays of this pet stain remover. Or maybe it's a simple problem solution hook. Pet stains making your carpet look old. Do not replace it. Use this $12 spray. These are all valid options because although they hook the viewer in different ways, they're all living within the parameters of our angle. That's why your angle is important because it's defining the message that you want to communicate to your prospect so that your hooks have a very clear objective. Let's do a few more examples together so that you know exactly what I mean here. Let's take our same product, okay, stain remover, and our same persona, that pet owner struggling with pet stains, but let's use a slightly different approach to persuade them to buy our stain remover. Angle number one was instead of pet stains with one spray. And we wrote those three hooks. Okay, so let's come up with a totally new angle. Angle number two, this spray gets rid of 15year-old pet stains in 15 seconds. Three possible hooks there. 15 seconds, 15 years of pet pee gone. Watch this 15-year-old pet stain disappear in 15 seconds. I have been staring at this pea spot for 15 years, and today I'm going to try the viral stain remover to get rid of it. Right, let's come up with one more angle. Angle number three. This spray is the number one best solution for removing stubborn pet stains. Let's write three hooks that go with that angle. One, I tested three cleaning hacks on this pet stain. Only one worked. Two, baking soda trick versus this new pet stain remover. Which one works better? Three, I have been trying to get rid of this pet stain for 3 years. I finally found a solution that works. So hopefully you're starting to understand how laser focused and truly diverse your ads can become when you break them down in this way and you craft your ads systematically like that by getting super clear on the persona you're talking to and how you're going to approach them with an angle, what you're going to say to them with the hook. That is when you're going to begin to see those higher win rates, especially with the Andromeda updates. It's the total opposite approach to what I see most advertisers doing, which is throwing a high volume of spaghetti at the wall and kind of hoping that it sticks. And this is just one tiny little aspect of a full copy first creative strategy workflow, which is a system that you and your team can use week after week to walk through this process step by step from data to developing those personas to defining the angles to writing killer hooks and ultimately producing diverse winning ads that actually scale. This is the copy first system that I have developed to help seven, eight, and nine figure DTC brands crack that meta code. So, if that interests you, click the link uh below this video to book a call with me. We'll hop on, we'll chat, and we'll find out if I can help your team implement that strategy and workflow as well. And if you found this video useful and you want more free training like this one, please let me know by hitting subscribe and dropping a comment below and just tell me what topics do you want me to cover in our future videos. Until then, I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chisomdebra5128 [2 likes]: Content was so good it forced my hands to the subscribe button. 😂
Thank you Tiana for this, I appreciate it especially as a Direct response copywriter transitioning into creative strategy.
  2. @raznas1335 [1 likes]: Man, this video is so good for beginners. I've watched so many videos, this really clarifies those terminologies. Thank you. Subbed
  3. @theJazir [1 likes]: Hey Tiana Asperjan, I came across your page — your content feels very real, not over-produced. I liked that 🙂 I know your inbox is full of editor DMs 😂 This isn’t a “please give me work” message. I focus on improving retention (stronger hook + cleaner pacing), and in a few of your videos I felt this is the only area holding back reach. If you’re open to it, I can re-edit one of your existing videos for free so you can see the difference, no guesswork. If it helps, great. If not, totally fine
  4. @TianaAsperjan: 👉Work with me: https://wfxv62xc1gl.typeform.com/to/pxDOa4yl
  5. @nikolanewsletter: Great video!!! Thanks for your time
  6. @hamzaelhoubi-p9l: hello tiana i have a question , I noticed that you chose two angles:  angle 1 : ease and Angle 2 : speed.
 What makes us choose certain angles over others?
  7. @raznas1335: What's the different between angle, messaging? I assume is the same thing.
  8. @klickbeastppc: How does the angle relate to the core message described in your other videos? I'm getting lost in the variables here.
  9. @Lesterthebeet: So the angle is basically the benefit you are highlighting?
  10. @mikesolismarketing: you were the only person i saw on social media talking about this specific thing! than you so much, was so helpful
  11. @evanpoulnais7020: Hello, thank you again for this video, which is so valuable. I just wanted to ask if you could make your videos available in different languages, because I'm from France and it's much easier to follow and watch them in their entirety in my own language. Have a nice day, thank you.
  12. @KurtYaz-biz: Really nice vid Tiana! Just subbed
  13. @cristian.daczo1: Hey Tiana, can you please correct my defintion of the angle (i'm confused): For example: Coffee doesn’t give focus — it creates unstable stimulation.
This is your Core Message that you are trying to portray to your customer through your ad. (what you want the customer avatar to believe)
The Angle is the strategic approach you present this message in your ad, it can be presented as this information was found by a research in China lets say and therefore this is called a Discovery angle, OR you may communicate this message through explaining the mechanism of how coffee is bad for you as it spikes the cortisol and then you get the afternoon crash and then how to fix it with our product and therefore this is a Mechanism Reveal angle.  I think I am a bit off here so can you please redirect me?
  14. @Shashwat_real: I won’t sugarcoat it, Tiana, this is gonna be a pitch. Currently, your thumbnails aren’t fully leveraging their potential yet. I do thumbnail strategy and design, and my website link is in my bio. I'd love to help you upgrade your video's packaging.
  15. @Maverick-3D: So happy to find ur channel
  16. @mohammad1418-n8j: Oh Boy, How are you even providing this info for free.
  17. @AdishJain-f4p: can you aslo create one on creative concepts, and what's the difference between concepts, angles, and format.
  18. @vladislavkabanov6932: This is sauce. +1 sub for sure 👍
  19. @lavrosvd: Hello Tiana, this content is gold!
  20. @PatrickUnrath: thanks! I would say an angle is the why behind the buy 😀 thats why for me your angles examples are the same: getting rid of pet stains (thats the motivation, thats one angle). maybe another angle is that this spray is 100% natural (thats a different motivation, a different why)

or am I wrong here?

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- Meta Ads Post-Andromeda: The Only Structure You Need: Kind: captions Language: en All right, guys. Welcome to the first lesson of agency. I don't even know how to call that series. Basically, I'm going to share a whole bunch of knowledge of how to start an agency. And I think it's going to be kind of like a free course on YouTube consisting of different episodes or series for different avenues of things that you need to do in the agency. And there will be modules on sales and marketing. There will be modules on fulfillment on the operations. Today I kind of want to dive into a channel specific module which will relate to Facebook ads and just give a quick overview of one of my top performing account structures that I've been using for the last 2 years plus and I still use to this day even in the post Andromeda environment. It actually performs even better than it used to perform because it's kind of like a chat scaling strategy we're going to call it which not everybody likes. Some people like to be very structured and it is a structured approach here as well. But it's very simple once you understand how it works. It's kind of like recuting flywheel. So I wanted to cover that on today's video and then record a lot more episodes talking about other things related to meta ads/ Facebook ads different approaches for uh testing things for launching other campaigns audiences and stuff like that in the future creative testing included. Today's episode will be focused just on that top performing account structure that is very simple yet proven to work where you only need to focus on the inputs not necessarily on controlling the account structure itself. You need to focus just on making sure you provide the best possible creatives for testing as well as optimized landing page for uh connected customer journey so your results were successful. The account structure by itself doesn't result in stronger or worse performance when you just look at it in a standalone environment because people when they see your ad users on social media whether it be Facebook, Instagram, any other channel, they do do not see they can't see your account structure because that's the back end of how you're setting up the campaign. All they can see is creative and copy which in my view creative takes up 95% of performance and um because of taking up majority of the real estate or space when people get to see the ad itself. Creative is just way larger than the copy that compromise that creative and then the landing page to which we send the traffic. So we're not going to look at creatives or landing pages today. We're just going to talk about the account structure. about those things, those two things specifically, both landing pages and creatives. We will come back and talk about both of them in more depths in the future videos. If you do like this format, please let me know in the comments. [music] Put that like button and subscribe to the channel so you don't miss future episodes. We're going to release the whole framework of how we have scaled our agency from zero to 100,000 plus per months in recurring revenue over the next couple of weeks and months. And it's basically gold. You guys can just follow this free information and rebuild the whole agency from your side if you're not a lazy individual and see similar success to us or if you need help. Uh we will be releasing mentorship and community in the coming months as well which I think [music] will be helpful to you if you get stuck and you just want to be surrounded by people who are like-minded individuals on the same mission. And if not then it's all good. Just enjoy the free series of lessons. Let's get started. I'm just going to pull up Figma and screen share my Figma document that I have created. Just a little Fig Jam chart. I'm not going to go into the ads manager today and show the account structure in the ads manager. Maybe in the future when we get to looking at the audiences and stuff, I'm going to do this. But today, it's just a mind map that I have created in Figma for the simplicity [snorts] of the explanation and keeping the video shorter rather than longer. All right, guys. on the screen right now. You should be able to see the little structure that I have created in Figma. And please forgive my handwriting. I know it's absolutely terrible. I'm left-handed and it looks just disgusting. I know. I'm sorry. But please bear with me. I will talk through the things that I have written down. There's only a few words. Majority of the text, the most important stuff that relates to what we're talking about today will be in the printed text in the boxes. And then my handwritten notes are just to support the explanation. That's all it is. Anyways, let's get started. So, when you create a Facebook account, um the two main account structures, the two main campaigns, sorry, that I use in our main account structure are testing campaign and CBO scaling campaign. We like to test all of our ads creatives is what we are primarily testing. Not just the ad copy, but the actual ad creatives. We like to test them in the testing environment where every single ad gets its own dedicated adset with its dedicated budget and where all other variables are kept constant other than the creative itself. Unless we are testing the landing pages which is a whole other story. We will get to that in the future lessons. Let's not jump ahead here. If everything is constant except for the creative say the primary text all of the different at copy variations and headlines are the same landing page is the same audience targeting is the same age targeting is the same demographic targeting is the same everything is the same location targeting is the same gender yada yada yada creative is the only thing we like to test when it comes to creative testing in its own dedicated campaign so we use testing environment for that we would create. And let's actually switch here. You can see our testing campaign. The way it's structured is we like to put each individual new ad creative that we test in its own dedicated adset like I said here and run them alongside each other at roughly $5 to $10 per day in budget up until CPA target cost per purchase point or maybe slightly past that say 1.5x the target CPA target cost per purchase. And then if no conversions occur, we kill the losing ads. If there are any proven winners, which we will define by multiple purchases occurring within the target cost per purchase. Uh not one because one can just be a random conversion. We want to see at least two or three conversions to show um to see the proof or the trend that creative actually can perform. and it wasn't just a one-off random conversion and [snorts] then scale those winning ads in its own dedicated campaign which we'll talk about in a second. But again, when we run the tests, we create individual adsets all of which are identical when it comes to the setting or the setup of these adsets. It's always going to include our if you already know what audience is your top performing audience uh somehow maybe from the previous tests that you have already ran when you were uh using your original account structure. We use that audience in our creative testing or we use if you're just starting brand new the highly relevant audience of people who let's say if you're going after the audience of people who are interested in info products you would target people who are interested in channels of popular info product gurus you know I'm not going to know go and name names now but I'm sure you have heard of them and you know it yourself so meta has a really good tendency to create interest groups around the topic that people are interested in even if there no group on Facebook about it just because a lot of people are interested in a topic. Meta usually tends to create an interest stack or interest group about it and then all of the people who have ever engaged with that type of content or who have liked that type of content on any of the meta platforms whether it be Facebook or Instagram real stories or feed uh or if they have signed up for any sort of website where you know you can sign up with Facebook there's usually a function another way how Facebook collects information about you and knows what types of things you're interested in. So you would want to go after that relevant interest tag and use that same targeting setting in every single adset in the testing campaign. So you can see here it's top performing irrelevant interest tag, top performing relevant interest tag. And then I have it repeating three more times to have a total of five duplicate adsets. All of which have the same targeting settings, same location settings, same everything. Absolutely identical adsets. [snorts] And then what happens inside each adset in this testing campaign is we have an ad that usually will include same variables for everything except for the ad creative when it comes to creative testing. So we would include as I've already said same primary text same at copy same headlines we would include same landing page no changes whatsoever in the Facebook page used or Instagram page used from which the ad is being served in the feeds and stories on reals placements and the only different across the only difference across different ads in different duplicate adsets in this testing campaign is the creative itself which would usually revolve around testing different creative angles targeting specific buyer persona which again creative is a whole other story. We need to have a dedicated session just for this and talking about our approach to testing creatives. This is just for the overall account structure that has proven to work regardless of what type of ads you're running. So say uh one duplicate adset would target or would include the ad creative number A or number one. It would be a particular angle and then the duplicate adset in the same testing campaign would include a different ad creative. It would be at creative B or at creative number two. And then you would do this duplication of adsets with identical targeting settings and identical everything except for the creative as many times as there are new ad creatives that you would like to test. Say in say you have just produced or your team has just produced five or six new ad creatives you would like to test. So in that testing campaign you would have five or six duplicate adsets all of each have same everything inside the ad single ad in each adset but a different creative inside each of them. So this way we are only focused on testing one variable keeping everything else constant and that one variable is the ad creative. So what happens afterwards once you're on the test as we already discussed spending up until the target cost per purchase or up to 1.5x the target cost per purchase and you either start seeing conversions or not seeing the conversions you then make the decisions around which ads need to be scaled, which ads can be considered the winning ads uh and then which ads need to be retired or fully turned off, killed, whatever you want to call it. Again, the ads that have produced two or more conversions within the target cost per purchase can be considered winning ads which should be scaled up in the CBO campaign which we will look at in a second. And any ad that has not produced the results uh after spending nearly as much or the same amount basically as your proven winning ads should be killed so you don't waste the budget on those ads. So what happens also when you start scaling the winning ads is you do not kill the winning ads in the testing campaign. Say the ad creative C was our top performing ad. What you will do is you will kill at creative B at creative A at creative D at creative E. All of them you would turn them off in the testing campaign but you will continue to run at creative C. You would keep the budget the same. actually maybe even increase the budget on this adset given that you have already proven that this ad is working well. Or you can continue keeping the same daily budget for a few more days/ weeks to just prove that this ad is actually working well. And then if you continue seeing the pattern of strong performance after the initial surge in result, which will show or prove that this ad can actually drive sales, you can then consider increasing the budget by you know doubling it, tripling it. I suggest doubling it every week or every four to five days just to allow MAC to catch up and make sure that you're still maintaining strong efficiency as you start increasing the budget. So aside from that, aside from increasing the budget on the winning ad in the testing campaign and retiring all of the losing ads, you will want to take this at creative C and put it into the CBO scaling campaign. And I just realized it says at creative B here. Uh let me just quickly fix it, guys. Once we identify that winning ad as I've already said at creative C, what you will end up doing is you will end up creating a separate campaign which we like to call CBO scaling campaign where we use campaign budget optimization instead of the adset budget optimization. We set the budget on the campaign level. instead of pre-seelecting a specific daily budget for each adset inside the campaign which is what we usually do for testing to control their environment at scale. We don't like to control the environment ourselves manually. We like to let Meta algorithm take over and just let it cook. It knows how to optimize the results much better than you. Usually Meta employs a lot of very smart engineers who all get paid a lot of money and Meta's algorithm is really good at identifying people who are looking for your specific offer who just need to be presented it at the right time in the right place which is where your ad creative comes in place when you serve it in the stories feeds or placements depending on where meta syncs it is more likely to convert. We haven't talked about the placements but I usually do not like to modify the placements. I just always select automatic and then meta automatically allocates the majority of the budget towards the top performing channel which usually for the older demographic is feed placements and stories and reals on the Facebook platform. Boomers like to use Facebook. And then if it's Gen Z product or millennial product, it's okay. Millennial product might be a combination of Facebook and Instagram with Instagram still being slightly more dominant. And then in case of Gen Z, it will be predominantly significantly larger budget allocation towards Instagram channel. Facebook will likely be non-existent. A very low budget allocation will be put towards Facebook channel because Jenzers don't really use Facebook. They use a lot of Instagram res. Uh brain rotting. You guys know it yourselves. So that's where Meta would put the budget by itself. We don't like to control the setting. I just let Meta cook and usually we see very strong results. Strong results when we choose auto placements compared to when we try to play around with whether we want to go specifically um stories only or specifically reals only compared to targeting all placements or letting Ma cook. And then every single time I've tested at scale specifically auto placements outperformed manual placements by significant margin. CBO scaling campaign. Once you identify the winning ads, what you will want to do is you will want to create a CBO scaling campaign as I already said and there you will want to have three or four [snorts] different audiences/ adsets. Those four different adsets in this case unlike in the testing campaign will have different audiences. One of the audiences will be actually the same audience that we have used in our testing campaign to test the ads. We're talking about this one right there actually. Sorry, not this one. We're talking about this one right there in the middle. Top performing relevant interest stack. We like to use interest stack in the testing campaign that has already discussed either the top performing one or a highly relevant interest stack. And then we like to duplicate that same adset into the scaling campaign or just you know use [clears throat] the same audience in the scaling campaign in one of four or three different adsets that we are running in that scaling campaign with the CBO campaign budget optimization. The way it's structured usually it's it could be one of them another intra stack slightly different. Say if one of the intra stacks is focused on health and wellness another interest stack can be focused on in nutrition for example like vitamin C, vitamin K, magnesium, um iron stuff like that. And then the two other audiences will usually be one of them is bro targeting. So that is no interests, no demographics, no lookalikes. And then another audience will usually be the 1 to 2% lookalike audience that will be based on either your website visitors or past purchasers or email subscribers. Past purchasers usually will be the most relevant lookike audience that will be the most likely to convert out of all look-ike audiences because meta will look for people who are top 2% in the United States who are most similar to your existing customers or if it's email subscribers to your existing email subscribers or to your website visitors but website visitors keep in mind obviously not all of them are converting so that will not be as profitable always performing as the lookike audience that is based off of the purchasers. So three to four audiences in the CBO scaling campaign where we don't select the budget on the adset level but instead select it on the campaign level. So instead of allocating $5 to $10 per day towards each of these audiences, three to four audiences that we have in the CBO scaling campaign, we're going to allocate say $50 to $100 per day or whatever your budget is that you're going to be allocating or your client would like to be allocating towards matter channel on the campaign level. So, we're going to set 100 bucks for example here. And then this $100 per day will be automatically distributed towards different audiences of whichever ones Meta deems to be the better performing ones. And usually it's not going to be even if you set $100 per day budget. almost always be the case where one of the audiences or two out of three or four audiences will spend more than the other one or two of the audiences just because meta will deem that they are better performing ones or the messaging that we are using in our ads in this campaign or in this audiences will be more relevant to this particular audience groups compared to the other two that we are targeting and what will happen is this winning creative from the testing campaign that we have identified which is the at creative C as we already looked at above This one right there, we will duplicate it into every single adset or into every single audience. In this case, three. It can be up to four or five, however many you guys would like to have in your CBO scaling campaign. We like to keep it below five different audiences. Three [snorts] to four is usually the sweet spot, but again, it all depends on your budget. The more budget you have, the more audiences you can have. Four to five, the less budget you have, the less audiences you should have, just so you don't distribute yourself too soon. three is a perfect sweet spot for anything below $1,000 per day in spend in my opinion for a CBO scaling campaign. And then all of ads in this case, we only have at creative C right now will be duplicated into each of these adsets in the CBO scaling campaign. And then as you start running the new creative test, which I guys suggest you do creative testing on an ongoing basis, either every week or every two weeks, depending on how many creatives you're producing in one batch and how many you're testing in one batch. If say you're testing five creatives per round, I suggest you test every week. So you test at least 20 creatives per month, ideally more. If you create 10 creatives in a round and you want to test all 10 of them, then maybe you can run it every week and a half to two weeks. It also all depends on the budget that you would like to allocate towards the overall account structure. Again, the higher the budget, the more testing needs to be done and the more frequent testing needs to be. The lower the budget, the less frequent testing can be just because you have a limited amount of budget that you can allocate towards testing. uh which another thing I haven't mentioned the reasons you want to do so is once you start sync winning creatives when you run them in the testing campaign here testing you want to and you scale them in the CBO scaling campaign you want to reallocate or shift the budget distribution such that the CBO scaling campaign gets around 60 to 70 to 80% of the overall daily budget and the testing campaign spends anywhere between 20 to 30 to 40% % of the daily budget. Obviously, when you're just creating the account, all of the budget will be just testing. But once you identify the first round of feeding ads and you start scaling them in the CBO scaling campaign, you will start reallocating the budget side of the CBO scaling campaign predominantly spends the vast majority of the daily budget and then the testing campaign spends only a fraction of that because testing campaign doesn't include only the winning ads. It also will include the new round of tests that you will launch after you identify the proven winners from the first round of tests. while the scaling campaign will include only the proven beginners. So you want to allocate the majority of the budget towards the proven winners in the scaling campaign and you want to keep the budget allocation towards testing capped just so the performance starts trending up in the first months. Um because if you're not going to start distributing more budget towards scaling then your performance will likely be still somewhat subpar even once you start identifying the winners. you need to start pushing more budget towards proven concepts uh and then reducing the budget you're allocating towards testing but still continuing to test on ongoing basis so you you could continue identifying winning ads and then scaling them in the CBO scaling campaign and then as you do that as you start finding more winning ads in the future rounds of creative testing what you will want to do is you will want to continue running them in the testing campaign at either the same budget or slightly higher budget uh once you start increasing it in the testing campaign and those proven ads, killing the losers that have not proven to drive any results, and then scaling the new winning ads into the CBO scaling campaign, adding them to other proven winning ads from the previous rounds of testing. And then this ongoing flyable machine of continuous testing in testing campaign and then scaling of proven winners in the CBO scaling campaign and continuing to run proven winners still in the testing campaign with slightly higher budget will allow you to start driving results much sooner and continue driving them at scale. Whether you're spending $500 per day, $5,000 per day, or $50,000 per day, regardless if you're using the cost cap, you're using the lowest cost, it doesn't matter. lowest cost by the way I haven't said it but always using the lowest cost for testing and also for the CBO scaling campaign that we are setting up uh originally in the very first place and then sometimes depending on how much budget we have to play around with and how strong the results are that we see with the original lowest cost campaign setup we can consider duplicating that campaign and keep everything the same same audiences same top performing ads duplicate our CB scanning campaign and then switch the bidding strategy from lowest cost to cost cap which would be usually 1x to 1.2 to 1.5x of the target cost per purchase. If it doesn't spend at 1x target cost per purchase for your cost cap, consider bumping it up to 1.5x. Once the campaign starts spending, you can gradually start reducing the cost cap by every couple of do by every by a couple of dollars every few days until the campaign starts spending less and until you start seeing the drop off in performance. And then if you observe this, try to increase the cost cap back up and you will be able to find that kind of sweet spot where you need to maintain a cost cap for consistent results and continuous spend on this campaign. I think this video went out to be a little bit longer than I wanted to, but this is the overall campaign structure that we use uh in majority of our accounts for pretty much all of our clients in the agency, whether it be the e-commerce accounts or the retail accounts for the dispensaries that we are advertising for. And this has proven to be working really well over time for the last two plus years. And still in the post Andromeda environment, this campaign structure bangs I would say even harder than it used to before because everybody liked to have this nerd out. Everybody used to nerd out about the you know having very advanced account structure and right now what works best at that simplistic structure because the only thing that matters in the Andromeda environment is the creative and the customer journey which is the landing page which is where you need to put majority of your energy and efforts for your own brand or for your clients if you're running an agency. And then the campaign structure is there just to provide that testing environment and then scaling environment minimizing the decision fatigue for yourself and your own and your team of media buyers if they're the ones who are doing it for you. But again, if you want something simple that is proven to work in the past and still works to this day very efficiently at different levels of scale, this campaign structure will do you a good job for sure. I mean it hasn't failed for me yet and um we continue seeing very strong results for every single client of ours with this particular structure. Again a testing campaign first ongoing testing every one to two weeks if not more often depending on how much budget you have to play with and then ongoing scaling of proven winning ads in the CBO scaling campaign and then continuous future launches of new creative tests and continuous future scaling of proven winners in the scaling campaign. That's all. If you guys like the video, please put that like button, subscribe for future episodes, and let me know how I can improve in these types of videos. That's my first time doing this format. Uh, I really think I can do better. But yeah, I wanted to prepare the fig jam before instead of creating it together with you guys. So, it was it made it easier for me to explain to you the overall concept. Maybe in the future I will do it such where we're creating it together. Uh but yeah, for this one I just did it in ahead of ahead of time in advance and then um yeah, that's about

- How To ACTUALLY Target with Facebook Ads (Post-Andromeda Update): Kind: captions Language: en Today we are talking about targeting with meta ads. I've been running ads for over nine years now and at my agency we've managed over $600 million in ad spend and generated over $2 billion in revenue for my clients like Symbiotica where we are literally spending over $250,000 per day. And they are one of the fastest growing supplement brands on the internet. And yes, I did say $250,000 per day. Meta has changed their platform so much recently with the Adrona update and the way we market has completely changed. And it's made a lot of people wonder, do we even need to target anymore with meta ads? Do you need to go all broad? Interest targeting, lookalike targeting. You and I are going to answer those questions together. The answer to that question is yes. For most advertisers, keyword most. You still need to target. We're still using interest targeting and broad. And I see a lot of videos on this topic and no real clear answer. So, I'm going to clear the air up on this for everyone. You have two buckets of people. advertisers spending under 30k per month and advertisers spending more than 30k per month. This is what we call the transition period. And if you're spending under 30k per month, you need targeting. And here is why. You're essentially training this new meta model on what type of people to go after. And without targeting, your ad account doesn't have enough data on it to properly identify these people in the very beginning stages. Now, I don't want to confuse you, but there are instances where you can have a stellar product, an offer, and a ton of unique creative formats and be able to get away with little to no targeting and have only broad audiences in the early stages. So, now we're going to look at an ad account that is spending under 30K. This one has spent $8,800 in the last 30 days at a 5x return in ad spend, generating roughly $46,000 in purchases, all from this campaign setup. And this is a campaign setup that I recommend a lot of accounts start with, especially in the early stages. You still need to have an interest testing campaign. You'll take all of your best performing ads and you'll put them in here and you can dynamically adjust the budgets based off what is getting the highest return on ad spend. You'll still have single interest. A lot of people say this doesn't work still, but it definitely does. Especially when you're spinning lower budgets, you need to guide the algorithm in the right direction and give it audiences to test with. And you're also going to have a second campaign, which a lot of people don't talk about. It's your creative testing because most of you will experience where a lot of spin gets flushed to one creative and doesn't spend on the other. So, we're going to take totally new creative testing concepts and drop them in multiple interest audiences to be able to test those creatives. That way, we ensure we get spin towards those. And once they're proven, we're simply going to copy those ads and paste them into our scaling campaign. And eventually, we'll start to transition out of this structure. But this is definitely the structure you want to use in the early stages. you're still going to have a retargeting where you're retargeting your past website visitors, your Instagram engagers, your Facebook engagers. As you can see, it is very much so working extremely well. This allows us to build up all of the data we need, get to active, where we can eventually start to switch out of this and go into CBO and go more broad. But at this point in time, at these spin levels, you do not need to be going entirely broad that early. You definitely need to be doing your audience testing and lots of creative testing at these stages. Now, if you're spending over 30K per month and you're trying to manually target, you're pretty much just standing in your own way because at this point, the main thing you want to focus on here is creative and a ton of it. Now, here we are inside of an ad account that is spending over $30,000 per month. In the last 30 days, they've done about 40k in spend and they've generated $216,000 in sales at a 5.5x return in ad spend. And what you'll notice here is the budgets are now on the campaign level, not just the adset level. And the reason this matters is because at this point in scale, it's going to be much harder for you to be transitioning budgets between different interest audiences. Whenever you're on the CBO level, Meta at this point already knows who to target and can adjust your budget dynamically to get you the best rorowass. And not only that, but we really don't have any specific interest by this point. We're actually going broad because the algorithm is now trained up. And what you'll see inside of this campaign is product collections. So these are all just broad audiences. Whenever we look at this, this is an entirely open audience with no targeting. These are just broad audiences, but we're segmenting them by product. And you can see they're getting very consistent return in ad spend here. 5x, 8x, 6x, 7x rorowaz, and getting lots of purchases at much higher spin levels. And that is because Meta now knows who to go after. You've already guided it to this point. And you don't want to have a lot of overlap between your audiences. And by this point, you can essentially just spend a lot more with way less structure. And we can look at these other campaigns. They're just simply segmented by product line. If you do not have multiple product SKs, then you're just going to have, you know, really just broad audiences and advantage plus audiences at this point because it makes it much easier for Meta to really scale up. And you can just focus on the creative. So you're going to have, you know, 15 unique ad creative formats, whether they're review based, features, and benefit based UGC videos all plugged into each and every one of these broad audiences. and you're just going to be scaling on more of the campaign level at this point. Now, what is for both buckets of advertisers? This is an absolute must after the Andromeda update. We are going to target through our creative. Now, we're inside of an ad account. And what I mean by that is with this Adromeda update, really creatives is the key thing to all of this. And we're inside of an advantage plus campaign, which you can have an advantage plus on both sides. So, if you're under 30 or over 30K per month, you definitely want to have an advantage plus with at least 10 to 15 creatives. And inside of this, when we're talking about how we target through our creative, it really comes down to the totally unique ad creative formats, especially when we begin to scale up and you have lots of ad creatives in here, we want to start leveraging what we call a flexible ad format. And flexible is essentially where we take 10 creatives and put it inside of one ad. And this is best done when it's a specific creative format. So, in this case, it would be reviews. And we would have 10 review ads. As you can see here, these are all reviews. And we're essentially putting them inside of one ad, which makes it one unique ad format with 10 variations of the reviewbased creative. This allows Meta to rapidly test with this Adromeda update and be able to identify which one is working best. Also allows us to get creatives at scale. And so that way, Meta can dynamically plug in the creative based off the user's journey in terms of whenever they're most likely to buy. So you would have a flexible format with all of those creatives inside of it. And then you're going to have totally unique formats on each of these ads. So, as you can see, our next ad is a UGCbased video and they're talking about the product and demonstrating it. The next ad creative is going to be an us versus them. And the reason we do this is because every market appeals to different creative angles and also every buyer stage at which they're in, they might already be educated on your product, but they're not fully convinced. So, that's where the reviews come in. Or they might not know anything about your product. So that's where the education comes in or they know about it but don't know how to use it. That's where a product demo comes into play. So you want to have each of these unique creatives because once you start to go broad and have advantage plus or even interest, the creatives can do the targeting for you because Meta will now be able to know which ad creative to show to which pocket of audience to get them to convert. So we're going to have totally unique ad creatives in here. The three reasons why we have the UGC, we have too delicate to wear. And all of these are going to be getting spent and Meta is going to be showing them at the exact right time that we need them to, which is why this is performing so well where we spent literally $5,400 to make back $50,000 at a near 9x return on ad spend. So, it's very important that we have the right amount of creatives, make sure they're totally unique, and we're going to begin using flexible formats to increase the number of creatives we have at scale without having to manage 10 different review ads. We're going to consolidate those into one creative format. and have multiple flexibles along with all of our other creatives combined. Earlier in this video, I said most advertisers should target if you're a huge account and you're spending 500k to a million per month or like our client here, Symbiotica, spending $250,000 per day. All right, so just to recap the three buckets, if you are under 30K, you'll have an interest testing campaign where you're targeting multiple interest. You'll have a creative testing campaign where you're dropping in new creatives and you'll have a retargeting audience. If you're over 30K, you're going to be focusing on CBO with broad audiences. Now, for the third bucket, if you're spending well over $500,000 per month, you're strictly going to be focusing on Advantage Plus and broad audiences, and you're going to have a plethora of ad creatives where you're using flexible formats to be able to handle the volume at scale. So that way, Meta can do all the targeting for you and show the creatives in the right place at the right time. Running meta ads is easier than ever before. Now, for some reason, everyone online wants to make it sound so scary and confusing. It's really not as complicated as everyone makes it out to be. And the cool thing about this new update, you don't need a ton of crazy campaigns. You don't need all these complicated media buying tricks as long as you just adjust your account structure at the right stages of spin like we covered in this video. You'll be able to transition and scale to those 1K, 10K, and even 100K day spin levels. But you can't forget the most important part out of this entire update. This new system rewards highquality creative. Meta removed about 90% of the manual work for you. And Meta is literally going and finding the best customers for you with this new predictive modeling. And it's truly the only lever that moves rorowaz. Which is why I put together a full tutorial on how I do creative in this postromeda era. And you can find that here in this next video I picked out for you right here. I'll see you inside.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [1 likes]: Scale your brand: https://calendly.com/d/cp3p-3s4-prg/1-on-1-ads-mastery-mentorship-30min-chase-chappell?utm_source=youtube
  2. @burakbozkurt51 [1 likes]: Teşekkürler.
  3. @KerestesTena: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  4. @Playveritas: So are funnels dead? Run sales campaigns? Do you have these retarget eachother so you can tell a story or do you just run sales campaign ads on more and more creative?
  5. @Phillip-n3q: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  6. @Lowell-q4o: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  7. @stimulatedtv: Could you please explain one thing to me. When you have your audience in your testing interest campaign and the ads and audience is working you just copy the whole adset to the creative testing campaign?
  8. @DurwardRice-w6r: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  9. @MonicaValenzuela-v9x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  10. @Dilkajunun: Okay, but Facebook has just now (last ten days) killed all targeting possibilities apart from really broad ones. What can I do now? (I write novels and my ad spend is a few K per year.) I think, I have to switch to automatic targeting. Who can teach me how to do this right?
  11. @Emerson-j4l: No water, fast! Way to go.
  12. @Giuseppina-q1e: No water, fast! Way to go.
  13. @ashton_fitness: Amazing video Chase! 
Question: should I do purely interest testing or interest testing with advantage+?
  14. @marketmonster6055: if you are running ads for a roofer, hvac locally , broad or some type of intrest?
  15. @mystereo100: Hi Chase! 
Nice work, thank you!

If we have around 3-5k spend per month, the 4 campaigns method with: 
1. Creative testing ABO
2. MoF Retargeting ABO
3. Retargeting A+ Shopping CBO
4. Interests ABO

 will be ok ?
  16. @MegadutaShrivastav: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  17. @GovindaPanda: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  18. @learning11-d3g: Chase! Appreciate this. so 30k a month CBO campaign setup. Are you doing adset budget mins?
  19. @MrSkeltonn: Please Reply ME, How did you create the ADS ?
  20. @yartarget: Спасибо за видео! Полезная информация

- Meta’s Andromeda Update Explained | ليه أداء إعلاناتك على ميتا انهار فجأة؟: Kind: captions Language: en If your meta ads suddenly start performing worse, it might not be your targeting or creative. It's because of Andromeda. Meta just released a new AI system that decides which ads get shown and is completely changes how campaigns perform. Some brands are seeing plus 20% row gains and others watching their best campaigns crash with no explanation. Why? Because Andromeda changes how Meta's algorithm thinks. Before you used to control the machine, now the machine controls the outcome. So in this video, I'm going to break down before Andromeda versus now. What's really happening behind the scenes and how you can adapt before your ads stop working. Before Andromeda, Meta's ad engine was smart, but not contextually smart. It could target efficiently, but it did not truly understand why people clicked. It was like having a salesperson who memorized buying patterns, but never listened to the customer. Let's say you watch one gym reel. The old system goes, "Ah, this person loves fitness." Next thing you know, you've had with gym membership, protein powders, and fitness apps. But maybe you just watched it because your friend was in it. The old system did not understand intent. It only read behavior. And behind the curtain, things were even messier. Different parts of Meta's ad system worked separately. One part handled interests, another handled bits, another creatives. That means different ads competed against each other inside the same account. Let's take an example. Imagine a watch brand running multiple campaigns. One for luxury buyers and one for tech enthusiasts. Both end up bidding for the same person. That was the before Andromeda world. Fragmented, powerful, but inefficient. Now with Andromeda, Meta's new AI brain, it is important to understand it is not an upgrade. It's a full rebuild of how ad retrieval works. Andromeda uses deep neural networks powered by Nvidia Gracehopper superchip to process millions of ads in milliseconds. It doesn't just analyze what people do. It learns why they do it. So let's break down this transformation with real examples. The first one is from isolated models to unified intelligence. Before meta had multiple of disconnected systems making separate decisions. Now it's one end to end neural network decides everything from who to show, what to show, and when to show it. The same luxury watch brand we discussed. Now the algorithm knows the context. It understands that someone who's into luxury tech isn't just a dicky. They are a status buyer with a taste for innovation. The system learns across signals making every impression more intentional. The second one is from similar ads to understand human intent. Before you clicked on Nike ad, the system will show you more Nike ads. Now after Andromeda, it tried to decode why you clicked. Is it because of design, comfort or motivation? and shows you different brands or similar products based on that psychological driver. Let's say for example, you clicked on Nike ad because it made you feel unstoppable. After Andromeda, Meta might show you a Gym Shark motivational video or a Fitbit challenge. You see different products similar emotional intent. That's personalization on steroids. Third one is from slow scaling to hierarchal indexing. Before meta system had to search millions of ads for every impression. It was slow and expensive. But now with Andromeda, it uses smart hierarchy grouping ads like folders within folders. Let's say for example, you have a skincare brand. Your ads don't compete with the entire platform anymore. They are organized into layers such as beauty, skin care, hydration, then relevant audiences. This hierarchy makes retrieval faster, cheaper, and much more accurate. The fourth point is about CPU and GPU. It's a little bit technical, but I'm going to explain what I understand about it. So, before every data request had to move between CPU and GPU. It was like emailing files between co-workers. Now everything happening inside the same Gracehopper super chip. It's local, parallel, and instant. You launch an advantage plus campaign with 200 creative variation. Before the system struggled to process them all. Now it can evaluate all the creative simultaneously in GPU memory, cutting latency and optimizing delivery in real time. That's why some advertisers are seeing up to 22% better ROAS when they adapt Advantage Plus with the new retrieval engine. So what do we do with this information? Here is how Andromeda changes your playbook. Number one, manual control is dead, but strategy isn't. You can't out optimize Andromeda manually. You can't trick it with hacks or narrow targeting. Brands that still use micro audience setups are being outperformed by those who go broad. Letting Andromeda neural networks find the best people. You don't find the machine, you feed it. feed it clean data, great creative variety, and clear signals. Number two, creativity and structure are the new edge. When everyone is using the same AI, your advantage is what you teach it. Let's say you have two brands. Brand A run five static ads while brand B running 50 creative variation, each testing different tone, design, and storytelling. Same budget, same audience, but Brand B's system learns 10 times faster and wins. Your creative is not just content anymore. It's training data. Number three, profit first thinking. Andromeda is built for efficiency. It will happily drive you cheaper results that don't make you money unless you measure the right metric, such as POS, not just throw us. So BOAS stands for profit on ad spend while ROAS is just return on ad spend. Let's say you have two brands. The first one sees 5x rorowas and celebrates while their margins dropped and their profits fell while the second one is optimizing for pas trims waste and feed Andromeda with better signals. They scale profitably not emotionally. That's how smart marketeers survive this AI shift. So yeah, before Andromeda, Ma's ad system was smart but mechanical. But after Andromeda, it is intelligent, adaptive, and constantly learning. The old world was about control while the new world is about collaboration. Humans designing strategy while machines executing precision. And the marketeers who's going to win won't be the one shouting the algorithm changed again. They will be the one who understand how it thinks. Because in this new era, your performance does not depend on how well you manage campaigns. It depend on how well you manage intelligence. This is the new physics of performance marketing. Thank you for watching this far. If this helped you understand what's happening behind Meta's curtain, hit the subscribe button. Every week I'll break how performance, marketing, AI, and business connect so you can always stay steps ahead. See you in the next

- Facebook Ads For Moving Companies 2026! (Book More Jobs This Week!): Kind: captions Language: en this video, we're going to be setting up a lead generation campaign for your local moving company. Now, these are the exact same campaigns that I set up for my clients when we're managing accounts. And as you can see, these are the exact same campaigns that we're running right now that are generating leads for clients in the moving space across the country. This campaign that we've got going on live right now has generated 81 leads over the past 30 days at $33 per lead. You can see right there, May 2nd through the 31st. And since this campaign has been live, it has generated 568 leads at about $3146 per lead. I'm also going to show you how we set up the backend so that you can follow up with these leads automatically and then have that data or the contact details sent instantly to your smart move CRM so that your sales reps can close that. Now, the very first thing that we are going to do is jump into Facebook ads manager because this is the starting point for pretty much everything inside of Ads Manager. We are going to be looking at this area here where you have your ad account. And if you've run ads before, you're going to have some data in here. If you've never run ads before, then this is most likely going to be blank. But the very first thing that you're going to do is click this green create button here. This is going to open the campaign objective. Now, the objective that we are using is going to be called leads. And we're going to click continue. Now, by default, Facebook will go ahead and build out the campaign structure. You have campaign on the lefth hand side. You have adsets and you have new lead ads. Uh the very first thing is give this a a name that actually makes sense to you. I'm just going to call this Houston movers. Uh and we'll say that we'll generate leads for, you know, our Houston area. On the budget section, I always click add set budget and I don't want to share my results with um you know, I don't want to share my budget with any other campaigns. Next, go ahead to the left-h hand side and click on new lead adset. And this is where we're going to be setting up our demographic information, our targeting information, our uh placement information, uh budgeting, and a few other details. Very first thing is make sure you name this something that makes sense. Me, I'm targeting a bunch of different areas. And so I typically like to name this uh something that is descriptive of the area and the settings that I choose in here uh so that I can easily identify them later. Very first thing is conversion location. In this case, I'm going to use Instant Forms. Make sure you have the right page selected here. So, if you've got more than one, just pick the one that corresponds to your business. Then, you're going to come down to budget and scheduling, and you're going to plug in whatever your daily budget is for these ads. Next, you're going to look at audience, and this is where we're going to be setting a few controls. The very first thing that you're going to do is location. Uh, and this is going to be the service areas that you cover. So, in my case, and if I'm doing Houston, I'm just going to choose Houston, and I'm going to select, you know, Houston and surrounding areas. If you are in an area where you only target certain zip codes or certain counties or certain, you know, cities and you want to break that down, please do so here. You can create multiple ads. You'll just follow the same process over again for those different cities and those different areas of town. When does it make sense? Well, it makes sense if you're targeting cities that are going to be geographically, you know, vastly, you know, larger and separated by distance. So, if I'm targeting San Antonio and I'm targeting Austin, I probably would not want to ball these three cities in the same campaign because from Houston to San Antonio is about a 3 4 hour drive and from Houston to Austin is about a three-hour drive. And so therefore, I want to specify each city individually so that I can control the copy and I can say different things in my copy that would attract buyers or people who looking to move within those specific areas. The next thing that you're going to come down to is select this section that says in show suggestions and we're going to have an age range in here. Make sure that you pick an age range that corresponds with your um people that are moving. So in other words, if you see that your data mainly favors um your ideal customer being in their early 30s, then go ahead and choose, you know, early 30s or 25 even all the way to 65. Just keep in mind that when you're creating ads, the copy and the creative that you use matters and the audience matters as well. So the same way you would speak to a 30-year-old is not the same way that you would speak to somebody who's 65 and downsizing. Um, it's also not the same way that you would, um, you know, speak to somebody who's maybe upsizing or starting a family. So, just keep that in mind as you're building ads for these different moving um, demographics. Next, you're going to go to placements, and placements is where you will select where your ad shows and flies. Now, what you want to do here is on platforms, you can select whether you want uh, feeds, stories, uh, videos, and so on and so forth. Um, when you're running and you're selecting these placements, please keep in mind the type of creative that you're using. If you're just using pictures, then it doesn't really make sense to show these in reals or show these in video placement. So, you might want to uncheck unselect those. Same thing goes for if you're showing um if you're doing video, you may want to use the reels, you may want to use the video placements, you may want to use um the feeds along with a few other placements that uh actually matter. One thing that I do not like doing is I don't like to use apps just because it's not kind of where people are at buying this kind of stuff and I don't like to use things like um audience networks. Once you select your placements and you're comfortable with them, go here to the lead section. Very first thing you want to do is give it a name. So if it's they say a selfie image, then you want to name it selfie. If it's a video of you like you know moving boxes, you want to name name it that. If it's a video of you maybe unloading a truck or time lapse where you're wrapping something, you'd want to do that as well. Just name it something that makes sense to you. What you want to do from here is go all the way down to uh add creative, click on setup new creative, and choose whether you want to add an image or a video. I'm going to just choose an image for the sake of this of this video training here. This will open up the media library that you have on Facebook. If you don't have any images in here, you can always upload one by clicking this upload button. It will open up your your um computer or you can choose whatever image you want to add in there. You can also choose images that are on your Instagram or your Facebook page if it's connected to that um to that um individual um ad account there. Right. So, I'm going to just choose all and I'm just going to pick an image from my library and click next. And that's what it's going to look like. Then I'm going to click on next. And here in this section under text is where we're going to put our primary text, our headline, and your description if you have one. This is the text that people see when they see your ad. You can typically start with something like, you know, get a no hassle moving estimate today and then continue to put in your, you know, verbiage or whatever your offer is in here. Once you have this set, scroll down to the headline and this is where you're going to put your short headline in here. Then you're going to scroll all the way down to the call to action. And from the call to action, you're going to choose get quote. Then once you click on next, Facebook is going to take you to the image generation section. This is Facebook's AI where it will create images that it thinks are going to be relevant to you. Uh most of the time I don't think this is very accurate at all. I see that they are trying to push towards it where people are refining originals, creating CTRs, popular professional services, etc. but it really just doesn't make any sense. In my case, my image was that of a of an office building. And you can kind of see that it's starting to highlight uh this like it's a car ad or something, but it really it really isn't. So, I'm just going to leave it alone. I'm not going to use any of it. And I'm going to go to the next section. These are enhancements that AI that Facebook AI is actually trying to push for. Um, you have to be mindful of these. You got to test a bunch of stuff out. I typically don't like using any of them. I find that it's completely waste of ad spend uh on on my client's ads. And so I like to do things and test things, you know, one at a time and this doesn't really apply to the methods that we we like to generate these kind of leads. So I usually don't select any of them. If something's on, I'll go ahead and turn it off and then I'll just click on done. What this does is now it builds the ad right here on this side along with the copy along with the call to action and your ad is pretty much complete here. Uh it's always a good idea to preview this to preview it on different devices uh on your mobile phone, preview it on a computer just so you can kind of see what it's going to look like. Make sure that all your spelling is correct. Make sure that your offer is fine. to make sure that you know you're saying uh something that is not um that is not in congruent with what you offer. Now you're going to get to the section that says destination. This is going to be where you create that instant form. The form is important because it pulls information from people's Facebook profile, but it also allows you to ask custom questions for qualifying purposes. Another reason why we use this onplatform conversion is because typically Facebook rewards us with cheaper uh more affordable leads because we're keeping people on the platform and not moving them away from Facebook. So the very first thing you want to do is click create. And this is what that's going to look like. Make sure that you label your form uh something that actually makes sense to you. We'll just go ahead and say, you know, moving form um and leave it there. Uh there are a bunch of options in here. Uh, I leave this alone as more volume because we verify things with phone numbers. Uh, so I don't need to, you know, add any other stuff in here. I'll go ahead and just leave it like that. I'll leave flexible creative on and I'll click next. Here, I make sure that my headline that's in here is the same headline that I use in my ad copy. So, if I get if I say get a hassle-free quote, this is exactly um what I want to put in here. Once you've done that, click on next. And now you will be taken to the questions. There is a section that says contact information. These questions get pulled from people's Facebook profiles. Um, so make sure that what you are asking in here is something that you need and that is mandatory. So I need a mandatory phone number. I've got somebody's first name. You can organize these fields as you as you see fit. But I may also need a contact information. I may need a street address or a city. or I may just need a zip code for for these people. Um, in the description here, uh, you might want to just put something like, you know, please make sure your info is correct, that kind of thing, because Facebook will automatically pre-populate this. One important thing that people miss all the time is the lead qualifying questions. You must have lead qualifying questions in here or you're going to get a bunch of people who say, "I never intended to fill out the form." The lead qualifying questions are not questions that automatically populate from Facebook. So, you can't ask for name. You can't ask for things that already exist like emails, you know, that kind of stuff. So, you can ask for things like, you know, how how soon do you need to move, right? You can ask that. You can ask for, you know, maybe uh multiple choice questions that say, uh, how many rooms do you have? Uh, and you can just put, you know, different answers in here that these people can choose from. Now, think of this as your qualifying, you know, form that's on your website because it is exactly like that. You can just take the form that's on your website and copy the same questions that you have and mimic it right here so that people can give you the information that you need to provide a proper estimate. Once you do this, click on next and it's going to bring you to a private policy section. You must have a private policy. Okay? So, go to your website. Just copy the private policy link and paste it in here. Once you do that, click on next and this is going to bring you to the ending. This is the thank you page. Essentially, when somebody goes to your website, fills out a form or fills out an estimate form, they get a thank you page, this is what mimics that. So, in here, go ahead and just tell people what's going to happen next. We use high level to connect this and then send this data to smart move. And so, with every lead that comes in, they get an automatic text message um verifying information and so on and so forth. So, I let people know right in here that we will be sending a text message to make sure that we've got all their right information and they should reply to that text message so that we know we have the right contact. And once you do that, you can go and click on create form and it will create the form for you. The form will then be listed right here. You can pick from your forms that you've created. Uh you can actually pick whichever one you want, the one you created, and you'll be able to see it here. Now, on the right hand side, if I go to this ad preview and I toggle it off, I'm going to be able to see the form that I just created in here, you'll be able to see that I've got all my proper questions um in this form uh right there that I can go from one section to the next and I'm able to see if everything looks good uh or do I need to adjust something completely different. Once I've got all this done and I'm happy with the form, I'm happy with the creative, I'm happy with the copy, I go ahead and click publish. This goes to Facebook. They approve it to make sure that you're compliant. You're not using any copyrighted infringement, any copyrighted images, audio, those kind of things. Um, and then they usually publish it and approve your ad and publish it. Now, I'm going to show you what happens next because what happens next is usually the meat and potatoes. This is where you're going to make your money. This is where the follow-up is important. Setting up the ads is pretty straightforward. And if you want to learn more on how to set up these ads yourself in depth, there is a workshop in the description of this video link that you can go in and I'll walk you through step by step on how we actually set this up for companies um that want to do it themselves. There's also going to be a link in the description if you are a moving company and you're just in growth mode. you're busy, you're on your trucks, maybe you've got two or three trucks, you've been in business for a couple years, and you just want somebody to handle this stuff for you. There's a link there as well, you can check out our entire process, including pricing. Um, and if it makes sense to you, then you know, we get connected and we move forward. If it doesn't, then you lose nothing except for knowing how our process works. We all know that the money is made on the follow-up and the money is made on the back end when it comes to lead generation. So, the very first thing that I have here is a highle account. If you want all the automations that I'm going to show you as well, there's a link down below. You can check it out. It's also included in the workshop. You can, you know, download it and use it and um be 90% done with the automations. But basically, what we're going to do is we're going to go and connect Facebook to Highle. Um, and High Level is just a platform that allows us to um, be able to do a bunch of automated stuff that allows us to follow up with the leads on the marketing side and the sales side to make things easier to close more deals. The very first thing that I do is I go to integrations inside of High Level and they've got this button called the Facebook button. I click it and I connect my Facebook page to this account. Once I connect my Facebook page to this account, I can go in here and I can click on form mappings and I can take the form that I just created and I can enable it so that it all those leads instantly start to flow into the CRM system in here. Once this happens, uh, every lead that gets created on Facebook when they submit that form will come into the system as a contact record. So it'll look something like this. So, it'll have first name, last name, it'll have all the contact details, all the form fields that they added. Everything will be inside of here. Once we connect our page, we're going to automations. And in automations, I'm going to show you what we do in order to take care of these leads as they come in and what that follow-up looks like. We have this inbound Facebook lead um uh automation. And what this does is basically when a lead comes into Facebook, the system will categorize it and put it in a stage of a pipeline. It'll add a tag so we know exactly where it came from. If it's within business hours, it's going to get handled one way. If it's within if it's after hours, it'll get handled a different way. Within business hours, a notification goes out and gets sent to you and your team or your sales rep or your CSR, whoever you want this notification to go out to letting them know that they have received a lead uh and they should reach out to them ASAP. Initially, we drop a voicemail. There's also a voicemail that is ringless that gets sent to the contact. So, let's say that I am on the Facebook side of thing. I submit the form. I'm looking for an estimate. my phone on my end will not ring, but I'll get a bubble saying that I missed a call from ABC Moving Company in which I can listen to that voicemail and it'll be, you know, your company saying, "Hey, sorry we missed you. We're following up on an estimate. We will text you to uh follow up." Okay. Uh in addition to that, they the lead gets an email follow-up and a text message followup instantly. So you're you're having one, two, three, four to points of contacts within the first minute of this lead becoming a lead in addition to notifications to your sales team so that they can call and try to get these people on on the on the phone to provide an estimate. Um, when the lead responds, if the lead doesn't respond within the first 10 minutes or first 15 minutes, there is an additional text follow-up that goes out. And if the lead does respond, they get funneled into this appointment booking mechanism. This is an appointment booking um AI bot that is trained on your website, your process, your company, everything. So, it's able to handle whatever question comes the way of the lead because it's all on your website from hours of operations all the way to maybe uh having them speak to an estimator to provide an estimate. It will not provide estimates if you don't want it to. Um, it won't give people ballparks if you don't want it to, but it will make sure that every lead gets a conversation, that every lead doesn't fall through the cracks, and that uh it's able to follow up with them regardless of whether or not your salespeople are contacting them or not. If the lead comes in after hours, then clearly uh there's not going to be a phone call that's going to be established. There's not going to be a voicemail drop because that's just weird. But there is a confirmation text letting them know that we got reached after hours and we would like to schedule them for the very next day maybe for a call back. Uh at which point the bot then takes over and can have conversations with them um if they continue down that route. There are a few other automations in here that are designed to continue the nurturing process to continue to follow up with these leads the next day and the day after that via text, via emails, via voicemail drops, etc. so that your sales people can focus on the leads that are the hottest at the moment so that you have more of an opportunity to close more of those jobs. Now, because this is the moving industry, there are a lot of companies that are using SmartMove and I'm going to show you how to send this data from High Level into Smart Move without you needing a third party tool like Zapier because it can automatically and directly connect with it and send information to high to uh smart move and backwards. And it works the same way for a lot of other CRM as well. So, what we have here is an automation that I've built in here to connect things to um to Smart Moving CRM. Basically, when a lead comes in and the lead is identified as one that is ready to move forward with an estimate, we want to then send that contact detail over to Smart Move so that your salespeople who are working out of that system get notifications and know what's happening. Basically what we're going to do is create a web hook. What we do here inside of high level is that we will create uh an automation and we will give it a starting point a trigger. Uh we want to know when we are sending these leads to high level. In my case anytime a lead gets added and a tag of smart move gets created we want then to send a to send this data to uh smart move. And the way we do this is that we add an action. And that action is called a web hook. And the way we do this is by setting up a web hook to send the data over to smart move. And what you want from here is a custom web hook. And you just come in here and you just drag and drop it right in there. Now smart move has an open API and you can work with that. If you Google smart move um API integrations, you can find this documentation. If you are a paying member of SmartMove, then you have access to all this stuff in here. What we're looking for is this provider key that exists. And in order to generate this provider key, you got to go to your uh to your smart move um panel and go to the section uh inside of setting you go to sales leads and providers and you just pick that provider key that's there. Once you have that, you can kind of see this URL becomes your web hook URL with your unique provider key. Do not share your provider key with anybody because if you do, they have access to your system and you don't really want to do that. High uh smart move also tells you the type of information that can be passed through. First name, last name, full name, phone number, a few other things and these are required if specified. In addition to that, you can pass over move date, you can pass over notes, you can pass over origin and a bunch of other things. This data set JSON um section here is what we are going to be using in order to provide a dummy data to test this out. So if we go back to high level, we are going to create the web hook. I'm going to label it smart move and I'm going to choose a post event cuz we are going to be posting data into smart move. From here I'm going to go ahead and copy this entire key that shows up right here and copy that. And under provider key, I'm going to put my custom uh provider API key that is going to be inside of a smart moving um CRM. This is going to generate a unique key inside of here. I'm definitely not going to show you what that key looks like, but you'll be able to see authorization is none. Content type is application JSON and parameters that I have set is first name and last name. body key parameters that I have is going to be first name, last name, phone number, email. You can just take a look at all these. These are the things in the data that I'm collecting on my lead form that I want to pass over into Smart Move. Then what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Smart Move API documentation to the JSON sample section and I'm going to copy this entire thing here. I'm going to go to um back to high level and I'm going to paste it where it says body. I'm going to paste it right in here and then I'm going to click on test. It says test again, but mine yours will say test. I click it and I should have a green status of request success. Once I do this, I'm going to save this action and this is going to create this right here. So now every time that a contact comes into uh high level you will be able to take advantage from all the highle automations the follow-up sequences the AI that it does that it uses the management of the contact the notifications everything that a high level has to offer on the automation and marketing side but now you also be able to send this over to smart move so you're not having to copy and paste things manually uh from smart move into high level and from high level into smart move. You can also set this web hook backwards um so that when you tag or you put somebody in the smart move category of let's say status estimating it will update the system in here and it knows when to stop following up. So now that you know how to set up Facebook ads, now that you know how to connect it with high level, how to send that data to smart move, let me know if you have any questions in the comments of this video. Give it a thumbs up if you like it. It really does help the channel. And if you're somebody who is in the moving space and you are in growth mode and you just want somebody to handle this because you're busy in your truck, you're busy running a crew, running your businesses, go ahead and check out the resources that are in the description of this video. Uh there's also a link where you can check out our entire process, what we charge for setting this up and managing the whole thing. Um take a look at it. If it makes sense, we'll have a conversation. And if it doesn't, at the very least you'll learn something um that you didn't know

  Top Comments:
  1. @Saenzdigital: 👉 Best way to get leads this week: http://localleadmastery.com

- Facebook Marketing Strategy 2026 | From Facebook Beginner to EXPERT In One Video!: Kind: captions Language: en facebook is easily the biggest and most important social media network available right now with almost 3 billion users you simply can't afford to ignore the powerhouse that is the facebook empire but what's even more exciting isn't just the number of users that facebook has but the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach and to market to its users from pages to groups to messenger to ads and so much more facebook really is a one-stop marketing shop and nothing else even comes close not even a little and when you understand how to use the tools that facebook gives you in order to reach your clients or your customers right where they are right now you'll never go hungry for leads customers or sales again so let's get to it facebook first came out in 2004 but it was in 2009 that it officially became the most popular social media platform in the world and it hasn't stopped growing since this is why whether you're a business owner an entrepreneur a marketer or even an employee that works for a business you simply can't afford to ignore facebook but knowing that facebook marketing is important to your business and knowing what tools are available and how to use them well those are two completely different things and that's why in this episode i'm gonna break down the different ways to use facebook to reach your audience grow your business and make more sales we'll start with the easiest and we'll move progressively through the list of options getting to the more complicated and more advanced strategies the beauty of facebook is that there really is something here for everyone whether you're first getting started marketing your business on facebook or whether you've been at this game for years so let's kick things off with one of the easiest and also one of my favorite ways to market yourself and your business on facebook which is the facebook personal page when most people think about facebook the personal page is normally the first thing that comes to mind in fact the general public people outside of marketing and outside of business well they're normally not even familiar with all of the other options that facebook gives you maybe aside from messenger and the odd facebook ad that pops up on their newsfeed to them the facebook personal page is facebook your facebook personal page is the main page that you see when you first log in it's what you signed up for it's typically your name and it's the page you use to connect with friends or with family it's not your business page you can't run ads through it it's just there but here's the deal it's also one of the most effective ways to connect with your network and to build your business and here's why first especially if you're just getting started in business it is incredibly important that your friends and your family know what you do after all word of mouth and getting referrals are incredibly powerful ways to build up your business but for them to refer you they need to know what you do after all people can't buy from you if they don't know that you exist or in this case people can't buy from you if they do know you exist but don't know that you have a business i learned this lesson personally years ago the hard way when i accidentally created content on my personal page that i meant for my business page and all of my friends and my family chimed in and they were asking questions about marketing and they had no idea that i was doing marketing now at the time i was telling myself that i didn't want to spam my friends and spam my family with my business so i would keep it separate this was a huge mistake the reality is is you can post strategically and carefully on your personal page about your business without spamming without being sleazy or salesy just let people know what you do the other reason that makes your personal facebook page just so effective really comes down to the almighty facebook algorithm which is essentially the system behind what facebook shows and to who it shows your stuff too well your facebook personal page is still one of the places that you have decent organic reach meaning you can create content on your personal page and it has a pretty good chance of getting shown to your friends and to your family alright moving on to the next tool that facebook gives you which is the facebook business page here's the deal with the facebook business page if you have a business you need a facebook business page period this is non-negotiable now the beauty of the facebook business page is that it gives you access to a whole new set of tools that just aren't available through your personal page like putting in your business address as well as running ads which we're going to talk about later unlike your personal page however which should be largely personal with a little bit of business your business page should be largely if not completely business now this doesn't mean being boring and it also doesn't mean hammering your audience with offer after offer trying to get them to buy something but it does mean keeping your content on key and largely business focused or business related or things that your customers or clients would find useful or interesting or valuable people that follow your personal page are going to be interested in you whereas people that follow your business page may be interested in you but they're probably more interested in what your business can do now when you first start a business page you're gonna have all of zero followers so you may be tempted to spend money on ads in order to build up your followers but to this uh i'd caution you first of all we saw this years ago when people spent a ton of money building up all of these followers for their business page only to have the facebook algorithm change and immediately destroy pretty much all of the reach that was coming from the page meaning let's say you had a hundred followers on your business page and you created content in the past maybe 50 or maybe even 60 people would see it well then they changed the algorithm and now two people would see it maybe five so all of this money that was spent on building up followers was largely wasted this is why a better approach is rather to try to build it up organically mention it through your website through your email newsletter and also let your facebook business page followers be a byproduct of any ads that you run again we'll talk about that in the future and by future i mean in just a minute but first facebook stories facebook stories are a fun and lighthearted and casual way to share kind of quick moments or behind the scenes goings-on of your business stories are vertical videos or pictures shot from your phone and they only last 24 hours the cool thing about stories is that they have stickers and effects and different emojis really just kind of have some fun with them when it comes to facebook stories the key really is just to use them and use them often once a day pretty much at least maybe even twice or three times or five times or ten times depending on your business depending on your market depending on your audience the great thing about stories though and why they really do need to be a part of your marketing is that they're a little more real a little more raw and a little more authentic they're also fast and fun really easy to make just grab your phone snap a quick picture shoot a quick video and pretty much done all right now let's talk about one of the most feared of all the facebook tools which is none other than facebook live facebook live just like instagram live or youtube live or any other live that's going to come out in the future is a live streaming platform meaning you can create live videos from your phone or from your desktop and broadcast them out either on your personal page or your business page or in any groups that you're a part of or own going live is a really effective way to show your true personality in a real and raw and authentic way after all it's like you can't edit that stuff out that's also why it freaks people out but your audience loves it you can go live from your phone or you can set up an entire live streaming studio from your desktop computer and go completely bananas the choice is totally up to you the point though here is that if you can find the courage to go live and don't be afraid to start small from your phone and work your way up from there if you can find the courage to do that it is an incredibly effective marketing tool alright now let's talk about facebook messenger facebook messenger gives you the ability to message people directly much like a text or sms but done directly through the facebook platform just like with the going live feature well you can do this through your personal page or through your business page there are some advantages to using your business page being that you can incorporate more software like a chat bot which can actually do some initial filtering and some initial heavy lifting of the conversation to sort and to segment and to guide people where they need to go there's also now the ability to message your instagram friends through facebook messenger because facebook owns instagram but we'll talk about that later too and by later i mean in just a minute the cool thing about messenger though isn't just the accessibility and the ability to message friends and family and clients and customers and things like that but also all of the tools and the features and the kind of nifty things that it gives you you can of course send emojis and stickers and gifs but you can also send audio messages as well as my personal favorite video messages most importantly though is to really put yourself in your customers or in your client's shoes being empathetic to the way that they want to communicate with you and with your business and a lot of people prefer messenger all right it's time to talk about facebook groups facebook groups are an incredibly powerful feature that facebook gives you to build a community of like-minded individuals around a certain topic or interest or business and there are facebook groups out there for pretty much everything you can think of like literally pretty much everything there's even a facebook group out there of people who all pretend to be ants in an ant colony and before you write this off as just a weird corner of the internet this facebook group of ant impersonators has nearly two million people now when it comes to marketing with facebook groups you have three different option one is a free facebook group the strategy behind creating your own free facebook group is essentially you create a group you don't charge anything for people to join and you use it to generate leads and foster connection and build engagement and rapport with members of your group free facebook groups can work amazingly well but they're very niche and market and industry specific so you want to be careful to make sure that your business best aligns with offering a free facebook group plus they take a ton of time and energy and careful strategy and planning to really make sure that they're working to the way they should you can't just toss up a free facebook group add a couple people in there and expect it to grow your business this is why i consider a free facebook group more of an intermediate strategy the next option is a paid facebook group now by paid facebook group i don't mean that you're paying facebook to have a group rather your members or your clients or your customers are paying you and as a benefit they get access to a group you can use this as a standalone membership community or you can use it as a value add to your current products or services the content strategy inside of a paid group is obviously quite different than that inside of a free group because people paid to be in there so it better be good the third option is other people's facebook groups and this is by far my least favorite strategy of all in fact i'd even go so far as to say i genuinely dislike this strategy now it did used to work quite a few years ago when facebook groups were still relatively new and not every single person had tried and spammed and really sleazed their way out of this strategy there's an expression that marketers ruin everything and it's kind of true because as soon as something works everybody does it and then it stops working well going into other people's facebook groups providing value bombs which were essentially just spammy sleazy salesy type posts and then trying to get people to direct message you to siphon off from the group again used to be an effective strategy but now just looks spammy and sleazy and salesy and people know what's going on so if anyone tells you that a great marketing strategy today is simply to sign up for everybody's free groups and then leave a ton of valuable comments or helpful posts and then slowly start siphoning off members for your own that's bad advice it makes you look salesy it makes you look sleazy and it makes you look needy none of which are good for business on the other hand if you genuinely care about the group about the business about the topic about the people inside then by all means create valuable content engage and respond be helpful and be useful but don't make this your primary marketing tool as a way to grow your business let any business boosting or networking or relationships that come from it be a nice secondary byproduct alright it's time to talk about facebook ads facebook ads are probably one of my favorite parts and favorite tools that to promote your business and one i've been using for the past decade but it wasn't till around 2013 where retargeting ads really came out that things really got effective anyway facebook ads even still to this day are still one of the most cost effective and strategic marketing uses available to you but what makes facebook ads so special isn't just the fact that they're giving you access to facebook's massive audience database but rather the targeting and the placements and the creative capabilities that you have to create really high converting ads facebook ads are great and you should absolutely be looking at them as a part of your marketing strategy however like all advertising they're not a magic bullet rather advertising facebook ads in this case are an accelerator meaning if you have a good and a good offer clear messaging an ideal target market that's really clearly defined well facebook ads are going to enable you to accelerate your business and amplify the results on the other hand if you have a questionable product or service or an unproven offer that just isn't converting well facebook ads are only going to make it fail faster this is why the key or the secret if you will to creating high converting facebook ads always comes back to the basics always comes back to strategy first you need to clearly identify who exactly it is that you're trying to reach their demographic details like what's their age and their gender and their income and their occupation their geographic details like what city or state or province or country they live in and most importantly at least when it comes to facebook what are their psychographic details like their values and their attitudes and their lifestyles what other pages do they like what other interests do they have what other groups are they a part of then you need to dive even deeper and try to figure out your markets biggest pains and problems and fears and frustrations so you can craft effective ad messaging and effective ad copy that speaks directly to these pains it's only then that you get to decide where you want your facebook ad to appear and what you want it to look like admittedly it's kind of complicated stuff but learning it and getting it right is an absolute game changer for your business alright now let's move on to some of the lesser lesser-known facebook marketing tools which while aren't necessarily huge right now they could be in the future so they're worth learning about paying attention to the first of which is facebook watch facebook watch is a feature that you may or may not have even heard of facebook watch is kind of like facebook's version of youtube but without the cool search features and only available to some people but it's also kind of like netflix cause it has its own original shows but it's also still on facebook so it's kind of like facebook basically facebook watch is still kind of hard to categorize regardless it's worth paying attention to because anything facebook does is worth paying attention to after all it's hard to say when they're going to open up access to more creators and what kind of reach and what kind of exposure they're going to permit other businesses to have but at least for now unless you're a massive business with a multi-million dollar marketing budget it's probably best just to be aware of it but then leave it alone next up facebook portal facebook portal is facebook's version of a smart video conference device essentially it lets you live video chat with your facebook friends does have some other cool features though like letting you listen to music or check your front door or look through your photos from a business perspective however it's tough to say how or when this will be fully incorporated that said it does let you do video calls from messenger or whatsapp so you could use it to connect with your clients or your customers and you can use portal's camera to go live so if you want to do a facebook live you've got that option what's cool though and what's more interesting is facebook portal's use of ar or augmented reality which gives you some pretty cool and pretty interesting features which right now are available on the portal but may soon be incorporated into other facebook products and speaking of ar augmented reality let's take a look at vr virtual reality and facebook's move into that world with oculus facebook acquired oculus which produces virtual reality headsets back in 2014 for 2.3 billion dollars so clearly they believe in the future of virtual reality that said we're still a long way away from virtual reality vr becoming a part of our everyday lives i mean just think about how many people you know that spend at least an hour a day using virtual reality technology i'm willing to bet not many maybe not maybe one but that doesn't mean that it's not going to become a more dominant and more relevant technology in the future so again it's worth knowing about and paying attention to for now though unless you've got that multi-million dollar marketing budget again probably worth paying attention to and being aware of but putting it on the back burner alright so up to this point we've covered the big ones the products and services that facebook has to offer that you can use to craft the perfect facebook marketing strategy but we're not quite done yet because there's still a couple more platforms you need to be aware of if you truly want to dominate the facebook platform and here's the deal we've covered a lot so far but facebook has over 40 different products and services crazy eh but i really want to make this clear you do not and should not use them all rather you want to be careful and strategic and highly selective about the tools about the products about the services that best align with you your business your customers and your goal use the best ignore the rest sounds like a tagline so with that said here's a couple more facebook services that i really want to draw to the front of your mind to make sure you're paying attention to you're probably already familiar with them but it's important to understand that they fall under the facebook umbrella the first off is instagram from facebook yes facebook owns instagram meaning if you want to run an instagram ad you need to do it through the facebook ads manager plus many of the algorithm changes we've seen with facebook well they largely apply to instagram as well yes they're different platforms and they have a different vibe and style and aesthetic but a lot of the algorithm and math and logic behind it a lot of it's the same the key though is with over 1 billion users instagram is an amazing way to reach a slightly younger demographic next up is whatsapp also from facebook now there's a lot of similarities between facebook messenger and whatsapp like a lot both are owned by facebook both allow you to chat with friends but the biggest difference is that facebook messenger is more closely aligned with your facebook profile whereas whatsapp is more closely aligned with your phone and the contacts in alright so now that you've got a good handle on facebook marketing the next thing you're going to want to do is check out the video i have linked up right here on instagram marketing so make sure to check that out now and i'll see in the next episode the way that i like to think about it is feed real good and stories real time meaning that you want to make sure that you've curated and created your absolute best content in your feed so that you're really portraying your best brand image possible putting your best you

  Top Comments:
  1. @reln72 [12 likes]: This video is 4 years old. Misleading title in 2025. So much has changed in the last 4 years. Put out a new video instead of using an old one with an updated title otherwise you lose credibility.
  2. @joshuajrkingal [1 likes]: I might like this later. By later, I mean in the next minute 😅😊...cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
  3. @trevindenney [1 likes]: Adam, thanks for cutting through the noise and providing a straightforward guide to Facebook marketing in 2024! I appreciate the actionable strategies I can implement right away.
  4. @Dagmar-m9i [1 likes]: Adam, your ability to distill complex strategies into actionable steps is seriously impressive. Thanks for providing such a clear roadmap for navigating Facebook marketing in 2024!
  5. @micielastraub [1 likes]: Great overview, Adam! Really appreciate the actionable insights and how you simplified the complexities of Facebook marketing for 2024. Subscribed and looking forward to more valuable content!
  6. @Dierdre-f5v [1 likes]: Adam, this breakdown is incredibly helpful in navigating the evolving Facebook landscape. Thanks for keeping the content concise and actionable for 2024!
  7. @samsepehri8601: strategy 2026 but uploaded 5 years ago? facebook has changed and you are recycling old videos.
  8. @Madimads27: why is this video titled 2025 but was posted in 2021?? Things have changed since then. good job getting the views though I guess....
  9. @josepthomas: Hi Adam.. What tool do you use to exit your videos
  10. @MrSanguru: Took me 9 minutes to know this is not for me! Good-bye!
  11. @humfried-f4s: Adam, your explanations are so clear and actionable – a real game-changer for anyone trying to keep up with Facebook's ever-changing landscape! Feeling much more prepared to tackle my 2024 strategy now.
  12. @corissande-l7j: Adam, you've really cracked the code on making Facebook marketing accessible. The actionable tips and focus on 2024's landscape make this video a must-watch for anyone serious about their Facebook strategy!
  13. @eliel-g5x: Adam, thanks for the clear and actionable strategies - feeling much more confident about tackling Facebook marketing this year! The focus on practical steps is exactly what I needed.
  14. @KPDHAnimation: This video looks like a goldmine for anyone looking to master Facebook marketing for 2024! It's amazing how these strategies can elevate you from a beginner to an expert in just one go. I'm really curious about the new tools and tactics that are highlighted. With Facebook constantly evolving, it's crucial to stay updated, and this video seems like the perfect way to do that. Can't wait to learn how to optimize ads and perhaps even discover some secrets that aren't widely talked about yet! Anyone else excited to implement these strategies?
  15. @tsalishapiro: Straight to the point and packed with value, thanks for cutting through the noise and delivering a clear 2024 Facebook strategy! Definitely sharing this with my team.
  16. @1ProsperousPlanet: Can you stop moving your head so much. It is so fake and distracting.
Are you smoking crack? Why you tweaking lile that.
  17. @RebeccaPerkins-s6u: Interesting.
  18. @AngeloBeadles: Thank you.
  19. @RenskeSarkis: Interesting.
  20. @victoriannadozie391: Very helpful

- 5 Proven Techniques To Improve Facebook Ad Performance: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to our YouTube channel my name is Sydney and today I want to talk to you about something that's related to Facebook ads shocker um I actually want to talk to you about five proven techniques that you can Implement with your Facebook ads today that is proven to get you better results and no I'm not just pulling this out of my brain and telling you my personal experience this is actually recommended by Facebook they actually just held one of their annual inaugural Performance Marketing Summits and they came up with these five performance techniques that you need to be implementing almost a guarantee better results so I'm going to be going over those five today and they call these the performance five now if you are familiar with Facebook's power five I don't believe that this is really designed to replace those other performance five metrics which are Dynamic ADS Auto Advanced matching account simplification campaign budget optimization and automatic placements those are still 100 relevant you should still be implementing those inside of your account but these performance five are five extra tools that you can have in your toolkit that you can use to just improve your results and actually rely on Facebook to get you better performance over time so just before we dive in if you don't know who I am my name is Sydney I'm a Facebook ad expert at vertex marketing agency we offer a full done for new service as well as coaching and Consulting so if you're looking to get help with your Facebook ads get in touch with us with the link below so in just a second we're gonna dive into those five different techniques that you can be using with your Facebook ads so you can improve your Facebook results so the first pillar of Facebook's performance 5 is to simplify your account and this is a common subject that we're breaking up in a lot of our videos and that just means to reduce your budget into the minimum amount of AD sets possible within your campaign and even within different campaigns and basically the point of this is to get your ad sets out of learning so that it can optimize better with more budgets and it's spread less than so what we're typically doing for example is we're having one campaign focused on one objective so let's say for example you're using the sales objective in that one campaign you have either one or two ad sets and within those ad sets you have three to four different ads and that would be a better account structure than having three different campaigns each with one different ad set and each of those ads having all the same ads but three to four inside of each ad set within each campaign and that just means one it's easier for you to manage because you have one campaign with one maybe two ad sets and then three to four ads within those and so it's much easier for you to go in there and manage and look at your results but also that means that all the learning is done within that one campaign and within those one to two ad sets that just makes it better for you and for Facebook to optimize your ads so that first pillar is going to be account simplification the second pillar to Facebook's performance five is to partner with creators for direct response I think the point of this is that Facebook is really trying to give ads less of an ad feel and we'd be doing this by using more ugc or user generated content or rather just having a classic ad with the call out and your sale and the product in a single image like they maybe were five ten years ago in just classic ads we're getting more creators to actually talk about the products and give reviews and give their honest opinion that that feels very authentic and real to someone who's actually consuming that content so it's really really important if you haven't already hopped on working with creators or getting a ugc from apps like for example Billow I would definitely suggest that you use that now what Facebook is actually recommending here in this pillar is to use the Branded content ads and that is a setting within your ads manager and you can basically run ads from a creators page and they're going to have that little sponsored title when someone sees that ad and learn news feed or in their stories it looks very authentic as if the Creator actually posted that ad or that video and they're just tagging you in it so this can make it feel very authentic and especially if that creator is either a micro influencer or a larger Creator on Instagram Facebook or you know even somewhere like Tech talk they're more easily able to reach Their audience and if you're working with that Creator ideally that audience is your ideal customer so it can be a really great way to Target new customers without necessarily using the targeting options within your ads manager so the second pillar is using creatives for direct response and that basically means branded content ads and running the ads through the creators page the third pillar is creative diversification while we are recommending working with creators and you know creating ugc content it doesn't take away the fact that you should be testing out single images or animated images or long form videos short form videos if you're using mostly ugc maybe you invest a little bit more in like studio production to make it look more professional but really the idea is that you're not just running one type of creative and that you're giving Facebook multiple different creatives for it to show your ads to and the main reason for that is that not everyone is going to respond to the exact same ad even though you might have your ideal customer there's still people who respond better to images or who respond better to long form videos or respond better to just like call to action videos where like they take the action right away and overall if you want to scale your account the number one way to do that is going to be by creative diversification having multiple different formats of creatives to show your audience if you feel right now you're doing really really well with ugc content it's maybe time to try something else out even though it's currently working you never know what could be better unless you try it out so invest in different resources to get your ads kind of to the next level and be able to scale your budget even more on that note about creative diversification we actually have a swipe file that has I think over 21 different ideas that you can use for your Facebook ads it includes all those different formats and types of things that you can try out so I would recommend going to the link below and downloading it so you can use it for yourself and always refer back to it if you're looking for new ideas another thing that you can do is kind of spy on your competitors so you can go to tick tock ads Library Facebook ads library and see what other creators and brands are doing and Source ideas from what they're doing but kind of add your own creativity to it so never be afraid to try something new and if you are looking for new ideas Go download the creative swipe file or check out our other videos that talk about different ideas that you can use for your Facebook ad creatives so the first pillar is your conversions API quality check and this just makes sure that you are sending the maximum amount of data from your website back to Facebook so you can get better targeting and just create better audiences and personalization overall we know that post iOS 14 data is limited so the conversion API make sure that you're tracking data on your browser and server and if that's really technical that's no problem we actually have other videos that show you how to set up the conversions API depending on the platform they're using and also with Google tag manager but we also have some resources if you find that really too complicated so we offer a full done for you setup or coaching to show you how to set it up for your site and you can click the link below and schedule a call to work with us and we can help you out with the conversions API there's kind of two things that you want to make sure that you are completing so if you do have it set up that you are receiving data from both the browser and the server and also that your event quality match is a high and you can check this all out within your events manager within your business manager and if it looks all good you know that you are sending the maximum amount of data possible even in this world where data is limited you want to make sure you're doing all that you can to ensure maximum data sharing the final pillar is business result verification and while I think this is a really great idea that Facebook is recommending I don't fully agree that is like easiest and maybe the most actionable and I'm just gonna kind of explain what it is and why I don't think that that's super actionable basically a conversion list helps you understand the true value of your Facebook Instagram and Audience Network ads a driving overall sales and conversions for your brand post iOS 14 I know that people have a really bad taste in their mouth about Facebook because of the amount of data that isn't sent back maybe some issues with targeting and just having to shift entire Focus over from basically targeting a super narrow group to keeping it relatively Broad and using your creatives to Target that's a whole shift and so people are stuck in the old kind of mindset of using just targeting we have a bad taste in our mouth because maybe results aren't as good as they used to be when in reality the whole landscape has changed what I believe is that Facebook is recommending the business results verification to actually show you the real impact that your Facebook ads have with your overall business growth and also in the past most of the activity was happening on desktop computers so if you saw an ad on Facebook you clicked it on your computer you went to their website on your computer and it was easy to track those things but with you know your phones and laptops and iPads and different devices that you're using for your social media it's really hard to track cross app data and really relay that back to Facebook so with Facebook's version lift basically you identify the audience you want to Target and the objective that you want to use so if you're using sales or brand awareness or traffic then Facebook randomizes your audience into two groups and separates them from a test and a control group so one group gets delivered the ads and one group does not then it passes your data using like the conversion API the Facebook pixel from both browser and server which is why it's important to have your conversions API quality check done and then they compare that data with the test and control group to see which one drove overall more sales so if they didn't see your ad did it result in Less sales and if they did see your ad did a result in more sales and ultimately this is just a way that Facebook can prove to you yes we are a good platform we are driving overall business results and even though the data might be limited within your ads manager it's still worthwhile for you to run Facebook ads and stay up to date with the best practices because in the end we are helping you drive overall Revenue I think that's a great method to use the only caveat is that it can be very expensive you do need like one to three months to run it and you also need to work with a Facebook partner in order to do this because not everyone has this feature so while I think it's a great test to do and try out if you are looking to scale it might not be super actionable for smaller Brands which I know a lot of smaller brands are on Facebook but overall I do think this is a great method because I do believe that if you stay up to date with the best practices and you are focusing on Creative for the time being and you're focusing on really improving your Facebook ads and not set it and forget it I think it's an amazing platform almost the entire world is on Facebook and it can help grow your business so much if used properly by staying in the old ways and not using the platform properly then yes it can hurt your results and so we just want a method to actually prove to you that yes this is worth it for you so that right there is Facebook's performance five and I think that these are all really great actionable steps again these do not replace the Facebook power five and I think that you should use these two different kind of methods in conjunction with each other because they kind of complement each other but meta just wanted to make sure that it continues to provide its audience and its advertisers with the best techniques to actually improve the result because in the end yes it is true they are looking to get you the best results possible and they are not up to get to you they're not trying to you know Steer you away from the platform you just kind of have to play with their rules and optimize for what they are looking for after all it is company they want you to abide by their rules so I hope this helped out guys if you have any questions about Facebook's performance 5 or how you could Implement let us know either in the comment section below or we also have a free forum that you can create an account for free post your questions for free and we'll get back to you and that's at coffee and marketing.org we're always here to answer your questions if you have any and if not I hope you found value from this video give it a thumbs up hit the Subscribe button if you haven't already and we'll see you in the next video [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DanEnescu [3 likes]: The best FB advertising marketers just dropped a new vid! Thanks for the tips as always 😎
  2. @khouri159: Your Download assets doesnt come or reach my email or spam . Is it working  ?
  3. @aminekh.1704: Hi Sidney, I have a problem that I can't solve.
I have an ecommerce store but the payment method is cash on delivery.
and the button to add to cart has been removed and replaced by a form where the customer enters his information and validates and the order is confirmed.

I don't know what to do for my campaign, if I should do a conversion campaign optimized for purchases or a conversion campaign optimized for leads, or directly a lead campaign 

Thank you so much and have a good day

- 5 Proven Tips to Grow Fast on Facebook in 2026 | Facebook Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Struggling with low reach on Facebook? You're not alone. Here are five practical tips to grow faster. Tip one, post native content. Upload videos directly to Facebook instead of sharing external links to keep users on the platform. Tip two, create sharable posts. Focus on quick checklists or relatable problems that people want to send to friends. Tip three, hook in 3 seconds. Start with a bold statement or a clear problem. Stop the scroll immediately. Tip four, stay consistent. A simple weekly structure like three quality posts per week builds trust and visibility. Tip five, start conversations. Use polls and reply to comments. More engagement leads to much more reach. Follow for more digital growth tips. See you in the next

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @user-j7d8o [2 likes]: FEW hard facts about Andromeda and META:

FACT – When you are crafting ads and testing different angles, you already know what you are doing and why. AI “enhancements” are pure rubbish — actually ruining your ads — as the last thing you want is your test to be ruined by literally garbage enhancements, because they are garbage. When you are crafting your ad, you do it in a specific way so you know what you are testing and what you are communicating. So first of all AI should be completely excluded from even touching ad creatives. Also look at those “enhancements” — most of them are a joke.

FACT – In the last few months, Meta was ruining ad accounts by switching things and enhancements without advertising agency consents. Even when you try to kill Meta’s nonsense, after a few days or so, they switch “their enhancements” back without your consent. Meta randomly kills or switches off great ad sets or even creatives in manual campaigns without user consent. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – AI (we use AI quite heavily on a pro level for certain high-end tasks). Around 30% of the time it completely fails — which means Meta’s “algos” become literally a gamble — nothing else and nothing more. We all know that AI is still crap and keeps making mistakes all the time. So when your "Meta AI" algos makes a mistakes - and keeps pushing your ad's to the random - even not targeted or related folks? For instance your are selling only woman related products which are not applicable to men or diffrenet age groups. And you know that - so it you definetly excluding your  ads sets for men or vice versa. However META AI algos - see the engagment, and here you go, you are selling woman tampons - to the guys. Reported by many reputable agencies. 

FACT – “More creatives,” “more variations,” “more more more” — "it’s not Meta, it’s you guys". This aligns perfectly with Meta’s issue and their strategy. Facebook engagement and content declined drastically in recent years, so basically they’re just trying to use advertisers to “create more engaging” content for their platform — but engagement never meant sales. If your ad grabs attention because it’s fun to watch, that doesn’t mean sales. Meta on average earns from their users out of our pockets around $140–$200 a day. So this is strategy is a directly tied to their revenue. 

FACT – Some ad accounts were completely ruined by META updates recently. In our case we had a few accounts which were performing quite well — good tested creatives, good audiences — just vanished in a day. Literally you just open the ad account one day and that’s it. You can’t use the same ads anymore. Pushing the same + new creatives (with things we know work, as we’ve been working with clients and audiences) and nothing works anymore. Resetting the whole ad account with 30 different tests, pouring cash, and the result is 0. Meanwhile the same setups, same audiences, and products still run well as before on other accounts — while basically selling identical products and services. So in the end, we just had to tell the clients we literally can do nothing about it.

But don’t trust me — check my facts. You’ll see the same things across the board with pro agencies stating the same things.

And fun fact — a bunch of YouTubers are stating the same scripts: “It’s not Meta, Meta is great! It’s you guys.” Yeah. Totally not sponsored or biased. So folks — keep in mind the misleading content.

Ben — while you’re stating Meta improvements are great, “everyone is making cash off ADV+ setups”  and even selling courses — how come your own company revenue is in steep decline :D
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  5. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- Understand Meta Andromeda: Sequence Learning Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Hello. How's it going everyone? So, in this video, we're going to be continuing our journey on understanding more about what is happening with Meta Andromeda. For reference, if you guys do not know, there is a lot of features inside of Meta Andromeda. So, there's for example the Meta Gem, Metal Latus, and then obviously the Meta Andromeda right here. And then now today we're going to be covering the sequence learning, the memory game, pretty much how the algorithm optimizes and how we can apply this to our ad accounts to better understand the framework that we're kind of working from because this is what guides our overall strategies inside of meta. So we kind of have this public knowledge here and then we also have the disruptor knowledge that we get on the back end of uh one of our largest clients that we work with um or John works with. And so the the cool thing about this is that we've kind of seen the earlier process of what Meta recommends when it comes to how to feed the algorithm the right information. So we talked about how it holds information, it gathers information, and then if you've watched my other Meta Andromeda videos, um, we've talked a little about how it sort of interacts with people inside of the journey. So, I'm going to read this real quick and then I'll give you guys my thoughts on this and then we'll kind of go into the reason as to why we build the architecture the way that we do based off this information for ad accounts. So, sequence learning the memory game. Sequence learning is an AI modeling technique that enables our ad system to consider the sequence of actions a person takes before and after seeing an ad. This allows a deeper understanding of what the purchase journeys people take, allowing us to deliver more personalized and relevant ads at the right time. Um, and then it gives an example over here about a ski resort. So it says, for example, previously with traditional aggregated data models, if a user converted on one ski resort ad, they may continue to see other ski resort ads with recent changes in our ads learning model. After purchasing the ski resort room, a person would now see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, ski luggage, providing more relevant ad personalization. So essentially, it knows where you're at in the journey and it tries to push ads to you as you move along your journey of of life, per se, right? And so we're on these platforms all the time, so they have a very good idea as to where we're at. Um, which is a little scary, but if we're advertisers, we're obviously very happy about this. Um, so the biggest thing that I want to bring up though about this is that a lot of times people don't necessarily they're they're kind of stuck in the audience cluster mindset, right? they're thinking that, oh, I need to target this audience and this is going to be what it's going to go after and I know it's going to be working and I know that I'm going to lean into this, you know, group of people because they're in my niche. But pretty much what it's saying is that no, we don't want to do that. We want to go after the individual on where they're at in their journey of their specific type of purchase. Right? So, we're not looking at targeting people that are interested in outdoor activities. Let's just say they're we're looking at someone that is recently purchased a ski resort and now you're selling them ski equipment. Um, and this is going to be obviously how you're going to leverage the algorithm because you don't want to add audience layers on top of that because it's going to dilute the data and you're not even going to be able to target those audiences in the first place, right? So, what we've been finding in accounts and this is all on the CPro Growth channel. If you are unaware of it, go check it out. That's where all the evidence is for all of this. But, um, where we show like actual case studies, so I'm not just one of those, you know, talking heads that kind of just makes up stuff and theories. Um, we actually have evidence over there. So, Cro Growth, check that out. It's another YouTube channel, but this is sort of, you know, the channel for kind of condensing this all down. So, what do we mean by um the fact that we don't want to lay on audiences and audiences don't work? It's because they overlap with Advantage Plus and Advantage Plus is going to go beyond the audience. Even if you were to trim off as many things as you want, you exclude all customers and you exclude all your warm traffic and you make sure that you're only targeting people of a certain demographic, still not going to only go after those people. And you'll see this as evidence where whenever you scale for example meta and you have all your exclusions on your already converted users but then you start to see repeat customers come back through that same ad spend and you see that you know essentially degradation of um overall ad spend being attributed towards new customers. It's now driving return customer. So when you scale, you don't get as good of a cost per new customer or an overall, you know, ammer or NMER, whatever you want to call it, which is essentially just your your rorowaz for all new customers. And so when we look at that, we say, okay, well, when we scale, this doesn't work. Okay, shift over to cappy imports. When we scale it, it does work because we have a lot more data that's pushing towards new customers. So we're fitting the algorithm, the audiences that we want kind of thing. Now the the big factor when it comes to Cappy imports and how this works on the sequential learning is one of the things that we've noticed and it's against our best operating procedures which is view through conversions or view any engage view conversion kind of thing right and so what generally is taught inside of our community is using 7-day click um and the reason for that is because the data is a lot cleaner and it's a lot easier to find correlations between the benchmark of the in platform and then your actual P&L. But the issue with that is that it limits the ability for the algorithms to lean into transitioning and seeing more parts of the journey and rewarding creative for certain parts of the journey if you're running a sales or lead campaign or app campaign as well too. And so what that means is that you need to make sure that you're number one tracking the data as well as possible because you can see which ads are performing more top of funnel, middle of funnel, and bottom of funnel to get you a better picture as to what's going on. But if you're running Copy imports, one thing that we found that was very beneficial is with Cappy imports edge tag. Right? So we're using edge tag. We're not just using elevar. We're using actual edge tagging. when we filter for just pushing in click data, it will still attribute engage view conversion data when you push that into the platform. So, we're taking clean data and we're giving that to the platform, but we're running one day view inside of the platform along with 7-day click, which is then allowing Meta's Andromeda to cycle through different parts of the creative a lot more effectively, right? We can get more engaged view conversions that show for a certain creative that then allows that to now transition to our top of funnel creative, let's say. So really really important that um you run that barrier if you are running engage view conversions because you want to make sure that it's not just making up data. If you are in a scenario where you have engaged view conversions already and you or just view through conversions already mixed with clicks um make sure that the ratio is less than the clicks because once that ratio switches now you're going off of model data and you have no evidence of actual correlation. It's more so just what the algorithm tells you. So when that threshold crosses 50%, there's more engaged views. Be very very skeptical of the data. I would swap to 70 click if that is the case. But very very scary if you're in that scenario because that means that the algorithm can go in all sorts of directions. Um so we want to make sure that we still have those controllable benchmarks. So going back to the the core of this, the reality is is that sequential learning allows us to meet more users at the specific part of the journey while also allowing us to have positive experiences with the consumer because it's what they're actually looking for. It's not just some random ad that pops up and interrupts them, per se. It does, but not in the in a as much of a negative sense, which is also incentive for the algorithm or for meta to keep people on the platform because it meets people where they're actually at in their journey. And it's cool because it's dynamic. So if someone purchases, beta knows, it's going to then swap to the different stage in the journey and advertise the next set of creatives. So we're all really just combining data together, which is a little scary. But with that being said, this is more information on how Meta Andromeda's structure works. Um, just want to give you guys the insight and yeah, I will see you guys in the next video. Thanks.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ganesh-td6jr: The only thing I'm confused about is the structure of the Cbo. Would it be 1 Adset all tageting the same angle and persona, just diversded in different formats (Tof, Mof,Bof) Ugc, Statics, Founder, Etc. Or is it 1 Adset Mixed with all different Angles/Personas, concepts and formats (Tof, Mof,Bof) Ugc, Statics, Founder, Etc.

- How Meta Ads Targeting Really Works After the Andromeda Update (2025–2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English how Meta Ads targeting works now after the big algorithm change often called Andromeda and exactly how to adjust your setup so your ads start performing again. So, give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of testing all the wrong things. We're going to cover what actually changed and why your old targeting now underperforms, the new targeting mindset Meta wants you to use, a simple campaign structure that fits with the update, and how to optimize without breaking your learning. Chapters are linked in the description. So, let's get into it. So, chapter one, what Meta changed, the plain English version. Previously, Meta struggled with the first step of delivery, which is ad retrieval. That's the bit where the system picks a short list of ads that could be shown to a person. There were millions and millions of ads out there and not enough computing power to consider them all fairly. So, the system tended to find an early winner and pile all of your budget into one two three creatives. Broad catch all messages did well, but more niche messaging and targeting didn't really work. After the Andromeda update, Meta rebuilt that retrieval engine, and it's said to be up to 10,000 times faster. Think it is swapping a tired old librarian for a Formula 1 pick route. The system consider far more ads, much faster, build a better short list for each individual person to receive specific ads. It doesn't just know that you like shoes, for example. It knows that you like red flip-flops for the beach and it can quickly retrieve the best ads to sell you that product. The result is less reliance on microtargeting within the adset and more weight on what's inside your actual ad, such as the copy, the visuals, and the target customer pain points to decide who is going to see it. Today, budget spreads across more creatives because Meta can match different ads to different people. So, you'll see your budget distributed much more evenly in the future. Now, if your performance has recently dipped, it's because your old setup was built for the old audience targeting. Now, where Meta picked one or two winners and pushed all of your budget into those ads, that era is over. So, chapter two, the new targeting mindset. The old mindset was that you'll build a super specific audience and show them one or two broadly described ads. The new mindset is you'll keep the audience broad and your ads themselves will act as the targeting. In practice, that means building meaningfully different ads, not near duplicates with just different hooks. You want variety in concepts and angles, problem solution, pain points, testimonials, demos, comparisons, etc. In terms of your ad formats, you're going to want a good mix of short video, long video, static images, carousels, collections, and more. In terms of audience personas, speak to different types of awareness levels. Unaware, problem aware, solution aware, product aare, and most aware. This is your traditional marketing targeting that is now becoming more relevant for meta in 2026 and beyond. Your copy and your creative become your keywords if you're into SEO. So, make it obvious who the ad is for and what outcome that they will get. So, this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. GoHigh Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. Chapter three, improve your targeting with this simple campaign structure. It's so much easier. So, here's a structure we're rolling out across accounts because it fits the new system and it keeps you sane through simplicity. So, simply have a single campaign per performance objective that you're trying to achieve. If all you want is leads, whether that be on forms or through your website, just create one single campaign. If you want to achieve leads and you want to achieve direct website sales, you will need two different campaigns, one sales, one leads, then limit your adsets as much as possible. Most of the time at the moment, we're using just one adset with a broad audience targeting via advantage plus. You may need more adsets only if you want to retarget at specific stages because this means you can reach your retargeting audience with different content. We then build 20 plus ads within each ad set. Our ads are written for a variety of audience personas. For example, we're just redesigning a campaign for a legal services client. And previously, we ran multiple ads for their employment law services. Whereas now, we're niching down and we have ads that talk about workplace discrimination, constructive dismissal, maternity issues, negotiated exits, etc. Each audience persona is suffering different problems and the algorithm can now match the most suitable audience to the most suitable ad. Previously, it couldn't. So, we just needed really broad messaging. So, chapter four is what to do with warm audiences. As mentioned earlier, if you want specific content to reach your retargeting audience, then you'll need a separate ad set that is set up specifically just to target that remarketing audience, that warm audience. Outside of that, retargeting is already baked into the advantage plus algorithm. So, if somebody goes to your website via Google Ads, you can almost guarantee the next time they visit a meta platform, they will be seeing your ads. So only broaden your adsets if you want retargeting audience to see specific retargeting content. Chapter five, let's talk about tracking because for all of this to work properly, you need great data integrations. Your pixel must be set up with various website actions properly recorded and tracking correctly. Then you must have your conversion API sorted. After this, within the advertising settings section, make sure you tell the system who your active customers are and who your engaged audience is. If you have a CRM, integrate it into Meta Ads Manager so it can see and understand your pipeline. And if you have customer lists of all the people you've previously worked for, worked with, even upload it into a custom audience. Meta needs all this data to consider how to use your advertising and target effectively. If you want to understand how to do all of that, subscribe to this channel and follow our simple guides. So, I hope this helps and we will see you next time. But you have to implement all of that stuff post Andromeda if you want to be successful.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KashafButt33 [2 likes]: Can you plz teach me how to create a ad account in business suit and how it works and we boost add plz teach me for the zero class it's mean you teach me for starting I am from Pakistan and I watched your many videos but I can't understand you're English is very tough and you speak very fast this way I don't understand😅😅 😅😅
  2. @sean_stone_spillover_commerce [1 likes]: This was REALLY helpful. Great video. Thanks for putting this out!
  3. @AcademyHomeBuyers [1 likes]: Are you using dynamic creative?  I was doing very well with dynamic creative in the past
  4. @dmmarketerarif: Hi, I noticed your videos have great content but very low SEO score (32/100). Titles, tags & descriptions aren’t optimized, that’s why reach is low. I do YouTube SEO and can help you grow fast 🚀. Want me to share some ideas?
  5. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?

- Everyone Is Talking About Andromeda. Here’s What Actually Changed: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we are going to discuss about Meta Andromeda update and what it means for us as marketers. I know we are a bit late to the party, but then I was literally testing it out. I have added here the most important things that you need to do if you want the Android update to work in your favor. The first thing you have to understand is there is no rule in campaign structure anymore. I know a lot of people were discussing CBO, this BO, DBO, whatever. Nothing. None of that matters anymore. Like a campaign structure now is only for you to organize stuff. If you are working with an advertiser and you basically they sell tables and chairs, you want separate budget for tables and you want separate budget for chairs. You cannot segregate. This has this is a company policy. In that case, you can have two campaigns. We tested separate campaigns. We tested same campaigns. I think same campaigns work slightly better in most of the cases. But it doesn't even matter. Now all the focus now has moved to ads. The second thing is creative signal is very important. And there's a way to verify it as well. Now what it means is a lot of people say oh creative is the new targeting. To be honest with you, I asked a lot of people what does that mean? Tell me as a layman. Nobody knows this. They just remember the line creative is the new targeting. Now you have to understand one thing. targeting, bidding strategy, campaign structure, all of that that has been taken away from us marketers. It doesn't really these things don't really matter and meta handles it in a much better way. The only thing that is with us nowadays, what goes into the creative, what goes into the pre primary text, what goes into the video or uh what hook or what static image to use. The signals you provide there are very very important. Now you don't have to stick to rules like primary text needs to be four lines. You don't have to look at aesthetics now. Oh, I just add four bullet points. It looks nice. Now you have to add content. You have to feed uh meta about your signals. And let me show you an example. This is one of the ad we are running to promote our courses. And if you see our primary text here basically is focused on telling everything more than audience. We're telling meta that what this ad is about and what we say in the uh video is important as well. Or if it's a static banner, what you say that is important as well. You have to you don't have to just consider what will be liked by audience anymore. You have to keep in mind that you have to feed the data in meta as well. Now how you can check is basically now with this detailed one here primary text. You see that when we say tailor variations to personas meta will automatically understand that who is it for. If it understands here that means it understands your audience as well. See for example it's saying for ambitious digital marketers this is what we will show these are the variations then marketing career starters this is what we'll show then it'll show a variation for business owners this is really our audience now if you see here that meta is able to understand who your audience is you have to understand the creative signals are strong I know it's overwhelming to decide what creative angles to test what hooks to test for videos and how to maintain creative diversity city. But I have a good news. Check out this amazing guide called 50 Facebook ad examples that works and why. And you can get access to this guide completely for free from the link in the description below. This guide shows you 50 examples and explains why each of these ads was the best performing and why it worked. Each example includes detailed analysis of design choices, value propositions, and actionable insights on why they work. And my favorite part about this ebook is that it breaks down the psychology and the strategy that made each ad effective. And you will understand not just what works, but why it works. So you can test, learn, and scale your own winning campaigns. And by the end of this guide, you're certainly going to have so many ideas like I did. And we all know how important it is to have the ideas about the creatives when that is the most important factor in a campaign success. And this guide is created by HubSpot Media, who is also sponsoring this video. So, back to our next point. Don't be scared of creative diversity. In the old days, I remember having a lot of posts on LinkedIn that there was a model looking at the camera, there was a perfume here, and in another variation, the model was looking at the uh perfume. And this was considered to be a variation. And some people will say, "Oh, I just created this AB test. The model looking at the perfume gets more CTR." It's not considered to be creative diversity anymore. What creative diversity means now is you basically have to find different angles of your creative. Let me show you one example as well. So for example, this is a creative where we are promoting our programmatic ads course. Now if you see here the primary text here basically the angle we have is want to be among the top digital marketers. If we want to learn pinnacle skills or performance marketing, it'll definitely so basically we're targeting digital marketers and telling them if you want upskill programmatic advertising is one good thing. Now if you see here this is one creative see we are finding very different angles here your digital marketing degree might be a complete waste. This is a super niche po post but even if it helps five people I'll be more than happy over the weekend I met two guys from India. So here we're targeting very niche audience who are doing masters in digital marketing and they basically don't have industry knowledge and then they look for jobs and they don't find it because they don't have real knowledge of media platforms etc. How niche in the old days we would have to create a separate campaign for this or at least add group then add specific targeting and then blah blah blah. Now no all of these angles go in one campaign and that is what Andromeda does. It finds that right audience. It knows who to find. Now if you see for example we have 20 25 creators in just one campaign one ad set all of them there all of these angles. So that leads us to our next point which is targeting does not mean anything. And I literally mean this. No matter how niche product you're selling, for example, digital marketing courses, programmatic advertising courses, how niche can it be than people doing masters in digital marketing, no targeting and it's working. So that leads us to our fifth point which is focus on data quality you feed to meta. Now Andromeda is data hungry. In one of the ad accounts, we basically disconnected because now you have a native integration in meta ads. You can integrate your Google Analytics and the results started getting crazy without major changes there. I'm yet to verify with other accounts but it's just one account overall focus on data quality do offline conversion tracking. I mean with all the attribution reports we see uh incremental uh purchases and 7day, 1 day, 5day clicks. when you look at the data you see how much data is meta collecting now back I mean we're just now getting better before it got worse um sixth one is optimize at campaign level what we saw at senator van ads with all our clients now most of the optimizations you have to do at campaign level to be honest with you now the mo most important optimization is uh selecting the right goal selecting optimizing campaign for the right event optimization event but still when you're doing it do it at campaign level. Don't be in a rush to see that, okay, I have 10 creatives. These two are not doing that great. Creatives have good CTRs, they have good this thing. Don't be in a rush to switch them off. Keep all the angles on basically. Okay, you want to refresh the creative. You think, okay, it's not bringing any purchases. Add one more. That's okay. But don't kill angles. That's what I mean. And don't look at um cost per purchase and all those things at creative level. Move back. Move back towards campaign level. That's what we learned and that's what we are doing. That's all for this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @buzzboomer [3 likes]: Loved the insight that campaign structure now mainly serves organizational purposes, not optimization.
  2. @sivamokkala3452 [1 likes]: Loved the Insights & Update on Meta Andromeda.
  3. @preethimeena3457 [1 likes]: Bro, or anyone who’s an expert in Meta Ads! I have a doubt — I’m running ads targeting audiences from Chennai, where people mainly speak Tamil. However, I’m getting leads from people who speak Hindi. I’ve kept my location targeting very narrow so that it only targets specific areas in Chennai, yet I’m still getting the wrong leads — especially for the aesthetic clinic! I’ve done a lot of R&D on this but couldn’t find a solution. Can anyone help me out with this? Thank you!
  4. @SenatorWeRunAds: Full Stack Marketing Program: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/courses/pro
Consulting: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/donewithyou
Agency Service: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/agency
  5. @dineshpatil8506: Good analogy.
  6. @shoppermaniac: Finnaly found a  correct Andromeda vidoe
  7. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: How would you implement Andromeda for an online furniture e-commerce store that sells multiple product categories (mirrors, buffets etc)...?
  8. @mohammedarsan182: Amazing insights and way to put them out
  9. @diysai: We belong to a restricted category (financial services) and we're unable to use many targeting options including advantage plus. What option do we have?
  10. @husseinfarghaly9524: Why talking about Andromeda now eventhough the last update about it was in 2024 December?

I'm honestly curious
  11. @playmaxgaming8878: Ovais bhai, please let me know how to apply in your agency. I want to work with you. I have completed a course from Kraftshala. Have Almost 2 years of experience in social media marketing specifically Meta Ads. 
Could you let me know if there are opening at your agency?
  12. @losstanddfound: This video simply nullifies the reason to watch ANY other "andromeda decoded" video.
  13. @anushkapandey1366: I want to join your website membership, but I can't see the monthly plan now. Can you help me?
  14. @priaAInetwork: Nice vid!
  15. @cslife1149: Whenever any updates come in meta or fb, so tour course is also updated frequently according to update?
  16. @AliRiza-l8g: Are you Kashmiri?
  17. @IdrisMirza-p2n: Hey Dear ! Your Content is really very awesome, Can you please give me your udemy course.
  18. @Harisansari1: Love this sir ❤
  19. @priyanshusrivastava3325: Hi, sir can u update ai marketing course with n8n automation or someother automation
  20. @sumitdas6596: Roas Dropped from 6.6 from 0.6 after the update 😢

- How Meta’s Andromeda Update Is Secretly Changing Your Ads (And What To Do About It): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just rolled out one of their biggest algorithm updates and it's called Andromeda. And if you have noticed that your ad performance has been down since August, this could be why. Some businesses that are rolling this out see their CPMs drop with 20% whereas other businesses actually see their customer acquisition tank. Meta quietly built up their ad platform from the ground up and some advertisers have no idea what hit them. I'm about to show you how Andromeda exactly works, why your current Facebook ad strategies might be obsolete, and what strategies you can use and implement. Right now, we've been testing this in client accounts and we're spending millions a month. And we have a case study where we actually show that it's working great and another case study where actually the customer acquisition is tanking. So, if you're running Facebook ads in 2025, you got to understand this. So, let's dive in. What exactly is Andromeda? Think of it as Meta completely rebuilding the engine of a car while you are still driving it. They didn't just change the algorithm. They fundamentally changed how Meta makes decisions which ads are actually shown to users. Here's the technical bit made simple. Andromeda is Facebook's new ads retrieval system. Before, when a user opened Facebook, Facebook would basically decide out of a few hundred ads which ads it was going to show the user. Now it's scanning thousands, if not tens of thousands of ads in a few seconds. Using sequence learning, it doesn't just understand what you're doing now, but what you have done last week or past month. The old system was like a librarian grabbing a random book off the shelf. Andromeda is like an AI that has read the whole library, knows what you exactly read, and therefore will have a much better prediction of what you actually enjoy reading. And here's where it gets wild, because Meta paired it with Advantage Plus, which is now on by default on both CBO and campaigns. So this basically forces you to run campaigns on autopilot. No micromanaging anymore. The machine is now really in control. And this changes everything on how we run ads. We used to want to have only like three to six ads basically in an adset because we know that Facebook was going to shift the budget to one or two ads. That rule is done. Or the 20% tax rule on an image irrelevant as well. What matters now the most is creative diversity. And I'm not talking about making 15 variations of a headline. Andromeda rewards portfolios with fundamentally different creative ad concepts. Think of it like this. Rather than split testing the buy now or learn more button, you want to have fundamentally different ads in your adsense. Problem solution ads, founder story ads, or UGC. The system now thinks in terms of creative portfolios, not individual ads. The system is now looking at your complete creative library and it matches your creative library to the behavior of the user. One person might see a testimonial because that's what they watched yesterday. Another sees your product demo because they have been researching solutions. And here's the counterintuitive part. Adding more creative to your campaigns actually is working now. We are seeing 30, 40 or even 50 ads in a single campaign absolutely crushing it. The old way of like keeping it simple is basically over and done. Forget everything you know about campaign structure. The new winning formula is simple. One campaign per objective per front-end offer. broad targeting and as much creative diversity as you can. We are really starting to move away from audiences and ABOS's. No more complex funnel as one Andromeda optimized CBO campaign can actually tap into all of the audiences throughout the funnel. Top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel all squished basically in one campaign. So consolidation is king. Why? Because in order for Andromeda to work well, it needs that data density. If you split your budget across 10 different campaigns, you're basically depriving the algorithm of data. But if you put it in one, two, or three campaigns, you're feeding the algorithm with data, and you'll see that it will actually start to work better. In the ideal scenario, your campaigns now have at least 10 different ad concepts. So, not just 10 different variations, but completely different ad concepts. And the recommendation of Facebook is to try to test at least 20 creatives per week. So, that would be 80 per month. And when you have new creatives, you can do two things. Either you feed into your evergreen campaign, or you have a big testing campaign that you're consistently pushing new ads in, and your winners you push into your evergreen CBO advantage plus campaign. So, let me show you what this actually means in practice. So, Cleanies, one of our mastermind students, saw their performance tank in mid August. Their CPM started to increase, drove a higher cost per click, and therefore obviously higher CPAs. And they completely restructured their ad accounts. They went from eight campaigns down to two, one per front-end offer. They took every winning ad from the past year and even the ones they turned off because they were fat fatigued, they were loaded into one new campaign. So they added founder stories, behind the scenes content, customer testimonials, everything. And within days, their CPMs dropped with 20%. And therefore also their cost per click again and their CPAs actually dropped with 35%. But here's the interesting part. Whereas before one or two ads would basically get the majority of the budget. Right now with having 15 ads in one campaign, we actually see that Facebook starts to feeds the budget and basically spread it out much more equally. And obviously it's still pushing budget to actually the ads that are working, but the spread is much more diverse than one or two ads that are getting like the 90% of the budget. So the lesson Andromeda rewards creative diversity and creative portfolios. But to be fair, it's also not all sunshine and rainbows. We discovered something actually pretty disturbing from one of our agency clients. So we actually saw in the audience segments in the Facebook ads manager that customer acquisition was really strong. We had strong CPAs after implementing this Andromeda structure. We had strong CPAs and strong rorowaz. But the Shopify back end was actually showing a different story because what we saw is that the number of new customers went down since we implemented this and returning customer rate went up. Now you could think that that's a good thing, but in this case, returning customer rate went up because the number of new customers was going down. So what was happening? Andromeda was basically finding people that were most likely to convert and kept circling actually more towards existing customers and therefore dropping the number of new customer acquisition. So what was the solution? Well, obviously we had to go in and explicitly actually still add in exclusions of site visitors and past customers. So even though Meta says, "Hey, listen. You can now have one campaign that's basically a fullfunnel campaign. The most important thing is your back end, if you see something else happening in your back end, you have to make decisions that are actually in the best interest of your business, not in the best interest obviously of Meta. So if you have seen a drop in your ads, here is what you can do and test today. Try to consolidate your campaigns with having a CBO, open, broad targeting with a creative diversification portfolio. You can also go back through all of the creatives that you have had in your archive like historical creatives that did very well. Try to add them together in that one big CBO Andromeda campaign and see if they actually start working again because we have seen that that actually does work. And third, you really need to double down on a creative production schedule because creative production, creative strategy has never been more important. Meta recommends to test 20 ads per week. Now the question is whether you can reach that or not. But you have to start thinking about systems to actually start reaching that. So try to use AI to create creatives briefs. You need to hire maybe a creative strategist or you can work with an agency like smart marketer to help you with that. Fourth, please check your back end. If you roll this out and you see the number of new customers go down and your returning customer rate go up at exclusions, even though that's not like best practices of meta, your goal and your objective obviously as a business owner and as a marketer is to make sure that your customer acquisition stays strong and that we use the tools that are given uh to us. So even though we do see that Andromeda actually does very good things for a lot of our client accounts, make sure that you check your back end and that Andromeda is not going after existing customers just to get those conversions and have a good meta row which is not in your best interest. Your best interest is a strong backend row. The Andromeda update is the biggest update that we have seen since iOS 14.5 dropped, but not a lot of people are actually talking about it and even Meta keeps it a bit quiet. So the advertisers that figure this out right now can dominate while others are still running the 2023 playbook. The old way of testing your way to the one perfect ad is that the future is creative portfolios, consolidated campaigns, and feeding the machine what it actually wants, which is variety, volume, and velocity. If this helps you understand what is working right now, please subscribe, leave a comment, or if you see something else happening in your accounts that is working, please put it in the comments as well. The businesses that adopt to the Andromeda update can absolutely thrive. The ones that don't will wonder why their 2024 campaigns are not working anymore. So, don't get left behind. I hope this was useful and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maurocorreia10 [3 likes]: Hi! How do you pass a winner to the winner campaign?
  2. @agusset1awan [1 likes]: With Meta’s Andromeda-driven campaign optimization encouraging brands to consolidate campaigns while relying on the system to manage delivery through creative variation, an important question arises: does this evolution genuinely serve the best interests of advertisers, or does it primarily advance Meta’s own platform efficiency goals?
  3. @seank2793 [1 likes]: How do you apply this update to local lead gen campaign like landscaping?
  4. @JasonKhehra [1 likes]: Thanks for this video. How do you recommend we do Ad set structure within the CBO? Should we run different ad sets for Founder stories, UGC, etc.?
  5. @learning11-d3g: amazing video. What about catalog ads? Where does is all fit in with the new updates and campaign structure? also when you say broad, the audience signals are broad now technically because meta is saying that it will go broad regardless of the audience suggestion correct?
  6. @iamchieve: Please what’s creative ? Let’s start there as everything will make a lot sense to me if I understand the meaning 😢
  7. @lazurrd: from Afghanistan
  8. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  9. @OlexDesign: Great info - thank you. I am wondering how to apply creative diversity to dynamic catalog ads when you have 200 products plus different variations. Also, you cannot add videos to a WooCommerce image gallery.
  10. @TerrogamingProbro: Nice
  11. @alkhannoussiayoube9723: I don't get it ads was working amazing why this messs we are loosing money testing 😒
  12. @miguelchacker5327: Hi! I’ve been in the industry for around six monhts now. I wouldn’t say I’m an expert yet, but I definitely know my way around. I’m currently looking for an agency that offers a long-term position. I’m also open to starting as an intern even working for free at the start  just to prove myself and eventually discuss a proper pay structure.

If anyone knows an agency or mentor who’s open to taking on a mentee, I’d really appreciate your recommendation. I’m ready to start ASAP!
  13. @b1nvezz15: take link update pls
  14. @Zak-t5y: Question: My current testing CBO is structured in a way where each time I upload something new, I create an ad set with 3 variations.
Should I keep that, or should I restructure my testing CBO so I just have one ad set with all of my testing creatives?

since the meta update rewards totally different ad concepts instead of seperating everything
  15. @nigeldamen7949: But we can we test like 4 main images, 3 collage and 3 carrousel for fashion or doesnt it work like that?
  16. @VitalSleep: What about adding 100 creative or even 200 creatives?
  17. @vitalorigin: What about splitting Ad Sets within a campaign by product or offer? Or should we just put everything in 1 Ad Set too?
  18. @Aazamkaradiia18: So the new update says, do not turn off the non performing ads but only turn off ads that are not spending, right ? So i wanted to ask if i have to add new creatives in that ad-set itself or what ?
  19. @pedrosierra4962: What were you teaching before? One campaign, ads all the way from top of funnel down to bottom of funnel, has already been the best practice.
  20. @sk33nzy: My friend, I haven't been getting any results from message ads for a week. Money is going out but no messages are coming in or 1 message costs $10. What can I do? I'm doing everything, including creative testing.

- How Meta Andromeda Changes Music Ads: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads, there's a good chance that in the last few months, you have had things go kind of wrong. Maybe you were running a campaign that was working pretty well and all of a sudden it stopped working pretty well. Or maybe you launched a new campaign that you thought would work pretty well and it went badly. And if you're running ads, you might have also heard about this kind of mysterious thing called Meta Andromeda. Some galaxysized update that apparently had a huge impact to hear the marketing internet tell it just totally wrecked all Meta advertising forever. So, in today's video, I'm going to break it down. First of all, is Meta Andromeda ruining your ads? Secondly, what actually is Andromeda? What even [music] does it mean? And then third, if it is ruining your ads, if your ads have declined over the last few months, what can you do to make them better again? So, if you've heard the word Andromeda and you've kind of freaked out, this video is for you. Stick around. Let's get into it. [music] >> [music] >> So I actually want to start by unpacking what Meta Andromeda is because that will really frame our whole conversation. So there is a lot of confusion about what it is and that is understandable because if you go and read Meta's documentation about it, it is filled with words that I do not honestly understand and I feel like the people who are writing the words probably did not understand. But there is a lot of technical language and a lot of just honestly marketing speak that probably doesn't even mean anything. So I think that contributes to the confusion with Andromeda. And then secondly, like the platform just is complicated. So it is just hard to understand some of how these things work. But based on what we do know, Meta Andromeda is an ad retrieval system. And so the role that Andromeda itself actually plays is filtering millions and millions of ads into a pool of like thousands of ads to potentially show to users who are on Facebook and Instagram and meta-owned platforms. So it's not like the whole algorithm. It's not the thing that actually shows the ad to the person at the time. John Loomer gives this good analogy where it is like a librarian who when you go into a library narrows down this list of all these titles in the library to like 100 books that you might be interested in. That is the role that it's playing. It's a retrieval system that's collecting thousands of top ads for users, but it's just a part of a bigger system. And if you look through Meta's documentation, part of the system also involves something called MetaGeem GM, which I'm not even going to get into it and hopefully understand it. And also Meta Lattis. These are things that are not getting hyped as much as Andromeda, but they're all part of this overall movement toward AI assisted delivery, increased machine learning in the algorithms, basically the ways that they are serving ads to users. So Andromeda is kind of become a catch-all phrase for the way that Meta is leaning into these sorts of things. And the reason that Meta is changing all this stuff is because there is a problem of volume. There are just more and more ads on the platform. Partly because people are creating all these AI generated assets. partly because Meta is pushing things this way themselves. And so the old systems that were doing the ad serving were no longer able to do it well because of the sheer volume of ads. So that is why Andromeda exists and why they're updating all these algorithms. It's because they just have more ads on the platform and they need a way to better show them to users. Okay, so let's get back to you. So, if you had an ad campaign that kind of failed over the last few months or has failed recently, and I've talked to a few artists where this has been the case, where four or five months ago things are going awesome and then their most recent campaigns have been terrible and we can't really see anything that has changed from campaign to campaign and so blame it on Andromeda. Now, if your ads have suffered, there's a chance that it's Andromeda. But to be honest, there's really no way to know for sure. And was first announced in December of 2024, and supposedly it's been rolled out over the course of the year. And so to just blame a campaign failure on Andromeda is kind of just like blaming a random bogeyman. It might be true, but also who knows? So I'm not sure it's super helpful. But here's what is helpful. More and more, it is all about making more good ads. Running a good meta ad campaign used to be about coming up with the perfect audience target and figuring out who is going to like your music, really dialing in that target, and then telling Meta to send your ad to those people. Now, more and more running a good meta ads campaign is about coming up with really good ads that really represent your music. It's kind of funny because a lot of meta advertisers don't like this change. I was reading a Reddit thread and the conversation was like, I used to feel like I was a capable engineer and now it's moving toward this sphere of creativity where I have to come up with all these ad concepts. Now I have to be like an artist. And it made me kind of chuckle because I do advertising for artists and I'm like, well, this is probably good for all of us. And I think that is one of the encouraging takeaways. If you can really lean into the artistry and the creativity of putting together good ads that reflect your songs and speak to an audience that would be interested in your work, then you can really do well as an artist. You don't have to know the technical stuff as much anymore, but you do have to be creative. So, practically, what can you do? Well, one of Meta's big buzzwords is creative diversification. And that really means two things. Number one, it means trying more ads, but also it means trying more ad topics. So rather than just uploading like 10 variants of pretty much the same ad where it's like the same video and a slightly slightly different text like you change one sentence or you know you get the idea. It is instead doing maybe five to 10 different concepts of the song. So maybe one concept is similar artists of the song. Maybe another concept is this song is for you if you feel this way. Maybe another concept is I was thinking of this place when I wrote this song. You get the idea. coming up with all these different concepts and then seeing which of the concepts best resonates with an audience and performs best in meta. Again, Meta has all sorts of documentation on creative diversification, but the idea is you're creating more ads, more concepts. Is this more work? Yeah, kind of. But also, it's like artist work versus engineer work. So, it's kind of fun if you can get into it. Honestly, I wouldn't worry too much about algorithms and buzzwords like Meta Andromeda and really trying to stay on top of all the technical ins and outs of advertising. What I would worry about is making ads that really represent your music well. That's the key to running a good ad campaign. That's always been the key to good advertising. And these changes are just pushing you more and more in that direction, which I think overall is a good thing. So, don't worry about the buzz if your campaigns aren't performing. It is not proof that meta doesn't work anymore. I'm running plenty of campaigns that are still killing it. It's not easy, but it is worth pushing into good creative and spending time on that. If you want help with that, I'll link below. I have five ad templates that walk through five different concepts you can use in your own ads. I've used these templates for a bunch of clients, dozens of clients to drive millions of streams and they're proven to work in a lot of different genres. So, I will put that in the link below to help you with your creative diversification. But, as always, if you're running ads, good luck. If you're not running ads, more power to you. Wishing you good luck as you make and market your music. Andromeda or not, you got this. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @johndoe_1984 [3 likes]: What's your take on the AI slop apocalypse making the ads competition even harder nowadays?
  2. @pianoscapesbynathanseiler2235 [1 likes]: Thanks for the insights. Appreciated!
  3. @hyrumstephens2002 [1 likes]: great video thanks !
  4. @twostorymediamusic [1 likes]: 👉 Here are 5 ad templates that've driven millions of streams: https://tinyurl.com/32xk6svn
  5. @FishandFindWorship: I haven't run any ads at all yet.   How do I get Meta to understand that my ads are for my audience ( Christian Listeners )?   I don't want ad going to wrong audience.  Thanks
  6. @HaddonMusic: I’ve noticed that the best ads are the ones the perform well organically too, so I think you’re right that it’s good to lean into the creativity. But at the same time that kinda sucks because the whole reason most people do ads is because they don’t want to be content creators.
  7. @itsalex030: Before this update I had 250 Playlist Adds and Saves with only 455 Website Conversions (0,55€) now.. I have an even better creative with 0,24€.. I have almost 700 Website Conversions but only 70 Playlist adds and Saves.. it’s really horrible. It seems like the ad reaches the wrong people. I have days without a single interaction on my track. So I have a good creative but something is messed up behind the scenes.. It started so well, I had like 15-20 Saves a day but suddenly everything declined.. the creative got cheaper but the results worse
  8. @GilbertLeeMusic: Great video. I FINALLY triggered Spotify to give me those elusive Discover Weekly streams (was seriously beginning to think they were a YouTube guru myth) by doing exactly what you describe with creative diversification. Definitely requires patience; it took about a week for one of the ads to settle down into the .20 per click range, but from there, it worked extremely well for over a month.
  9. @Korosareta: Doesn't seem to be affecting me. Still getting playlist followers for about $0.30
  10. @hyrumstephens2002: i had two campaigns do well recently. they were more creative and i’m happy about that

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @amyl7072: Talk to fast. Please slow down
  5. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  6. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  7. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  8. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  9. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  10. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  11. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  12. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  13. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  14. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  15. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  16. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  17. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  18. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  19. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  20. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- How To Run Facebook Ads For Beginners (2026 START UP GUIDE): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, you'll learn everything you need to know to run profitable Facebook ads for your drop shipping or e-commerce brand in 2026. So, if you've never run an ad before, the setup looks too overwhelming, or maybe you're worried about losing a bunch of money, then you're in luck and you're in the right place. Since 2021, I have generated over $7 million in revenue through Facebook or Meta Ads. And once you understand how simple they really are, you'll have wished that you started years ago. So today, I'll break down the whole setup process into four simple steps that anyone can follow. And by the end of this video, you'll be able to confidently launch your first Facebook ad campaign and finally start making that online money. Okay, so step one of this whole process is setting up your business manager. And don't worry, it's a quick process, so just follow along. First, you want to go to this website and log in with your Facebook account. And real quick, if for some reason you don't have an ecom store ready to sell yet, I got you. In the description, you'll also find a link to my free AI store builder that will build you a readyto-ell Shopify store loaded with winning products in just 5 minutes. So, as it says right here, the Meta Business Suite basically manages all your business activity across Facebook, Messenger, and Instagram. And once you get started with creating an account, then all you have to do is set up a Facebook page and that's how you can get access to the actual ads manager itself. So go ahead and click get started. Now once you put in a few basic fields of information, you'll get taken to the meta business suite that looks like this. Now the ads manager tab is right here, which is what we're going to dive into in a second. But to make sure you guys are prepared, I want to make sure that you have a Facebook page already set up and ready to go. If you don't know how to do this, it's super easy. When you're on Facebook itself, all you have to do is go over here to the left hand side where it says see more. Go to pages and then go ahead and click create page. Now, I've already created this page at the top here. That's just my name. And so, going back over to the Meta Business Suite. From there, all I have to do is click on ads manager. It's going to prompt you to set up your first ad account with a few basic fields of information. Just follow the process and you'll end up into a page that looks like this. This is where all your ad campaigns are going to be. On the lefth hand side, you have an account overview. You have some settings. You can set up some audiences and do a bunch of other stuff that comes later down the line. But for now, since we're just trying to set up our first ad campaign ever, all we have to do is go up here to the top left corner and hit this big green button that says create. Since I already have the ad account set up, I don't need to do this. But if you're setting up a brand new account, go to settings and make sure you fill out your business's information. It just requires your address and some other identification things to make sure you're a real person. Now, when you get to this page, things start to maybe look a little bit complicated, but don't worry because it's actually super simple and it's never been easier. So, since you have an e-commerce brand or a drop shipping store, just go down to the bottom where it says sales because that's your objective. You're looking for purchases and conversions. Go ahead and hit the blue button here that says continue. And then it's going to take you into your very first campaign. So, on the lefth hand side, we have the three different levels of the campaign. Right now, we're inside of the campaign level, which is the one at the very top. So, this is where you name the entire campaign that's going to run all of your ads. I'll just go ahead and call it test campaign. Now, you can keep these settings the same. And scrolling down a little bit, you're going to reach the budget category. So, I'd recommend spending at least $25 to $30 a day at the bare minimum. You can come out the gate with $50 or $100 or however much the account will let you. And it seems to be different every time based on a number of factors. But for me, I've never used this specific ad account before. And so the maximum daily spend is $43. So that's what I'll set it to. The reason why you wouldn't want to go under $20 is because at that point, you're basically just delaying the time that it takes for you to get enough data to see if your ads are doing well. Now, I'll explain a little bit more on that later when we're talking about reading the metrics of the campaign. But for now, the next thing that you want to do is head over to the next level of your campaign here, which is called the ad set. So, the ad set is basically a group or a collection of different ads that are going to be housed underneath it, which we'll get to in just a moment. So, for this one, I'll just call it ad set one. And you can really use whatever naming strategy you like to keep things clean and organized. Now, down here, it's going to say conversion location. We want to keep this on website, maximize number of conversions. And this is where you're going to be setting up your pixel. So your Facebook pixel is basically just a little snippet of code that gets installed on your website and it tracks all the different events that people will take on your website. An event is basically an action. So let's say an add to cart begin checkout process of course a purchase. And the reason why you want the pixel to be gathering all of this data is so it can get better and better at finding out who are the types of people who are most likely to take actions on my website and eventually make a purchase. So over time, the Facebook algorithm can get better and better at sniping out the customers that are right for you. Now, if you don't know how to set up your pixel, it's super simple. If you head over to your Shopify store and type in the search bar, Facebook, you're going to see Facebook and Instagram. Go ahead and click on that. It'll show up in the lefth hand side of your menu. And then all you have to do is go to settings, follow a couple of quick fields that are going to pop up, and then it's going to automatically install that code on the website for you. So, navigating back over to the ads manager, as far as the conversion event goes, same thing. You just want to select purchase here. And then go ahead and click setup conversion event. And what this is going to do is it's going to make sure that your pixel is indeed firing correctly and it will be tracking all of the purchases so they'll show up inside of your ad campaigns. Now, scrolling down, this is a key section. This is the budget and schedule section. And so, basically what you want to do here is you want to set your campaign to begin at midnight. And the reason why you want to do that is so the budget gets distributed effectively throughout the entire day. Like, it's pretty late. It's 9:30 p.m. for me right now. So, if I were to just launch the ads right this second, Facebook might try to do some weird stuff on me. It might try to spend all my budget within the next couple hours here and it might not reach my customers in the most efficient way, and you might end up wasting money. So, always set it up for midnight the next day. Now, scrolling down to the audience tab. This is where you can start to get specific and you can pick out who you want the ads to go to. Now, in theory, that sounds really good. 6 years ago, I would use this tab a lot. I'd be testing all different kinds of interests. But today, the Facebook algorithm is so good. It's collected so much data over its two billion users over the past two decades. And so, it's just going to be a lot better at finding people than you are. Even if you think you know exactly who's going to buy the product and you start getting hyper specific, you're maybe missing out on a whole different type of people who might be buying your product for a different reason. Like, let's say you're selling a baby product, right? and you think that the only people buying a baby product are going to be moms. Well, that might not be the case because people might be buying moms baby products as a gift. And so, Facebook is going to do its best job to find these different customer avatars or different people from different groups that would be purchasing your product. The only thing you really want to control here is the locations. And you want to set it to whatever markets you're able to ship to or however you run your business. For me, it's mostly just US and Canada. Facebook also has this feature that's relatively new called advantage plus. I recommend keeping it on. It's basically just saying that it's going to improve the performance over time with AI. And we'll get a little bit more into that when we reach the ad section, but it's going to allow the algorithm to have the freedom to serve up the right ad to the right person that it makes the most sense to go to, if that makes sense. Okay, so scrolling down a little bit, everything else we can pretty much leave as is. And now let's head over to the ad section. So this is the actual ad itself. I'll go ahead and turn on the ad preview on the side here so you can see how it looks. As far as the identity section goes, you want to make sure you have your Facebook page that you created connected. You have maybe an Instagram account connected if you plan on placing the ads on Instagram, too, which I'd recommend. So, maybe set up a quick Instagram for your brand if you don't have one already. And then same thing with Threads profile, although that happens automatically when you have an Instagram account, as it did for me here, too. All right, so now scrolling down to destination. This is actually really important, more important than people realize because most beginners or people who are running ads for the first time, they end up putting their homepage or their website URL here because it says website URL. You're probably scratching your head thinking, "Well, yeah, that's where I want to send people. What's wrong with that?" Well, there's nothing wrong with it, but you actually want to send people to the landing page, so the actual shopping page on your website instead of the homepage. And the reason for that is because you want to remove as much friction in the buying process as possible. If you send people to the website, maybe they'll get confused. Maybe they'll end up scrolling around and not actually buying the product. People have shorter attention spans than ever nowadays. And if they're interested in your ad, you want them to buy as quickly as possible. That's the whole essence of drop shipping. So, it's especially important if you're drop shipping. So, put the landing page to your product here and nothing else. Now, you can start to see things popping up on the right hand side here. you're going to get a little preview of how your ad's going to be looking at in all the different placements such as Instagram stories and Facebook feeds. So down here under ad creative is where you're now importing the video or images that you created. So if you click on image ad and you click next, this is where you can easily go ahead and upload the images of your product and it's going to show you how it's going to look across different ad placements. You're also going to get an option right here as well to give the primary text, the headline, and the description. It says one of five because you can add five different primary texts. And again, with Advantage Plus and Facebook's AI, it's automatically going to serve the text that it thinks will do best with the customer to the right customer. So, let's just go ahead and write buy 1 get one 50% off, buy 1 get one free, special Valentine's Day sale, and then headline the best deal of the century. Shop now. And then instead of learn more, you typically want to go and look for the shop now button. Click next. It's going to allow you to do some enhancements or improve your ads with some small features. And then you go ahead and click done. And just like that, you can now see that the ads are loaded up and it's going to show you how it looks across all the different placements. If you want to get more technical, if you want to start customizing these placements and making small changes, you can do so here. And I do encourage you to spend a little bit of time, much more than I did, thinking about what the text, the headline, and the description will actually be and then taking a look at how it will look. Now, the Advantage Plus campaign is going to go ahead and also give you some recommendations on how to improve your campaign as well. And the crazy part is just like that, you literally set up your very first ad campaign ever. And all you have to do is hit this little green button down here that says publish. And once it's published, it's going to look something like this. Remember, it's not going to start until midnight. and you're not going to get any data coming in yet. But when you check back in 24 hours, that's when things will start to get interesting and you can start to read the data. Now, as far as reading the data goes, what you can do is you can customize these columns at the top. So, you can see all different kind of metrics about how your ads are performing. If you click on here where it says columns, all you have to do is click customize columns. Then you can start to add the most key metrics that you're looking for right here. And then go ahead and click apply. But if you have no clue what you're looking for when it comes to should I scale or should I kill my ad campaign, then listen carefully. Cost per acquisition or your CPA is king. The first thing that you need to do is you need to determine how much you can spend on your ads to profitably acquire a new customer. And to do that, the formula is quite simple. So to find your break even CPA, you take the average order value on your store and you multiply that by the gross margin. So, let's say that every time a customer buys from your store, on average, you get $60 in revenue. And let's say that your gross margin is 60%. So, basically, 40% of that $60 you have to spend on fulfilling the product. Then, all you have to do is take the $60, multiply it by 60%, and you find out that your break even CPA is $36. Now, the rule of thumb here is if your CPA is below break even, so you're profitable, then you want to scale carefully. If your CPA is 10 to 20% above break even, so maybe it's costing you $40 to get a purchase, then you're in the optimization window. If your CPA is way above break even and you're just not acquiring customers or customers are costing you hundreds of dollars in spend, then kill the campaign. Another key metric you should be looking at is the 3second view rate. So generally on Facebook, you want to look for 30% or more. That's quite strong and it shows you that people are really engaging with your ads and the content you've created is interesting. If it's 20 to 30% workable, but it could probably use some more optimization or changes. And if it's below 20%, that's a good indication that it's a bad ad. Next, you have CTR or click-through rate. So, this is the percentage of people that see your ad and then decide to click on it and go to your website. Generally, looking at 1.5% and above is quite healthy. If you're below that or under 1%, then you should definitely optimize or start making new ads. It's likely that you have a bad angle or a weak offer. Another metric to keep in mind is your CPC or your cost per click. So, if the CTR is high, meaning that tons of people are clicking on your ad, but the cost per click is also high, then maybe it's a targeting mismatch and your ads are just going to the wrong people or you're in a super competitive market and you should probably switch the marketing angle and try to find a new customer avatar. If the CTR is very low and the CPC is also high, then that just tells you it's a bad creative and it's costing you a ton of money to drive any kind of clicks. Now, I could go on and on about all the different metrics that you could read, but remember, CPA is king, and you want to make sure your creative is good by looking at the 3-se secondond view rate as well as the CTR and how the CTR compares with the CPC. I hope you're still with me. I know if it's your first time hearing this stuff, probably doesn't even sound like English, but really, this is all you need to know, and it is a lot simpler than people make it out to be. Just start running your first ads, and you'll figure things out along the way. Now, for the last step of this whole process, you need to make sure you know how to avoid getting your ad account banned or restricted. Because let me tell you from experience, nothing sucks more than waking up one morning and seeing zero dollars on your dashboard because your ad account got shut down overnight. But before we jump into that, if you're someone who wants step-by-step mentorship and guidance, someone over the shoulder there with you in the ad account on your store helping you optimize and reach success, then I'm so excited to present to you my new partnership with AutoDS. And no, this is not just some 24-year-old guru on the internet trying to sell you on a course. This is the biggest and best drop shipping platform in the world with over 200 employees who has already revolutionized the game and now they're entering the coaching space and opening up the biggest mentorship for drop shipping in the entire world. I'm so lucky and so excited to be a part of it and able to promote it. So, if you want more information, I'll leave that link down below in the description. Now, back to not getting banned. So, it all comes down to three simple steps I want you to follow. First, as I mentioned in the beginning, make sure all of your business information is set up correctly in the meta business suite and on your ads manager because Facebook is really picky about making sure you're a real person, you're not a bot and things like that. So, the last thing that you want to do is piss them off by putting in some incorrect information or not filling it out at all. Second thing you want to do is keep your creative safe. you know, read the terms and policies if you absolutely must, but generally no sexualized content, no weaponry, no explosive, no drugs, just no crazy You know the drill. And third, don't go from spending, you know, $20 a day on your ad account all of a sudden to $300 the next day. No normal person is scaling like that, and Facebook actually doesn't like to see it either. They see you doing that, they might end up imposing further restrictions on your account, flagging it, and then looking into things deeper and at some point shutting you down. So, I just really wouldn't recommend scaling like a madman. And honestly, I wouldn't recommend doing it anyway. It's not the healthy way to scale up profitably. So, just like that, we covered everything you need to know to launch your very first Facebook ad campaign. If you want to see me putting this into practice live, I recently attempted a 7-day drop shipping challenge from scratch. Spoiler alert, it didn't go as planned, but I'll leave it on screen if you want to watch it here next. Anyways, thank you guys so much for watching. I really appreciate all the support. I can't wait to keep making great videos for you guys. And don't forget to leave me a like, subscribe to the channel, and I'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @macrocolonel [5 likes]: this video had that super smooth “easy to binge” energy where every scene actually felt connected 😭 clean pacing, satisfying editing and zero moments that felt random or dragged out
  2. @madsrasmussen4306 [3 likes]: Thank you, man, I really appreciate it! I genuinely found this video very helpful, and I'm so excited to start ads on my new company, where I have an ad spend of 2-3 thousand euro a month. I wanted to learn it myself instead of just having an ad agency, because I wanted to make sure that I could actually do it in case I ever went bankrupt.
  3. @DeVilleSunblock [2 likes]: Really helpful content, can't wait for the next video
  4. @Bigjyv794 [1 likes]: You are way too fast, you are not beginner friendly. You are jumping way too fast, which makes it very diificult to follow. You sound more like a robot.
  5. @jfenn1 [1 likes]: let’s say you’re running ads for a client, do you run them from your account or do you run them from their account. not sure if i’m making sense but appreciate any help, thanks.
  6. @OluwatimilehinSamuel-pl5fs [1 likes]: What if I don't want to use a website
  7. @LindaH-k1g: Thank you for the great video 😊

I do have a couple of follow-up questions though:

1. Would you not recommend creating two separate ad sets for warm and engaged customers and cold audiences? Or is it better to simply go with the suggested audience targeting?
F2. or a smaller company with a limited budget, would you recommend having one sales campaign per category, or rather one broader sales campaign containing multiple categories/ad sets?
  8. @delonshamon: Do you have one for YouTube?
  9. @WenboJia-r8b: Very helpful man, thank you very much!
  10. @_MCDUCK_: Reading Smart Broke Dumb Rich by Zor Veyl hit me hard. I finally understood my parents were not bad with money. They just never got the right information. The game was rigged before they even started.
  11. @PrasaadJadhavs-d7m: Brother whats ur take on the new AI platforms which genrally doing ads etc like kopa, zeely etc
  12. @wildlife-c4e: Love from Pakistan 🇵🇰 this is really awesome way you explained.
  13. @ssjgarfield: And you already lost me.
  14. @xmarsol: ... who starts telling new beginners to start running facebook ads with a a SALES campaign.... YOU failed most at start.. Your basically allowing them to burn their money... smh and YOU KNOW THIS
  15. @tzvetat4324: Thanks for the tutorial. I followed step by step, but when using the ADVANTAGE ON, facebook doesn't allow to add the 5 cards you mentioned in the video. Is this something NEW after your video?
  16. @heathersudbrock: Great stuff! Thank you!
  17. @haashimbassier: If I want to start running ads for other businesses, that means that I would have to log into their Facebook business manager ?
  18. @teezyjugg8185: Click Bait ‼️‼️
  19. @DiggingDoYahoo: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  20. @jennizersarmiento783: Hi, your video is great. How about cost per lead for a coaching service offering a free strategy call?
Also, how do we compute the cost per booked call?

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanrileyonline [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @screenboiler: Once you find the winners do you move them out of the prospecting campaign and into a scaling campaign?
  5. @screenboiler: Does this work for local home service businesses? Like home remodeling and bathroom/kitchen remodeling companies? Spending $100 a day
  6. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  7. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  8. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  9. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  10. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  11. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  12. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  13. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  14. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  15. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  16. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  17. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  18. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  19. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  20. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?

- Give me 58 sec and I'll teach you how to beat Meta's Andromeda update: Kind: captions Language: en Give me 58 seconds and I'll show you how to beat the Andromea update for your brand. Your winners aren't broken. The rules have changed. Andromeda punishes generic ads and rewards creative diversity and audience specificity. So, I scaled to 100k a day in ad spend while reducing my CAC by actually doing fewer creatives, not more. Counterintuitive, right? Here's how to beat it. Phase one, angle architecture. Pair a real person with a real problem. Use their own exact words. Be hyper specific with the problem. Think hormonal acne or acne in general as an example. Phase two is the awareness ladder. Use five awareness levels so the feed doesn't see the same pitch twice. Phase three, iteration variables. Keep the core message there, but lightly rotate the visuals, the voices, and creatives. And then add whitelisting on top. When we split audiences into micro segments and matched messaging, fatigues dropped, winners lived longer, and we scaled to $100,000 a day in ad spend. So adopt this spherical scaling system to double the ad spend in your brand

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattorlic: Learn how to build and scale an e-commerce brand to $100k/day: https://www.ecommarchitect.com
  2. @divyv20: Hey Matt, really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?

- Andromeda Update: The New Facebook Ads Strategy for Better Results in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en This is the new way to set up Facebook ads for the best results since the Andromeda update in 2025. If you still run Facebook ads with the old strategies, they no longer work. And if you still run ads without adhering to this Andromeda update, you'll probably be wasting money and be getting poor results. That's why you need to pay attention to this video. Calm down and watch from beginning to the end as I show you how to run adverts that are complying to this Andromeda update. In case you don't know, Andromeda is a new AI algorithm technology that Meta uses to rank your advert to know who to show your ads to. This AI is very, very smart and it prioritizes your creative quality to know who to show your ads to. Detail targeting no longer works. That's why this AI uses your creatives to understand who your art is for, who to target, who to show your ads to. Okay? So, this means that if your creatives are not clear, if they are confusing, this AI will be confused. you do not know who your target audience is and your ad will perform poorly. And if you're not using enough creatives, if you're not using enough ads, you might end up not getting the results because the AI will not know the exact people, the right people to show your ads to. This update entails that you use broad audience instead of detailed targeting. Okay? Use broad audience to give the AI enough flexibility, a larger pool to draw from. Do you get like I said you have to upload many creatives. You have to run ads with different creatives with different angles, different hooks, different formats, videos, flyers, infographics, different messaging, different ad copies. This will give the AI enough information to know who to match your ads to. Okay. The next thing you need to know about this Android media update is your campaign is supposed to be simplified. This is no longer the time you run ads with different adsets, nine adsets, six adset. So you simplify your campaign as simple as you can. You can use one adset different ads. One asset, five ads, six ads, nine ads, 10. Okay? Different creatives on this ad levels. Do you get? Also, you need huge budget to run your ads these days. This is no longer the time you run ads with $1 a day. You need huge budgets to get the best result. This is because since detail targeting no longer works, the AI uses creatives. So it needs time to understand your critics, understand the people to show your ads to like it needs time to even exit the learning phase to balance your advert and start delivering results. It could even take up to 7 days and it's budget you need to run this ads consistently till it exit the learning phase, understand your ads and start delivering. I hope you're following with this information I've shared already about the Android. Let's just continue with the setup. So I'm going to be selecting sales campaign. Continue. Let me name this campaign Android tutorial. Android sales. Okay, good. Scroll down. So, this is budget strategy. By now, you should know what budget strategy means. We have CBO, campaign budget optimization and adset budget. CBO simply means when you are letting the AI, the meta AI to allocate budget automatically by itself according to the best performing adset. Asset budget is when you are selecting the budget yourself at the respective adsets. Do you understand? So, I want to use campaign budget and 10,000 daily budget. Done. Scroll down. We're not going to be doing A or B test. And our advert is not under um special ads category. Go to the adset level. I'm going to be using one adset. So, no need rewriting this. Scroll down to conversion location. We're going to be using websites. Okay, next is the performance goal. So, maximize number of conversions is the best. Scroll down to data set. This is also known as pixel. When you come here, you select the pixel you have already created. If you don't know how to create pixel or data set, I have made a detailed video on it. The link is in the description. Go to the description right now. Click the link and watch how to create data set or pixel and install on your website. When you have created yours, you come here and select it and proceed with me. The next is conversion events. If you're working with a custom website, you have to create custom conversions. That's what you select here as conversion event. Okay, I have made a detailed video on it also. The link is in the description. So also watch and create your custom conversions and come here and select it as conversion event. So I'm going to be selecting um purchase. He's not active yet because it's been long since someone bought this product. So, scroll down. Budget and schedule. This is where we select the date to start the ads and the date to end it. Okay. So, this is 30th November and the time is 3:53 p.m. It's already late to publish this ad. So, I'm going to schedule it for tomorrow morning and that should be 1st December. Oh, wow. 1st December 4:00 a.m. Good. Scroll down. This is the audience section where we do our audience targeting. Remember I said that this Andromeda updates demands that you do broad targeting. So this is not the time you do interest targeting again behavior targeting target audience this and that. No, use broad targeting. You could use location here. If you want to target only Legosians, you select Lagos or select the state you want to target. Even if it's the whole of Nigeria, the whole of US, UK, Canada, select it. But then don't come and start doing detail targeting. It might work, but it will mostly not work. So this is Nigeria. I'm going to be selecting Anra. So this is Anra state. I'm not going to be targeting different cities in Anra because my product I can sell it to anybody anywhere in Anra. So that's all I'm going to scroll down. Come to this suggest add suggestions. Okay, scroll down. See the add suggestions I clicked. You can see the age range. So I'm going to select to 50. Gender I want both male and female. Detail targeting. I'm not going to be touching it. That's what the Andromeda demands that we do these days. Scroll down. This is placement. I can choose to edit my placement. Use manual placement or use advantage plus. Let me show you manual placements. So these all devices I'm targeting Nigerians. So, I should remove this um desktop. If it was first world countries here, I'll leave the desktop on. So, scroll down. You're going to see plat platforms. I don't want my ads to show on threads audience network. Scroll down. That's all we'll be doing here. Over to the ad level. So when we get to the ad level, we use different ads with different creatives, different angles, different copies, different videos, flyers, everything different, different different messaging, even hooks. Okay, just scroll down and set it up. I want to use this page. Um, I think the Instagram is not connected. Okay. Yeah, the Instagram is not connected, but we can manage it. Scroll down the ad setup. I want to use existing post. So, um, scroll down. This is where I'm supposed to put my link link to my website. Scroll down and this is the place to select post. The first one is this. You can see the post right here. So scroll down and select the call to action button. I want to use shop now. And then this is the website URL. Update post. So the post has updated. Have you seen? We scroll down. There's nothing else to do here. The pixel is active. Everything is okay. So we can now come here and duplicate. If I want to use five ads, I'll come and duplicate and add four here. Okay, add four. If I want to use three, I'll come and add two since I already have one. Do you understand? So for this video, I'm going to be using three, just three access. So that means I'll be using two here. Now these ads according to the Android media you can use up to five ads, 10 ads, seven ads with different different angles, different different copies, different creatives, you know, different messaging. But for the sake of this tutorial, I'm going to be using three. Click duplicate. This is the second one. I'm going to click and edit. Add two. Scroll down. Every other thing is okay. Every other thing is correct. Scroll down. This is where I'll change my post. Okay. See the first one I use, although they are the same flyers, but you can see they have different copies. The first one is saying, "Facebook is a valuable digital skill that can generate income." This second one is saying, "Dear business owner, save more by running your ads yourself." This third one is saying, are you a content creator, business owner or digital marketer? So, I'm just showing you how to do this, okay? In your own ads, please use different creatives, use videos, use flyers, use infographics, the as much as you can, different copies. That's what the Android media demands that we do. So, let me select the second one for the second ad. I have selected it. So, I'm going to come here and change the call to action again to shop now. And then I'll paste the website URL update. Scroll down. There is nothing else to do here. So, this is the third ad. Scroll down. Come here again and change the post and select the third one. Are you a content creator? Continue. Scroll down to the change call action button and select shop now. Then paste the link. Good. We are done. You can add more creatives. You can duplicate more. and add different angles. Okay, that's what the andrometer needs. Now, we are done with the setup. So, this is the major information you need to know about the Andromeda updates. Please don't use detail targeting again. Don't use numerous adsets again. Work on creatives. Your creative should target your your target audience. You should speak to them directly and use different creatives with different angles, different hooks, different messaging. This will help the AI to easily find your target audience and give you the best results and improve your ad budget. Give your art time to exit the learning phase balance well and start delivering results. If you found this video helpful, like it and subscribe to this YouTube channel for more helpful videos on Facebook and Instagram adverts. Also, if you want someone to teach you how to run Facebook ads from scratch, how to run profitable, high converting Facebook and Instagram adverts, whether through personal coaching sessions or group coaching session, message me ASAP via the link in the comments. I will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AdXperte [6 likes]: For personal coaching or group coaching on how to run profitable Facebook and Instagram ads, and make money running ads for business brands

Send a message on WhatsApp
https://wa.link/wufewr
  2. @seerdan1 [2 likes]: If we are not to use ad set, but we want the same ad to run to different locations instead stacking different locations on one ad set, what the best way to go about it?

I think you could say, we should use different ad set if we want to target different locations, cause ad set contains the location setting
  3. @Ahmodfolorunsho [1 likes]: Details still work for me ooo 
Although, the target is not just random interest targets and this ai targeting can be slow at the beginning for new accounts but with time sha , it will also okay
  4. @etoekene1766 [1 likes]: Pls can we use only one..
  5. @iamdoctorcat6347 [1 likes]: Can you please make video for app promotion and let me know when you post it
  6. @IbewuikeVivian [1 likes]: Thank so much for sharing this
  7. @AbdullahiTajudeenIsola [1 likes]: Thanks for this masterclass. I've heard about Andromeda but didn't know what how to go about it. I noticed a lower result in my recent campaign using detailed targeting. 

I'm surely trying this update asap!
  8. @favouritemiaAivideo: Wow tnx so much I just created video now 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  9. @goldenmistysempire: Thanks for this detailed video❤ Is it posible to run ads to Selar without adding the pixel?
  10. @Wear_n_smile_ng: Thank you o 

Please I did the andromeda set up using traffic objectives I used three creative using my desktop…but after publishing I check my ads manager app on phone to see d ads but I saw only one ads creative what could be the problem
  11. @msjessa_digitals: thanks for sharing. ndew subscriber from philippines
  12. @dinatudanladi1167: Hi. Please can you help me set up my ads account? I did it myself but there conversion was poor. Thank you
  13. @HopeChannel247: Hi adxperte, thank you for this helpful content. How much do you think it's healthy to start a campaign with? Is 5k or 10k good? thank you.
  14. @elizzabethjejelowo4020: Thank you sis ❤
  15. @coinTENT: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
  16. @chibugomaryjaneumealachedo7862: Thank you 💕
  17. @onyechereuwaoma4063: I want to learn this professionally
  18. @TizerMedia: Straiforward explanation. 👍🏼
  19. @RedAttar-w6f: Hello please does this mean we’d be spending 10k in 3 places since we are picking 3 different creatives?
  20. @omoliscious: Please how can I reach you?

- A Plan Is Not a Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en ROGER MARTIN: This thing called planning has been around for a long, long time. People would plan out the activities they're going to engage in. More recently, has been a discipline called strategy. People have put those two things together to call something strategic planning. Unfortunately, those things are not the same, strategy and planning. So just putting them together and calling it strategic planning doesn't help. What most strategic planning is in the world of business has nothing to do with strategy. It's got the word, but it's not. It's a set of activities that the company says it's going to do. We're going to improve customer experience. We're going to open this new plant. We're going to start a new talent development program. A whole list of them, and they all sound good, but the results of all of those are not going to make the company happy because they didn't have a strategy. [MUSIC PLAYING] So what's a strategy? A strategy is an integrative set of choices that positions you on a playing field of your choice in a way that you win. So there's a theory. Strategy has a theory. Here's why we should be on this playing field, not this other one, and here's how, on that playing field, we're going to be better than anybody else at serving the customers on that playing field. That theory has to be coherent. It has to be doable. You have to be able to translate that into actions for it to be a great strategy. Planning does not have to have any such coherence, and it typically is what people in manufacturing want-- the few things they want, to build a new plant, and the marketing people want to launch a new brand, and the talent people want to hire more people-- that tends to be a list that has no internal coherence to it and no specification of a way that that is going to accomplish collectively some goal for the company. See, planning is quite comforting. Plans typically have to do with the resources you're going to spend. So we're going to build a plan. We're going to hire some people. We're going to launch a new product. Those are all things that are on the cost side of businesses. Who controls your costs? Who's the customer of your costs? The answer is, you are. You decide how many square feet to lease, how many raw materials to buy, how many people to hire. Those are more comfortable because you control them. A strategy, on the other hand, specifies an outcome, a competitive outcome that you wish to achieve, which involves customers wanting your product or service enough that they will buy enough of it to make the profitability that you'd like to make. The tricky thing about that is that you don't control them. You might wish you could, but you can't. They decide, not you. That's a harder trick. So that means putting yourself out and saying, here's what we believe will happen. We can't prove it in advance, we can't guarantee it, but this is what we want to have happen and that we believe will happen. It's much easier to say, I'll build a factory, I will hire more people, et cetera, than I will have customers end up liking our offering more than those of competitors. The tricky thing about planning is that while you're planning, chances are at least one competitor is figuring out how to win. When US air carriers were busily planning what routes to fly and da-da-da, there was this little company in Texas called Southwest that had a strategy for winning. And at first, that looked largely irrelevant because it was tiny. What Southwest Airlines was aiming for was an outcome. What they wanted to be is a substitute for Greyhound, a way more convenient way to get around at a price that wasn't extraordinarily much greater than a Greyhound bus. Southwest said, everybody else is flying hub and spoke. They have hubs, and they fly hub and spoke. We're going to fly point to point so that we don't have aircraft waiting on the ground because you only make money when you're in the air. We're going to only fly 737s, one kind of aircraft, so that our gates are set up for those, our systems are set up for those, our training, our simulations are set up. We're not going to offer meals on the flights because we're going to specialize in short flights. We're not going to book through travel agents. We're going to encourage people to book online because that's less expensive for everybody and more convenient. So their strategy ended up having a substantially lower cost than any of the major carriers so that they could offer substantially lower prices. Because it had a way of winning, it got bigger and then bigger and then bigger and then bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger until it flies the most passenger seat miles in America. The major carriers were not trying to win against one another. They were all playing to play, as I say. They were playing to participate, maybe buy more planes, get more gates, maybe grow some, not having a theory of here's how we could be better than our competitors. And that was fine until somebody came along and said, here's a way to be better than everybody else for this segment. And so that segment then goes. It's gone [FAST-MOVING SOUND]. And the main playing to play players have to share a smaller pie that's left over after Southwest takes whatever share it wants. If you're trying to escape this planning trap, this comfort trap of doing something that's comfortable but not good for you, how do you start? The most important thing to recognize is that strategy will have angst associated with it. It'll make you feel somewhat nervous because as a manager, chances are you've been taught you should do things that you can prove in advance. You can't prove in advance that your strategy will succeed. You can look at a plan and say, well, all of these things are doable. Let's just do those because they're within our control. But they won't add up to much. In strategy, you have to say, if our theory is right about what we can do and how the market will react, this will position us in an excellent way. Just accept the fact that you can't be perfect on that, and you can't know for sure. And that is not being a bad manager. That is being a great leader because you're giving your organization the chance to do something great. The second thing I do is say, lay out the logic of your strategy clearly. What would have to be true about ourselves, about the industry, about competition, about customers for this strategy to work? Why do you do that? It's because you can then watch the world unfold. And if something that you say is in the logic that would have to be true for this to work is not working out quite the way you hoped, it'll allow you to tweak your strategy. And strategy is a journey, what you want to have as a mechanism for tweaking it, honing it, and refining it so it gets better and better as you go along. Another thing that helps with strategy is not letting it get overcomplicated. It's great if you can write your strategy on a single page. Here's where we're choosing to play. Here's how we're choosing to win. Here are the capabilities we need to have in place. Here are the management systems. And that's why it's going to achieve this goal, this aspiration that we have. Then you lay out the logic, what must be true for that all to work out the way we hope. Go do it, and watch and tweak as you go along. That may feel somewhat more worry-making, angst-making than planning, but I would tell you that if you plan, that's a way to guarantee losing. If you do strategy, it gives you the best possible chance of winning.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PannuMolla-i2y: This was very informative, appreciate it.
  2. @raffaelesuppa4255: ' eggs aren't poultry ' ......  coherent conclusion ( or trick, if you prefer ).
  3. @VickyDay-ux7nd: I learned many of this hard way , but you assured my understanding and learning is right. Great Video.
  4. @HarmonyOrn-g7x: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  5. @vivianaleonhappycranberries: But an action plan, yes, is a strategy!!
  6. @shreya_kulshreshtha: Very nice video, clean explanation and easy to understand 👌
  7. @joesphinepewu9979: Amazing content as always!
  8. @ekukulerut: "STRATEGY" DEFINITELY CAME WITH CAPITALISM - FOR WITHOUT NEED TO CHASE MORE PROFIT, A PLAN WOULD SUFFICE.
  9. @AmoraThomas-u6u: You explained this so well, thank you!
  10. @isokenosawaru938: To my understanding strategy creates room for planning, when you have a strategy you plan effectively.
  11. @ZainabIbrahim-q9b: Great job, this video was very useful!
  12. @ArlindBakuj: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  13. @theworldclasstraders: hypothesis on how to achieve something with underlying assumptions = strategy
  14. @ElhadjDiakhaté-y4k: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  15. @FarukHossain-b7q3j: Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
  16. @HamzaUmar-i1i: Loved the content, keep it coming!
  17. @MohamedHessen-x5h: Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
  18. @AbanaMohammed: You explained this so well, thank you!
  19. @rayrayjnr5724: a lie isnt a life
  20. @K.R.I.P.A.C: Yes it is . Strategy is a plan to make the value

- Long-Term Planning Is Keeping You Stuck, DO THIS Instead.: Kind: captions Language: en What if thinking long term actually dramatically increases the likelihood that you will quit? If you're ambitious but find yourself sometimes being lazy, the solution involves creating pockets of complete certainty in your life over the short term so that you can execute over the long term. When you start to work and live like this, your ability to access flow state and move with speed, conviction, and momentum goes through the roof. I'm Randar, founder and CEO of flowstate.com. We've trained everyone from Audi, Assenture, and the US Air Force to use neuroscience-based principles to access flow states at will. It was 1:00 a.m. on a Tuesday. I was sitting in bed, hunched over my phone, dumping prompts into chat GPT. I was trying to design the perfect [music] 10-year business plan. I'd been chasing that for 6 months at this point. And during this 6 months, my performance had been weak. At the core, I was trying to eliminate long-term uncertainty before allowing myself to move forward in the present with conviction. I told myself I was being strategic, but I was actually paralyzed. [music] Now, psychologists have a name for what was happening to me. They call it ambiguity intolerance. It's the inability to operate effectively without complete certainty about the future. During this period where I was plagued with ambiguity, intolerance, I was blocked from getting into flow state. Flow is that state where you're completely absorbed in your work. Time disappears. You're operating at your absolute peak. But flow can only occur when your attention is driven into the now. And if you're too future oriented, you can't get into flow. It's mechanical. Your brain operates on two primary systems described in reinforcement sensitivity theory, which was pioneered by a researcher called Jeffrey Gray. The first is the behavioral action system, the dopamine-driven go system. It initiates action. It pursues goals. Flow lives downstream from this system. The second is the behavioral inhibition system rooted in the hippocampus and its job [music] is to detect ambiguity. When the future feels unclear, the behavioral inhibition system applies [music] a break inhibiting action so the brain can pause and scan the uncertain environment for potential threats and risks. When you try to execute without certainty, you press the gas with the action system while the brain simultaneously applies the brakes with the inhibition system. Flow becomes hard to access because momentum is mechanically restricted. The brakes stay on and flow stays blocked. You need a way to satisfy the brain's need for certainty without lying to yourself about what's actually predictable. Now, the morning after that late night planning session and chatbt, I had a call with one of my mentors, Jonathan Kronstead. I laid out this whole problem to him. He said, "I've never been certain past 6 months, but I've been certain about the next 6 months for the last 20 years straight. It's not about having certainty over what's going to happen across the long-term future. It's about having short-term certainty consistently over the long term. Think of it like driving cross country at night. You can't see the entire route from California to New York, but you can see the next 200 feet illuminated by your headlights. You just need to see the next stretch clearly, then the next, then [music] the next. Now, this is how you solve ambiguity and tolerance. Not by achieving certainty about an unknowable future, but by shrinking your time horizon. What we want is a defined period where we go all in because we have total clarity about this specific window of time. [music] I call these blocks of time certainty windows. A certainty window is a defined bounded period, typically 6 to 18 months. During these certainty windows, your blinders go on. You don't worry about anything past that period. So, let's dive into how to build out these certainty windows for yourself. Now, I've put together a complete guide book covering everything in this video. It's free. The download link is below. You can grab it now so you can reference this as we walk through the next steps. So, the first step is to set your certainty window. Start by pulling back your timeline to the point where you have 100% certainty. >> [music] >> Begin with your current planning horizon. For most entrepreneurs, that's somewhere between five and 10 years out. And then ask yourself, can I say with genuine conviction that this is the right direction for this entire period? Usually, the answer is going to be no. What you want to do then is pull the timeline in further to 3 years and see if you have complete certainty. The answer will probably still be no. Do you have complete certainty over what the next 18 months look like? Now, maybe at this point, you get a yes. If you don't, you keep pulling it in until you reach a point where you can honestly say, "Yes, across this time duration, I know exactly what my direction is." The point isn't a specific duration. It's finding the window where you have genuine certainty over your direction. Quick side point. Sometimes uncertainty actually has a single source. Back in college, I remember sitting in the library during my second year, completely paralyzed by this same issue. Should I drop out? Should I start an online business? Should I transfer schools? I thought I was uncertain about everything. But when I actually mapped out all the questions, I realized they were actually all flowing from one source. I didn't know if finishing college was the right move or not. I call this single source of uncertainty your uncertainty epicenter. You can think of it like a [music] tangled ball of rope. Most people try to untangle every strand simultaneously. But sometimes there's one central knot. And if you pull that strand, the whole thing comes undone. So once I identified that and committed [music] with certainty to finishing college, ambiguity tolerance evaporated. every other decision became clear. So here's how to find your uncertainty epicenter if you have one. List out every major source of uncertainty in your work and life right now. Are multiple uncertainties branching out from one central question? Now here's what's critical. Not everyone has an uncertainty epicenter. Sometimes uncertainty is actually distributed across multiple unrelated questions. So if you can't find one central question, just continue defining your certainty window based on the dimensions that matter most. Step two is to commit to your window. This means no doubting, no change in the plan. You nail this window to the maximum degree possible. Whatever the duration of your certainty window is, you operate with complete conviction. You ask one question. Does this serve my current certainty window? If yes, you pursue it. If no, you set it aside. And when doubt creeps in about whether this is the right long-term path, you remind yourself, I'm not certain about the long term. I'm certain about nailing this window. Potential pivots, not during this window. Questions about our 5-year strategy? We'll figure that out once we know we're at an in 18 months and we can see more clearly. That complete commitment is what quiets the constant rumination. And then the third step is to reassess at the end of your certainty window. You take stock and you redetermine what your next certainty window looks like. Whatever it is, you repeat the process, locking in a certainty window for the next certain chunk of time and then burrowing your head back in with blinders on and repeating this process certainty window after certainty window. Now, I want to make sure you don't confuse vision with plan. You can, and I would encourage you to have a long-term vision. But a vision is light on detail. It's flexible. A plan, it's inflexible. It requires commitment to specifics. Committing to specifics, you can't actually predict creates the paralysis and ambiguity intolerance that we're talking about, which blocks flow. So, you want to lean on vision for the long term, and you want to plan only for the short term within your certainty windows. Vision asks, what direction am I moving? While a plan asks, what specific actions do I need to take? Most successful entrepreneurs have learned to tolerate long-term ambiguity. They shrink their time horizons to where they have genuine conviction. They commit fully within that window. The alternative is that you end up like me at 1:00 a.m. trying to eradicate an uncertainty that couldn't be eradicated. Now, once I created that 18mon certainty window, I stopped trying to resolve long-term uncertainty. My energy came back. Stalled projects moved forward. Decisions became clear. Not because I had more clarity about 2030, but because I had complete clarity about the next 18 months. When I hit the end of that window, I just did it again. That's been my process for five years. Window after window. You don't need to figure out the next decade. You just need your next certainty [music] window and executing with full force within that. Now, if you want the complete system for accessing flow on demand, I built a 30-day protocol specifically for entrepreneurs. It's free. The link is in the description. You can click it now. And if you want to learn more protocols for accessing flow at will, click the link on the video screen

  Top Comments:
  1. @riandoris [4 likes]: Download the FREE Certainty Window PDF here: https://www.flowstate.com/flow/certainty

And stay certain team! ;-)
  2. @itsstephenchi [3 likes]: "Vision without execution is hallucination"

- Thomas Edison
  3. @BusinessBankingAndBeyond [1 likes]: Prioritize learning and growth, and regularly review your progress to ensure you're on the right path. This approach allows for a more dynamic and resilient journey toward success, where you can pivot and innovate as needed without being constrained by rigid long-term plans.🌟
  4. @nash1193 [1 likes]: When one eye is fixed upon your destination, there is only one eye left with which to find the Way. 
Both eyes on the path ✅️
  5. @zeyadmohamed6315 [1 likes]: What’s up with the camera? Seems to fudge your face up
  6. @shivangbais2069: In this video doesn't rion part of video feels AI produced. Am I the only one???
  7. @acea5683: The PDF is missing the main ingredient which is the inner game/philosophy/theory (which IS discussed in the beginning of the video in quite detail). So I don't know who you are paying to make those pdfs but it's like he doesn't use the info or just is churning out the pdf without thinking. It's really bad. And it won't work without the inner game -- knowing WHY, the reasons, the benefits, the purpose. That would be the 80% or the 80/20 and it's missing that.
You can't just go into outer game without the inner game. Anyways, hope that helps because the video is GREAT, great knowledge and wisdom, but the pdf not so much. It's missing the real JUICE.
  8. @sureshn4131: This man is a gem
  9. @codeChuck: - Help me, I'm stuck!
- Certainly don't think about long future, but execute on certain things with full certainty now, during shorter certainty window!
- Ouh, thanks! Now I'm unstuck :)
  10. @AvukatPinarSoran: This is what i need to learn. So my windows are 1 week long. I am that confused.  Btw this is the way i finish the university. I did this without knowing. If i would keep thinkinh what will i do after fi ishing the university, i wouldnt finish it.
  11. @SuccessMindset2180: So finding certainty is the key for long term planning
  12. @AleksButtoniarz: thanks
  13. @MasteringHappiness: I've been struggling with overthinking for months, and this video explained it perfectly. Short term goals keep you motivated and in flow. Choosing to act instead of feeling forced makes all the difference. Genuinely one of the best videos on this topic!
  14. @jakedaniel1814: Great video, mate. My suggestion is more technical, I'm not sure if this the editors choice, or your own, but the clips where you're on camera seem a bit off. I don't know if it's the lighting, or you've put a bloom filter on the lens, but it looks a lot muddier than your videos in the past.
  15. @adeysel: Why the soft glamour filter on your own facing videos?
  16. @DankieDrally: Clean your camera bruv
  17. @tsenn: Really good
  18. @troyamato8617: Odd question but do you have a video or protocol for what happens if you miss the 90-second wake up and flow window? Would you set your alarm for 30-90 minutes out,”nap” and dump those chemicals again? Or just shoot to get in under five minutes?
  19. @kurtalderpanganiban: I've been waiting for this for 1-2 years
  20. @murrik: Ambiguity

- Why Long-Term Plans Fail (And What to Do Instead): Kind: captions Language: en Why long-term plans fail and what to do instead. Long-term software plans sound reassuring. Map out a year of work and everything will go perfectly. Reality, yearly software development plans are my favorite genre of fiction. These plans live in a fantasy world where teams magically know exactly what to build and precisely how long each task will take. Let's talk about why rigid long-term plans almost always derail and what to do instead. The problem with long-term plans. Long-term project plans fail because they rest on three flawed assumptions. Nothing will go wrong. Developers know exactly what to build. Developers know exactly how long each task will take. In theory, if all three held true, a detailed year-long road map might work. In practice, surprise, these assumption never hold for long. Reality intrudes in the form of bugs. Changing requirements, sick team members, unexpected tech hurdles, you name it. Whenever any of these assumptions break, and believe me, each will sooner or later, your perfect plan starts to unravel. Assumption one, believing nothing will go wrong. Let's start with assumption one, believing nothing will go wrong. This is like assuming you'll code an entire app with zero bucks. A nice thought, but no one has ever done it, and it's unlikely you will be the first. We need to embrace bugs will happen, and every time a bug pops up, someone must stop what they're doing to fix it, which delays other tasks. Picture a timeline of planned futures getting pushed out further every time a bug fix appears. As bugs and surprises accumulate, the team falls behind schedule. To catch up, they face two awful choices: cut scope or cut quality. Since a rigid long-term plan typically treats scope as sacred, teams often end up cutting quality. You often see teams rushing work or adding technical depth just to try to hit their deadlines. This creates a vicious cycle. Sloppy work leads to more bugs which cause more delays which leads to even sloppier work. Eventually, progress grinds to a halt because a team is too busy fixing yesterday's issues to make tomorrow's progress. Assumption two, the myth of precise estimate and complete certainty. Assumption two is believing developers know exactly what to build up front. In reality, we rarely nail the perfect product spec on day one. Requirements evolve as you learn more about the problem and get feedback from users. Yet, a long-term plan set in stone doesn't allow for that learning. It assumes you won't change course. It doesn't allow space for working on feedback because feedback would disturb the predetermined road map. You often see that teams ignore feedback to stick to the plan which is one of the worst things to do as product company. You should treat any product feedback as high priority. Assumption three, the myth of knowing exactly how long each task will take. Assumption three claims we know exactly how long each task will take. This one is particularly tricky and the most treacherous because it compounds the fastest. Software development is a creative process full of uncertainty. It's impossible to make a deterministic forecast in the world of software. Unlike a factory assembly line where each widget takes its same time to produce, in software, every feature is a new design problem. Short-term prediction can be fairly accurate based on gut feeling. However, this is not true for long-term plans. Long-term estimates are often wildly off. Short-term planning to the rest, too. So, what's the alternative? Do we just embrace chaos with no plan at all? Not exactly. The antidote is short-term planning and iterative delivery. In other words, make your planning horizon shorter. As author Lucas F. Costa puts it, instead of making your plan better, make it shorter. The goal is not to avoid planning, but to plan in small increments. Deliver something, get feedback, then plan the next increment. By shortening the cycle, you drastically reduce risk. Why? Because they're making a smaller bet each time. It's like placing short bets instead of one huge gamble. Crucially, short-term planning focuses the theme on delivering value, not just deliverables. In a short horizon, you pick the most valuable achievable outcomes to work on first. You aim to deliver a value product as soon as possible rather than a bunch of predetermined features by far off date. Do we throw away long-term plans entirely? Given all this, you might wonder, should we just ditch long-term plans altogether? The answer is no, but we need to redefine them. It's still important to have a sense of direction and big picture goals. Stakeholders and team members need a highle view of where the product or project is headed. However, that long-term view should be lean and flexible, not detailed fixed schedule. Think of long-term plan as a road map or a statement of intent rather than a strict project plan. The road map set direction and priorities. For example, Q1 focuses on improving onboarding. Q2 focuses on expanding to a new platform and Q3 introduce major feature X. As you can see, it all remains high level and subject to change as we learn. In other words, treat your agile road map as a living document that will change. Now, for the summary, in summary, long-term plan fail because the future is uncertain and pretend it's not. The better approach is to plan for a short term and keep learning and adjusting. Embrace agility and continuous adjustment. Keep a longer term vision, but hold it loosely. By shortening your planning cycle, you'll find your team delivers more value, wastes less time, and stays ser. Did you like this video? Make sure to check out Deathstats. Deathstats is an engineering metric tool that helps you capture important data about your software delivery pipeline.

- Why Succession Planning Is Key to Long‑Term Growth: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone knows Steve Madden, everyone knows the name, the brand, the shoes. But without the people, there's none of that. [MUSIC] We bring in a lot of young, talented people and we train them. And I think you're planting seeds that can grow into trees one day for you. Right, so now HR is having these conversations with leaders where we could say, this person's promotable, what tools, what development, what are we doing to get them to the next level? We have either weekly or biweekly touch bases. It's this platform that we use called Stand Out. And it literally asks you, what are your priorities for the week? Now you are very, very self aware of how you're doing because those conversations are happening a lot more frequently. If you're lacking people skills, if you're lacking computer skills, they find ways to bring your talent out. I do love the company as a whole. I had no plans on ever leaving, but I knew I wanted to grow. Across the board, but especially the stores, we could say, who's ready to become an area manager? Who's ready for the next level based on the data? Them giving me the freedom and trust to create felt really good. That was huge for me. I could see myself in this company for like long term. I've been here for eight years now, been promoted about five times. They knew that I was ready to grow. So when something did become available, I was like one of their first choices. I think that's a testament to a great work environment, a great culture that Steve Madden offers to us. If you only have one person that knows how to do something and they leave, that's the problem. So we have to plan for that. Succession planning is about being proactive versus reactive. I can definitely see myself taking that next step in a training role or even like an area manager role. You know, we're only as good as our people. I think the company itself has to have a clear growth strategy because I think people want to be with a winner. And when a company grows, it creates opportunities for its employees to grow.

- Long Term and Short Term Planning Animated: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] imagine you are driving a car at night in the complete darkness from point A to point B they are 100 km away from each other and you roughly know where the point B is what do you do of course you just turn on the headlights right now you can see only 50 m ahead and somehow in a few hours you simply make it to the point B without much effort how did that happen I find this analogy very powerful the point B is our long-term goal which may take five 10 or 20 years it's your desired destination it could be anything running a successful business retiring at the age of 40 or wanting to be a top Pro snowboarder it doesn't really matter the headlights is our short-term planning for the nearest Future it could be 1 month 6 months or a year long the short-term goal could be to find some local successful entrepreneurs and learn from them once a month or to save 20% of the salary and invest it by the end of the year or to stop eating junk food and sign up for a gym this week these short-term goals often need to be re-evaluated and updated but eventually they will lead you to the desired pornb as long as you have the headlights on and keep in mind that long-term goal point B you can safely drive through the darkness avoiding the potholes Crossroads traffic jams and other obstacles life throws at us you probably figure out by now that the darkness represents life in this example some people have a clearly defined point B in their life but they often forget to turn on the headlights so they burn through life driving crazy circles in the complete darkness and until they finally crash into some obstacle on the way that destroy the car other people don't have a desired pointb defined but they drive with the headlights on and honestly I think this is the worst category at first the ride seems much safer and more predictable but after some time they will end up getting lost and frustrated asking thems how did we end up in such a horrible place with all the driving done a perfect quote comes to my mind in the long run we only hit what we aim at if your long-term aim was literally nothing don't be surprised when in the end you get nothing here you have it the only way out of this is to have both a clearly defined long-term goal as well as the short-term planning so no matter what life throws at you during the journey you can always make it to the desired point B Be

  Top Comments:
  1. @jona457 [9 likes]: Powerful video.  Short and to the point.
  2. @Raj-fv7ge [1 likes]: I want to know that my long term has to be same as short term goal or different ???? Or short term goal also have to be contributed in the long term goal ???
  3. @chigozieajaere5087 [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @thatguynexus5935 [1 likes]: Wow, this video is truly inspiring! Bravo, mate.
  5. @aishaadedeji421 [1 likes]: Very useful, using this as a reference point
  6. @rahulshendre7089 [1 likes]: Thank you so so much man !!
  7. @juliechipo257 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this helpful video. The illustrations really consolidated the message in your words. That quote really resonated! ❤
  8. @flovie_08 [1 likes]: Thank you!!! Finally i Understand❤️
  9. @lmhough [1 likes]: This was a very helpful analogy. Thank you.
  10. @Julsdaballs [1 likes]: Very good analogy and animation!
  11. @wtbofnc7880 [1 likes]: The toughest thing to realize for all mankind.
  12. @KanwaljitSingh555: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  13. @SilverFoilSurfer: 🤖 TLDW (Too Long Didn't Watch) - AI Analysis
Nothing personal, just making learning n8n more fun! 📚

⭐⭐⭐ EXECUTIVE SUMMARY ⭐⭐⭐
This video uses a powerful analogy of driving a car at night to explain the necessity of having both long-term and short-term goals. It argues that a long-term goal is the ultimate destination (Point B), while short-term plans are the headlights that illuminate the immediate path. The video concludes that to successfully navigate the unpredictable journey of life and avoid getting lost or crashing, one must have both a clear destination and a consistent, adaptable short-term plan.

⭐⭐⭐ DETAILED BREAKDOWN ⭐⭐⭐
The video opens with an analogy: imagine driving a car 100km at night from Point A to a destination, Point B. In the complete darkness, your headlights only allow you to see 50 meters ahead, yet by focusing on that visible stretch of road, you eventually reach your distant destination.

This analogy is then mapped onto life and goal-setting. Point B represents a long-term goal, such as starting a business, retiring early, or becoming a professional athlete—a destination that might take 5 to 20 years to reach. The car's headlights represent short-term goals and planning, focusing on what can be accomplished in the next 1 to 6 months. These short-term goals, like saving a certain percentage of income or learning a new skill, are the manageable steps that illuminate the path forward.

The narrator explains that success requires navigating life's obstacles (potholes, traffic jams), which is only possible by focusing on the immediate path lit by the 'headlights' of short-term planning, while still keeping the long-term destination in mind. The video presents two common failure scenarios. The first is having a long-term goal but no short-term plan (driving without headlights), which leads to crashing into unseen obstacles. The second is having short-term plans but no long-term destination (driving with headlights but no Point B), which results in aimless wandering and frustration.

The video concludes by emphasizing that the only way to reliably reach your desired destination in life is to have both a clearly defined long-term goal and a functional short-term plan. It reinforces this with a quote from Henry David Thoreau, suggesting that we only achieve what we consciously aim for.

⭐⭐⭐ KEY TAKEAWAYS ⭐⭐⭐
🎯 Life's journey towards a major goal is like driving a long distance at night; you can't see the end, only the path immediately in front of you.
🎯 Long-term goals (5-20 years) provide direction and a destination (Point B).
🎯 Short-term goals (1-6 months) act as 'headlights', allowing you to make tangible progress and navigate immediate obstacles safely.
🎯 Pursuing a long-term goal without a short-term plan is like driving in the dark without headlights—you are destined to crash.
🎯 Focusing only on short-term tasks without a long-term vision is like driving aimlessly with headlights on; you're moving but will end up lost and frustrated.
🎯 Success requires the synergy of both a clear, long-term vision and a consistent, adaptable short-term action plan.

⭐⭐⭐ ACTIONABLE ADVICE ⭐⭐⭐
💡 Clearly define your 'Point B': What is a major long-term goal you want to achieve in the next 5, 10, or 20 years? Write it down to give yourself a clear destination.
💡 Turn on your 'headlights': Break down your long-term goal into actionable short-term goals you can achieve in the next 1-6 months. This creates a clear path for the immediate future.
💡 Consistently act on your short-term plan while regularly checking that you are still headed toward your long-term destination. Be prepared to adjust your short-term goals as you encounter life's obstacles.

⭐⭐⭐ COMMENTS INSIGHTS (The Real Gold) ⭐⭐⭐

✅ WHAT PEOPLE LOVED:
👍 Video is powerful, short, and to the point.
👍 Provided a clear understanding of short-term vs. long-term goals.
👍 The illustrations and analogy were very helpful and effective.
👍 Content is inspiring and provides clarity and ambition.

❌ MAIN CRITICISMS:


😰 COMMUNITY PAIN POINTS:
⚠️ Difficulty understanding the difference between short-term and long-term goals.
⚠️ Feeling lost or 'in the dark' about personal ventures.
⚠️ Struggling to write about goals for college and job applications.

🙏 WHAT VIEWERS WANT TO SEE:


⭐⭐⭐ THUMBNAIL BREAKDOWN ⭐⭐⭐
🎨 Hand holding a marker: A central element is a human hand holding a gray marker, actively drawing a path, which signifies planning and action.
🎨 Timeline arrow: A prominent yellow arrow stretches across the image from left to right, representing the passage of time and the journey from short-term to long-term goals.
🎨 Goal representations: The thumbnail uses icons to represent goals: small dumbbells, a simple car for short-term goals, and a larger camper van for the long-term goal, illustrating a progression in scale and achievement.
🎨 Labels 'A' and 'B': Red circular labels with the letters 'A' and 'B' are placed at the start and end of the timeline, suggesting a comparison, a process, or points in a journey.
🎨 Claymation/3D style: All elements are rendered in a tactile, clay-like 3D style, making the abstract concept of goal setting appear tangible and visually engaging.
🎨 Drawn element: A black, spiky, starburst-like shape is being drawn by the marker, perhaps symbolizing an idea, an obstacle, or a key milestone.
  14. @가족소통대화클리닉: Thank you for this video, I’ve learned so many interesting and useful things! Let me know your opinion about this topic, I’m excited to hear your feedback!
  15. @부모와아이마음연결: I hope you continue making videos on helpful topics like this one! Do you think this solution will work? Share your personal viewpoint!
  16. @vedadida8495: Thankyou for this i think i know what i want now😊
  17. @CaptainFALKEN: I've been thinking about this alot lately. I have a few clear long term goals, but my current situations are always lacking having a laser focus on short term goals. By setting a few short term goals to get done within a few month or so, I feel very ambitious to get it done and it's very doable in this timeframe.
Way to organize my timeline myself. 🤙🏼
  18. @chigozieajaere5087: Helpful
  19. @omegatseggia3002: Great illustrations. Helps me a lot . Thank you 🙏🏽 ❤
  20. @conceptseekers9473: that was beautiful bro thank you...!! may ALLAH THE GOD ALMIGHTY give you best of both worlds.

- How to generate the most Creative Ideas(even if you are not creative): Kind: captions Language: en you don't need to be creative to come up with creative ideas you just need this one trick most people think creativity is about having some magical talent but the truth is great ideas come from one simple process combining old ideas in new ways let me prove it Steve Jobs didn't invent the touchscreen the phone or the internet he just combined them into the iPhone Shakespeare he borrowed plots from old stories and made them better even Einstein built on existing physics theories to come up with relativity so how do you do this here's the trick idea stacking and here's how it works step one absorb relentlessly read watch listen fill your brain with diverse knowledge the more raw material you have the easier it is to connect dots but before you start absorbing with diverse ideas you need to start creating even if it's something basic because there is literally no point if you don't create and just absorb mindlessly step two write down interesting ideas it doesn't matter if they seem unrelated a marketing concept a science fact a person Insight log everything step three find unexpected connections ask how can I mix these what happens if I apply this idea to that problem and that's where Innovation happens for example James Dyson took the concept of a vacuum cleaner and combined it with the mechanics of industrial Cyclones to create the first bagless vacuum see the pattern creativity isn't about originality it's about recombination but what is the best part you don't need to wait for inspiration just keep stacking ideas and look for overlaps you can literally try right now let's say for example you want to record a podcast okay where do most podcasts get recorded in a room right and let's say where people mostly make their Vlogs or touch grass outside right I've never seen someone doing a podcast outside in a forest or in Ruins well there might be someone that I don't know of but my point is you don't require Talent you just need a system that works that's all there is to it no special talent just a method that delivers results

  Top Comments:
  1. @your.nextcore [198 likes]: here's a bonus vid for those who are actually serious about creativity. 
https://youtu.be/HdDa5pqxuUA
  2. @motioninfinixofficial [2 likes]: The secret ingredient to 'Idea Stacking' is Taste. Anyone can stack random concepts, but the magic happens when you filter them ruthlessly. Elite inputs + a structured system = world-class execution. Spot on. ⚡
  3. @ASAS_plays [1 likes]: oh so become generative AI basically
  4. @dabedu8850 [1 likes]: "How to walk, even if you are crippled"
  5. @temanudj9901 [1 likes]: red hood irony variant collected
  6. @motioninfinixofficial [1 likes]: Creativity is just connecting things.” — Steve Jobs.

This is the ultimate breakdown of that reality. Innovation isn't about spawning something out of thin air; it’s about curation and recombination. Shift your mindset from 'I’m not talented' to 'I just need a better system.' Brilliant video. 🎯
  7. @SorbetSandwich-z5q: Yeah, I think I have already mastered this (I’m making a robot that’s controlled using an Apple Vision Pro, HAH!🫵😃)
  8. @TubbFehringer: Bro never disappoints 🔥
  9. @TubbFehringer: This deserves more views.
  10. @poetrypavilion: Reading poetry has been a gentle way of getting in touch with my creativity.
  11. @VoidPsycheOfficial: In conclusion, the term “creative” has been expanded for many purposes nowadays…
  12. @Iceballss: why is the thumbnail look like the hood irony walk
  13. @noyo8452: 1:20-1:23 Thank you. Everytime I hear the advice : "Be more original", I'm like "uh... what does that mean ? What defines an original idea?"
They always tell you to be original but they never explain how .

Some of my stories are basically mash-up of recent concepts, vibes and old ideas I keep using unconsciously.
  14. @V4lh: Boredom is your greatest ally.
  15. @BHUMISHAH-t5i: This idea is similar to the book steal like an artist . I feel there is nothing new but cocktail of existing thing which  creates an illusion of somthing new.
  16. @retro_boy_advance: What’s your favourite idea? Mine is being creative!
  17. @RajeshChoudhary-hu6sl: https://youtu.be/gvcUVbrdj7Y
  18. @startea0412: I actually recognized this as a pattern, but was more disappointed, that I can't find true creativity and originality, that I am hoping to find.
  19. @Definetly_Abdou: Good point, but i believe that creativity is what sets the difference between a person who have a thinking mind, and someone who dont, i know that most ideas were remixed into better one, but you know whats even better? Coming up with your unique original idea and implement it with your original personality or way of work
  20. @HDh-s7q: Loved this video, keep up the great work!

- How to Write a Hook and Engage your Audience: Kind: captions Language: en-US With the deadline approaching, Ken stares at his blinking cursor, unable to write a word. Why is it so difficult to write a captivating hook? Ken is not alone. So many students struggle with starting their essays, but in this video I'll explain the most common techniques you can use to write a hook. And I'll tell you the absolute best technique you can use, whether it's in an essay or a sales pitch. First, what is a hook and why do I need it? A hook consists of the first few sentences of your introduction that's used to captivate or hook your audience, so they want to keep reading or listening. A hook should be intriguing and related to the topic of the essay or speech so that your audience starts engaging with your ideas. Okay, but how do I create a hook? One option is to create a vivid description or tell a story. This technique engages your audience right away because they need to imagine the scenario you're painting with. Your words use vivid verbs to show what someone is doing and add only relevant details that will easily transition to the topic of your essay. When you can't think of a way to hook your audience, another option is to let someone else do it by using a quote. The quote should be from someone with authority on the topic you're writing about, and it should be something interesting that they say. Make sure it's not too long since you don't want it to run on and have the reader lose interest. And don't forget to cite your quotation. Another way to hook your audience is to start with an interesting fact or a statistic. The fact or statistics should be fairly unknown and something that may slightly shock the audience. Again, remember to properly cite your information. Another way to hook your audience is to ask meaningful questions. Many times students will ask a rhetorical question, but it's not always meaningful. Other times students will ask a question that just repeats the prompt in order to create a meaningful question. Think about what you'd ask your audience. If you want your audience to really care about your topic. What aspect of your topic could they connect with? Finally, the best way to hook your audience is to use the story technique and combine it with another technique. Why the emphasis on a story? Well, according to cognitive psychologist Jerome Bruner. He suggests that we are 22 times more likely to remember a fact when it has been wrapped in a story. Why? Because stories are memorable. Stories help us grab the gist of an idea quickly. The trigger or emotion as you decide which technique to use. Here's a list of do's and don'ts for writing hooks. First, keep it short and clear. Writing 1 to 3 sentences for your hook is ideal. Next, make sure your hook introduces and leads into your main topic. You don't want your hook to focus on a topic not covered in the essay. Another tip is to make sure you cite outside information in order to avoid plagiarism. Next, even though your hook is the first part, the audience reads. Try to write it last. It helps to have your argument established so you can think of an appropriate hook to draw in that audience. Finally, don't start with a dictionary definition. Definitions tend to be dry and boring and don't really engage audiences.

  Top Comments:
  1. @xingchenwang3984 [11 likes]: Sigma
  2. @keno9114 [11 likes]: When she said "Ken is not alone" I felt that lmao
  3. @techmeetsrhet [7 likes]: What's your favorite technique to write hooks?

00:00 Start
00:23 What is a hook?
00:43 Tip #1 on how to create a hook
01:04 Tip #2 on how to create a hook
01:25 Tip #3 on how to create a hook
01:41 Tip #4 on how to create a hook
02:06 The BEST option to create a hook
02:36 Dos and Don’ts of writing hooks
  4. @HADOVIA_BALL [4 likes]: I came here cuz of my teacher 😭
  5. @jonathanrice8236 [3 likes]: This is great. I am using this video to teach my freshmen students. Can you add captions to help with my EL learners?
  6. @user-zp6ff2gr4n [2 likes]: If you can't write, just start writing. Anything. The muse will arrive in less than 20 minutes
  7. @tellypandel7847 [2 likes]: This was fantastic! It jogged my memory to help my students write their introduction today.
  8. @Jasontv-uk2rm [2 likes]: d
  9. @nandi8709 [1 likes]: Because you lowered the volume
  10. @ShakeriaD.Johnson: that was so good
  11. @YuvrajChaudhary-u3l: 67
  12. @Icon-e: THANKS SO MUCH
  13. @cpeury: i hate school
  14. @LearningIsfun-g7u: Thanks
  15. @nathanoriely: Thanks i am from tvet
  16. @OliciaReid-f1s: i....
  17. @nandi8709: Dumbos
  18. @nandi8709: Who are you guys
  19. @arikeca5362: med school insiders?
  20. @DBZKU_: This helped me thanks! 0:41

- These are the only shots you will ever need.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so when we think of doing video most of the time we plan our shots with a story board or a shot list well obviously it is recommended to do so because this will make your filming more efficient and also your editing part because of fewer shots to choose from planning also makes our storytelling better because we got shot selections that are fit to the story that we want to tell but as a solo sh sometimes we cannot avoid having creative block or it's simply hard to think of shot sequences so whenever I'm in this kind of situation I'm using this template as my go-to shots so I could create an interesting sequence it consists of three staple shots and then one or more shots after depending on the story I want to tell so the first shot is a white shot it's perfect for establishing scenes and showing the relationship between the character and their surrounding this shot captures a large area of the scene giving the audience a sense of the environment and the context having a white shot makes some flexibility to where to put our subject we can use a simple full rule of thirds to position our character it may be on the right side or the left side of the frame next is a medium shot this shot frames the subject from waist up a balance between a wide shot and a close-up shot most of the time I use this to make the subject closer to the frame and also how the subject will interact with the environment and it also can be used if you want to introduce another character or it can be a staging point for the next shot which is a close-up shot so as I mentioned the number three on this list is a close-up shot this shot emphasizes the character there in motion or it is a close-up shot of the face or other parts of the subject or it can be connected from The Medium shot that comes before the shot it can also describe the interest of the character so having a close-up shot let us show the audience the details that can be missed with the wide shot or the medium shot so the fourth and final shot or shots depends on your story so it can be another close-up shot of a detail or it can be a medium shot again or a white shot or even a combination of those three shots so for example if I want to show that the character is leaving the scene I will do a white shot of that and then do another white shot of the next location so I could start the new sequence so yeah basically that's how I use this sequence as a template whenever I'm having trouble thinking of creative shots and most of the time it works and trust me I know how hard it is not knowing what to shoot first especially if you're in a location or you have like a run in- gun situation so here are some examples on how this segment looks like together I

  Top Comments:
  1. @alvinojoy [274 likes]: Try this template on your next video 📹:hands-yellow-heart-red:
  2. @geeksonot [1 likes]: The breakdown of using the wide, medium, and close-up shot sequence as a template is the perfect cure for creative block during run-and-gun shoots
  3. @8015s [1 likes]: "Watch later"
  4. @therealjokensechico: Best informative video for filming. Is this effective in short videos?
  5. @AhmadSufyan455: bro, it's good if you make a behind the scenes of that, love it
  6. @JessandJamesTravel: Can you apply this method to a travel context, e.g. going to a Cafe, Activity etc.
  7. @markkoalawebseo: 1 million 300 000 vues et le gars il est pas monétisé ! Comment ça se fait?
  8. @satuakter-b5r: how to clean your room fast
  9. @Dawid.Filipczak: A simple tutorial about simple shot types. The right way to go about it 👌
  10. @queeniegong2801: This is so good!. This is the structure I needed to understand filming.
  11. @CyrilleLokaala-e8c: What of backshots
  12. @untitled_reviews: The soft glow edit is so amazing 🎉❤
  13. @SteeleByte: Mastering the basics is everything, This shot sequence template is a game changer for solo creators📸✨
  14. @Philo_sophical: How do you do the slow zooming effect on a clip??
  15. @walaabahnassi1009: did you shot them all with same lense?
  16. @ishikaghosh3633: thank you
  17. @redeye10602: Thanks for the IDEA!!
  18. @FrancoisRioux-ed8bv: And you took time to put a good example at the end. Thanks
  19. @angelcake000: awww your cat!!! great video tysm <3
  20. @isaac_tondo: What’s the best app to use for editin videos

- 5 Creative Shots for Short Video (Instagram Reels + TikTok): Kind: captions Language: en if i could give you one tip it would be to shoot more instagram reels hey guys welcome back in today's video we're going to be talking about short form video specifically instagram reels and tick tock and ways that you can incorporate creative angles creative five creative shots that you can incorporate into your short form video now these shots can be incorporated into a wide variety of genres this doesn't have to be just for photographers or videographers this could be for people who are trying to make reels or tic tocs for their business but just because the videos are shorter doesn't mean the videos are necessarily easier to make now that the videos are 15 seconds 10 seconds even seven or six seconds you have to tell a story you have to get to the point really really fast and this is where getting creative with your shot styles or your angles really helps keep an audience engaged so let's go over five types of shots that i incorporate into my short form video that tries to keep the audience engaged and interested so one of the alerts of short form video is its ease of creation this basically means that the great thing about reels and tic tocs is that it seems like anybody can make their own this means that you can use iphones or even smaller equipment like gopros to help create a story a fun thing that you can do is put your camera in places that you wouldn't be able to do otherwise in this first example the actors pull out hats from the bag this angle can be used to set the scene for a quick video in this other example the subject picks up the camera and actually brings them up with them to show the actual scene and this is a great establishing shot that you can use in the beginning of your videos the second creative shot is using action to introduce a transition in the scene in this first clip the acura physically pushes or acts like they're about to push the camera to the side and in doing so you can move the scene from one setting to another location really quickly with a little bit of fun in this other video i've done this with subjects actually using their sunglasses and moving their heads in a certain direction to also introduce a transition or sort of a whip effect all you have to do is just remember which way that you're whipping the camera and when the subject physically does the action just make sure to pan with the actual direction of the motion the third creative shot is to actually walk with a subject the great thing about the new iphones is that they have great stabilization so if you have an iphone this is great if you have a different kind of camera if you can use a gimbal that's great also but typically i just use everything handheld what i often times like to do is stand perhaps three or four meters a couple yards in front of your subject and have them walk with you and you just walk backwards and this is a great way again to establish the scene show your subject in motion but also show the environment which is a great way to show your audience where the action is taking place the fourth creative shot is using height to your advantage so if you can try and get higher than your subject this is a great way to also introduce depth and and honestly just creates a great angle that you can incorporate into your videos what you really want to do is avoid having everything at eye level when i go out to take video i try to keep this in mind by making sure i get enough eye level shots try to get low and also try to get to higher vantage points to introduce a bit of depth into the video and keep it interesting alternatively here is another angle sort of with that creative height but this time going lower by placing the camera on the ground facing upwards and having subjects look at the camera downwards this is another way to create depth and keeps the story interesting [Music] the final creative shot requires a little bit of gear if you have a gopro this is easier you can put the gopro inside your mouth or i actually have a bite mount that i attached to my gopro max alternatively you can just hold up the camera directly to your face or to your eyes to create sort of that pov effect which is on exhibit here by introducing a subject's hands and creating a pov scenario this is a great way to make the audience or the viewer seem like they're a part of the video and taking part in the action so yeah that was a real quick one on how to incorporate creative shots into your short form videos this of course can apply to regular videography as well but in short form video especially it's great to have a variety of angles to keep the audience captivated keep them engaged and keep them watching so i hope some of these tips helped i hope you can incorporate into your video into your genre or whatever that might be please like this video and share it and please subscribe and turn on post notifications if you're just now stumbling across my channel my name is gaku i'm a multimedia specialist based out of tokyo japan i do videography photography a little bit of everything and if you like creative content like this please subscribe and stay tuned for next week thanks again i'll see you guys in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @martisk0 [14 likes]: bro does not enjoy android
  2. @Ali-Cheikh [4 likes]: 3 years later and i still couldnt make a single video
  3. @bhabestvvlogs5253 [2 likes]: Nice short video ideas... Thanks for sharing👌
  4. @miftahbusiness5182 [1 likes]: Finally i found this channel, immersive
  5. @SohmiFaith [1 likes]: Jesus love you all he can save us all
  6. @produccionesoasisvlc: Muy buena información
  7. @CDas99: Thanks for 92 subscribe plz bro
  8. @AllAroundMediaChannel: Great Tips you have helped me out so much
  9. @AngusVivian: Great video Gaku 🔥
  10. @gripdept: Thanks
  11. @Hosein-j2g3v: Photo shot transition
  12. @joaquincitor: thankss
  13. @savoryexposure: Short and sweet, love these tips!
  14. @Kidhunter69: 2:42
  15. @EkbsoundGod: ❤❤❤
  16. @elcoby9k: Thats was i need it
  17. @jhilmiliqueen: thank you! that was an amazingly helpful list! u make it sound so simple and easy and doable. TY.
  18. @tigerlit6813: much appreciated.  think its very usefu
  19. @Nafiseh-bo3ph: Informative
  20. @b4daindustrycaughton: ❤

- How to fix Facebook story upload errors for US users Full Guide 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone. In this tutorial, I'll show you how to fix Facebook story upload errors for US users in 2026. So, if your stories are not uploading, stuck, or failing to post, yeah, this guide will help you fix it step by step. First, make sure your internet connection is stable. A weak Wi-Fi or unstable mobile data is one of the most common reasons stories fail to upload. Next, close Facebook completely and reopen it. So, sometimes the app just glitches and restarting it fixes story upload issues instantly. Make sure your app is updated. I mean, older versions of Facebook can cause bugs like story upload failures or freezing issues. If you're on Android, clear the app cache. Uh, and on iPhone, reinstall the app to remove corrupted data that may block uploads. Another issue could be your media file. So yeah, make sure your photo or video is supported, not too large, and in a proper format like JPG or MP4VPNs or restricted networks can also block uploads. Uh try turning off VPN or switching between Wi-Fi and mobile data. And that's how to fix Facebook story upload errors for US users in 2026. Once you check your internet, update the app, and fix file or network issues, your stories should upload normally again. If this guide helped you out, feel free to check out more Facebook troubleshooting tutorials.

- The Biggest Facebook Ad Mistakes Of Accounts Spending $20k A Month And Beyond With Logan Mayville: Kind: captions Language: en so when i say prospecting what i mean by that is these are audiences that have never been exposed to your brand they haven't been to your website they haven't been to your facebook page they have our instagram profile they haven't watched one of your videos and you can know this for certain for now because you can use exclusion audiences so when you create a prospecting campaign you're going to want to exclude anyone who's been to your site watch your videos etc the first thing you got to think about as a marketer is this is your first impression you know someone scrolling on their phone what are you gonna say um and so when you think about it that's actually pretty different than what you might say to someone who's already been on your site or has already watched your explainer video and so the this this concept of dividing your brain into prospecting and retargeting um is a a good way to to reach your consumer kind of where they're at in their buying journey does that make sense steve go back five six years ago it was very different than facebook converting a cold audience was a lot easier but right now taking an audience that's never heard of you doesn't know you doesn't trust you it's the whole like knowing trust thing right and so you know that audience if we don't treat it differently that's where most facebook campaigns fail that i've seen because people are trying to trade create a cold audience and treat it like somebody who's gonna get ready to buy you should never have retargeting audiences combined with prospecting audiences they should be totally separate and so the first reason is before is performance based right if you're if you're combining those two you're gonna you're you're gonna suffer a little bit because you're sending the wrong messages to the wrong people and the second thing is tracking if you've got a retargeting audience mixed in with your prospecting audience and you're getting results you won't know which is responsible for that if you don't have it organized properly a solid naming convention separating your prospecting audiences into different campaigns than you're retargeting audiences is a great first step and if you can get that done you can evolve from there and iterate and continue to get better which is kind of what the game is all about right what the what people don't realize is what the graphic is actually supposed to do is stop the scroll right because people are gonna know it's an ad probably before they're even done seeing the whole thing right because you can kind of tell there's a little sponsored tag we just kind of know how to operate in in social media so if you don't stop the scroll it doesn't really matter what your offer is or what your post copy says or if you use an emoji or not right you got to stop the scroll basically what you need to be thinking as you're writing this copy is i've earned enough of this person's attention for them to kind of skim my copy what am i going to tell them that's going to sort of tickle them it's going to ask a question there's a lot of different things you can try you don't want to have a complex message on your first touch right it wants to be one clear thought don't try to because and so steve this is something that people don't realize your facebook ad is not selling a product or service you are selling a click think about that okay once the person is off your ad and onto your landing page or opening up your legion form or in your store they're not thinking about the ad anymore they they forgot about that ten minutes ago and it's only been two seconds point is sell the click not the um not the thing itself not the product or the service and so there's a couple different ways to do that obviously you can ask a question there's different techniques but creating a curiosity gap is not a bad way to do it so you talked about the three different levels like the photo or the video the headline the text message now obviously those are three different variables right in one app so how do you test which variable is working or which variable isn't yeah and so the the simple answer is to try one thing at a time right so generally speaking um what i'm going to do is i'm going to use the exact same copy with a with two different graphics the graphic or the video is always the first thing i test because again you can't stop the scroll doesn't really matter what you did so this is something that most of us have been doing taste like advertising for a while if you put up two or three different photos as an example and lots of them the one you throw in laps and you're like let's just see what happens it's the one that works right it is overwhelmingly it's not the one i expect i've been through it so many times and i you know when you're fighting with a client on sort of um can i use this ad crib or whatever you just gotta tell them hey you hate this one that'll probably be the best one let's see in a week you know make a bet with him or something you're exactly exactly right though it's never the one you expect dynamic creative sounds amazing in theory and i've had good results for it in certain cases other times it just seems to be a extremely frustrating part of the algorithm that i don't have any control over and so i don't i don't use it anymore and uh it's just it's purely based on experience time as we know it in facebook ads land time is relative to your budget right small budget need lots of time huge budget can test in a day or two days or something like that so it really depends and so what i think and i tell people who are who are kicking the tires on facebook and instagram ads um at minimum set aside three thousand dollars a month in ad spend because otherwise like if you're at that 3 000 mark you're probably going to want to learn some techniques and to do it yourself because what you're going to pay in fees to an expert is going to be you know before you're ready to dive in make sure you have like a proven offer like like don't i mean unless you have a budget to blow but like the idea is this this has worked in other channels you know it works organically we have something that works through word of mouth is like it's ads don't make or break the product right it has to work itself it is ad account organization um simply because ad builds take a long time and it's it's you got there's a lot of maneuvers you have to do in the facebook ads manager you have to look back you know months from now in reporting um organize your ad accounts into prospecting and retargeting test different audiences within those and it's going to make your life so much [Music] [Applause] you

- Why Is Facebook Falling ? | Facebook Failure Story Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook is going bankrupt. Facebook lost as much wealth in a single day as Mukesh Ambani and Gautam Adani combined. In the last 10 months, Facebook's value has skyrocketed. Mark Zuckerberg used to be the third richest person in the world, but now he does n't even figure in the top 10 list. Now you must be wondering what happened. Everything is going well with Facebook. So for your information, Facebook has been eclipsed, due to which Facebook is going bankrupt, and the times to come are not good for Facebook. There are three reasons for Facebook's destruction. Facebook has run out of users. Now you must be wondering how it is possible that Facebook has no users. There are so many people in the world. The world's population is 797 crore, and there are 91 crore Facebook users in the world. Now only 506 crore are left. Out of these, a total of 17 crore people live in China, Russia, and Iran. But these three countries have made Facebook a big success. Now only 336 crore people are left. Out of these, 300 crore people are those who live in large parts of Africa, Pakistan, In many parts of Bangladesh and India too, there are people who do not have internet facility, so when there is internet, how will they use Facebook? Now, of the remaining people who are left, 15% are below 10 years of age and even above 90 years of age and there are many people who do not use Facebook. Overall, if we look at Facebook, now new users do not come. It has spread to as many countries as it had to. As many users as possible were allowed to come. That is why on February 3, 2022, when Facebook published its report that look brothers, both our revenue and users have decreased, due to which the value of Facebook which was 30 billion dollars decreased in one day, secondly, it created competition in other social media like Instagram, YouTube and TikTok. Actually, what happened in the life of Facebook, when Facebook was first launched, everyone in the world had to use Facebook only. When Facebook was launched, there was only a Facebook account, everyone in the world had to use Facebook, video, photo, everything was there in Facebook. At that time, if you want to see long form content, if you want to watch knowledge videos, then where will you go? If you want to enjoy Reliance videos, then where will you go? TikTok or Instagram are the best places for everything. A special platform has been created for this. All these things used to happen on Facebook earlier but now all these have come to different platforms, so the people who like all these things have moved to those platforms as well and today we will do whatever is there and leave the old one. Youth started leaving Facebook, so Facebook thought that they are taking it to short videos, then shorts were also brought to Facebook, so TikTok users spend 197.8 million hours on TikTok and 17.6 million hours on Instagram, which means there is no competition for TikTok, that is why Instagram also started showing the released videos, so it started getting locked, what to watch the video from the heart, it was better than our TikTok, so in the process of copying TikTok, Instagram is also losing its users and you must be knowing that Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp is of Mal Bhaiya only, the third region is that Facebook is incurring a huge loss because of Apple, the income on YouTube is through ads and to run this, Facebook and data are needed, for what you are eating, what you are drinking, where you are travelling, they use your data for this. If he does that, then Apple said that I will not let you track the data of all my users and in today's time the number of iPhone users is increasing, due to this Facebook is not getting everyone's data, hence they are not able to run ads properly, due to which advertisers are going to join Facebook, so this is causing a loss of about $ and this year Facebook, so these were the 3 reasons due to which Facebook is breaking down, so I hope you liked the video, if you liked the video then like the video and if you are new to the channel then subscribe to watch such informative videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @demarc2911 [1 likes]: p̳r̳o̳m̳o̳s̳m̳ 😚

- Why Facebook Is Falling | Facebook Failure Story Explained | Apple the reason for facebook’s fall?: Kind: captions Language: ne #facebook #instagram #metaverse #meta #markzuckerberg #CaseStudy

  Top Comments:
  1. @sharemarketipoupadate2058 [2 likes]: Most interesting case study of Facebook company 😮🎉
  2. @kminterestingfactshindi8883 [2 likes]: Informative Facebook case study ❤
  3. @saraswotithapaliya7814 [1 likes]: educational information
  4. @sharemarketipoupadate2058 [1 likes]: YouTube tranding facbook case study
  5. @KrishnaShiwakotiyt3025: Thanks you sir this case study
  6. @saraswotithapaliya7814: Thank you for this information 😮

- Top Facebook Story MISTAKES to AVOID (DON'T DO THIS!): Kind: captions Language: en today we are talking the top five mistakes that I see too many people making including myself when it comes to stories whether it be Facebook stories or Instagram stories so if you want to know what these top mistakes are so you aren't making them then hit that thumbs up and keep on watching what's up fam sherry brown here social media strategist and business coach who loves and nothing more than to help people just like you and get started building your business and your brand faster using a social media and online marketing strategy so if you're new here and kind of feel like you're vibing with this then just yeah subscribe and hit the bell so you get notified as I upload a new videos each and every week store a mistake number one and that is filling the entire screen with stuff now this is pretty straightforward as to why you want to keep the top and the bottom clear whenever you are you know creating your story or you're using text overlays any things like that because otherwise that stuff isn't going to get seen at the bottom of stories you know when it comes to Facebook stories you have where people can comment and I see all too often people putting text at the very bottom of the screen and like you can't see it now a mistake number two also has to do with placement and that is miss placing clickable links or stickers this could be tags location polls things like that you want to make sure that you're putting them somewhere like in the center whether it be like down in the center like towards the middle like lower on the screen because otherwise of what could happen if you're putting it like over on the right hand side then it could create an unintended action story mistake number three is too much stinkin information on the story making it really hard to read here's the deal have you ever been scrolling through a story and you see like all this information on one particular image well it's just too much to consume especially giving this a fact that I know on Facebook stories each picture lasts about like four seconds and most people let's just face it don't know if you put your finger like on the screen dot pause is it where they can read it so again most people don't know that and it just is it's too much so instead of putting all that text on one particular story what you want to do and this is something I talked about in last week's video where I shared some of my top favorites to create standout stories if you have not watched that I'll be sure to a link it down below for you to check out after this is a by the way the third video in a three-part series all around stories so again what you're going to want to do instead is create break this up and create multiple stories within a sequence which thus in turn creates a little flow making your stories away easier to consume and don't be afraid to play around with some different fonts and some different tacks that way you know it as you are creating like a little sequence and a flow you can have a different text pop-up you can use the same image or you talking and then different text pops up at different times creating like a little flow big big mistake number four is using features that are applicable to the platform we kind of explain what I'm talking about here now I know a lot of people who are using both Instagram and Facebook stories and a lot of times what I see to try to save time is people adding stories to Instagram and adding different like overlays and you know the swipe up feature and different features and then cross posting it to Facebook well what happens is let me just give you a little hint if you're using Facebook you know that Facebook does not have a swipe feature we don't have it yet and therefore when you use a feature like and the swipe up just to try to save yourself some time it just makes you look like number one you don't know what you're doing and number two like you don't care about the user experience which I know it's not the case because the swipe up feature well that's Instagram language not Facebook language now listen this definitely doesn't mean that you can't use the same picture background text I'm just saying be careful when using extra features that are specific to the platform so there's a few features on Instagram that is not yet available on Facebook stories and so when you're across posting you know it just doesn't make sense and people can't interact with it now the fifth big mistake that I see so many people making it when it comes to stories is too much monotony you want to break it up now here's the deal it's one thing to get somebody's attention but it's another to actually keep it now here's the deal if you are using stories but let's say the last seven stories that you posted were just you know the same still image or a still image even if it's a different picture don't be surprised if you don't start seeing a decline in the amount of views and people falling off instead mix it up create like a little variety do you know text just plain text images do some videos maybe throw in a tip top here or there add some videos add some overlays just to kind of mix it up break up that monotony and allow your stories to stand out a little bit to again not only get somebody's attention but keep it heading to New York for Monica's birthday weekend here she is you [Applause] [Music] and I would also love to know like what some of your best tips are like what are some stories that you've either done yourself number one or that you've seen others do that really grab and hold your attention let's continue the conversation down below in the comments and if you haven't already or you missed the first or second video in this three-part stories series then be sure to check the description below or you can check them out like somewhere over there as they're gonna pop up on the screen you got some value from this video be sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe share it out and with that being said I hope you have the most amazing a day the most amazing a week be ultra productive and I'll see you in the next one bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sherribrowncoaching: What are some tips or things you've seen others do in their stories that have grabbed your attention?
  2. @angelicawatson9754: Hello madam 😣 i hope you notice me
  3. @omakablessing2067: Sherri you are super phenomenal when it comes to social media strategy

God bless you for all you💖😘
  4. @karishmadhir777: Sherri pls do live webiner vid us for QA session...love to hear frm u...
  5. @karishmadhir777: Love ur videos...pls make video on  the topic like what to start vid ..what should be our first step as a new joinee to network industry...should we start vid offline first or can start vid online in d beginning....what to post as as a beginner ....hope will get ur reply soon....thnk u
  6. @HAXX_TV: What do you mean we don't have the swipe up feature in FB stories? I utilize it by clicking the link on the top right corner and click on "Shop Now" it redirects our audience to our link.
  7. @marketingwithnaila4734: I loved Chalene's stories...so entertaining! 😄

- steal my native image facebook ads strategy (andromeda-proof): Kind: captions Language: en What is up, guys? Ian here. Today, I'm going to be going over my extremely complex Facebook ad strategy. Just kidding, it's actually really, really simple. This is the strategy that I use when I'm testing new products and when I'm testing new stores. And I'm also going to be going over my scaling strategy. So, not only are you going to be getting my exact testing campaign that I use to test new products and new stores and new ads, but you're also going to be getting my scaling campaign that I use when I have a winning product and I have a winning ad and a winning angle. So, uh I know it kind of looks a little bit confusing right now, maybe a little overwhelming uh just cuz this diagram, I don't know. I'm not the best with Miro boards yet. I'm learning still, but um bear with me cuz I'm going to make this look like a piece of cake. So, let's just dive into it, guys. All right, so quick dive into this campaign setup. As you guys know, in Facebook ads, we have three levels that we are working with. We have the campaign level, we have the ad set level, and we have the ad level. This testing campaign is going to be only one campaign. It's going to be one CBO campaign running at $100 per day. Inside the CBO campaign, we are going to have five different ad sets. You can see here, one, two, three, four, and five different ad sets. And inside each ad set, we are going to have five of the same exact creatives. So, you can see here, ad one, ad two, ad three, ad four, ad five under ad set three. But under ad set four, we also have ad one, ad two, ad three, ad four, ad five. So, these are going to be the exact same image ads for each of the ad sets. Now guys, don't freak out. I know what you guys are thinking, Ian, why are you using the same five images across five different ad groups? And I'll tell you why. Because each of the five ad groups are going to be targeting each of your five different sub niches. If you guys don't know what I'm talking about when I say sub niches, go back and watch the video that I linked first in the description, and then come back to this video because I explain exactly how to create long-form ad copy and how to do deep dives into your target audience to find different sub niches that you're going to be targeting with your Facebook ads. So, for example, say I'm doing deep research for my brand selling collagen peptide eye patches. And one of the sub niches that Quad generated during its deep research was middle-aged soccer moms. So, ad set number one is going to be specifically for middle-aged soccer moms. And the ad copy for each of the five creatives inside ad set number one is going to be the ad copy that we created for middle-aged soccer moms. So, I just drew up this diagram just to really break it down for you guys. So, these are just five random image ads that I just created with Higgsfield. And as you guys can see, these are the exact same five images. Only thing that is different between each of the five ad groups are the ad copies. So, you know, for ad group number three, you're going to use the ad copy for sub niche number three. For ad group number four, you're going to use the ad copy for sub niche number four. I hope that makes sense, guys. If not, I'm not really sure what to tell you cuz that was pretty much the most rudimentary way I could have explained it. So, you're going to let that testing campaign run for about 3 days. And after the 3 days, say that you have identified two winning creatives. A winning creative is any creative that is getting you profitable sales. So, say that image ad five in ad set number one is a winning creative because it's getting you profitable sales. And also say that image ad three in ad set number two is a winning creative because it's also getting you profitable sales. None of these other ads are getting you profitable sales. So, you can go ahead and turn those off. All that you need to do is leave on ad number three. If by the end of day three, there's an ad or ads inside of your testing campaign that hasn't spent up to your target CPA, just leave it on until it spends up to your target CPA. If it gets a purchase, then you can keep it on. If it doesn't, then cut it. Before the sake of this demonstration, say that we've identified two winning creatives from our testing campaign at the end of day three. These two creatives that I've circled right here. So, what we're going to do is duplicate them into a new campaign, which is going to be our scaling campaign. This scaling campaign is going to be another CBO campaign that we set at $200 a day. Unlike the testing campaign, our scaling campaign is only going to have two ad groups. One for the image ad variations and the other for the Hulk variations. And what I mean by this, let's take ad number five for example. All that we need to do once we identify ad number five as a winning creative is make variations of that same winning creative. Facebook has already identified that creative as a winner. Now, what we need to do is create different variations of that exact same image so that Facebook doesn't think that we're just duplicating that exact same ad, but it still has those same winning aspects. All you need to do to do this is go on Hixville Soul and upload that exact image and it's going to give you different variations of that exact same image, but it's going to register in Facebook as a completely different image. And the great thing about this is that you can do this with as many image variations as you want. I usually just stick with two in the beginning and then expand once I've confirmed that this actually is a winner inside of my scaling campaign. This example here, winning creative one is going to be ad number five from our testing campaign. So, we have the two variants of ad number five here, and then we also have the two variants of ad number three, our second winning creative, here. Then, for our hook testing ad set, we did the same thing that we did with the images, just with the hooks. So, we used the same images from our testing campaign. We just used different hooks for each image. And Facebook is going to recognize these as completely different ads because we're changing the primary text of the ad itself. So, winning creative one, hook variants one and two are going to be ad number five, and winning creative two, hook variants two, are going to be the hook variants of ad number three. And the best part about this strategy is that it is constantly repeatable. You will always have new creatives that are becoming profitable or becoming unprofitable. So, you are always continuously testing new ads, testing new variants, testing new hooks, testing new ad copies. You are never done testing, and that's why this strategy is so great because once there is a profitable ad in this testing campaign, you can just put it into your scaling campaign, and then test new variants. For example, say that ad two in ad group three just suddenly became profitable one day. Throw it into your scaling campaign, and you can create new variants of the images and the hooks, and then you have pretty much unlimited different profitable creatives that you can create. Key to mastering this strategy is going to be producing new variants of ads pretty much every single day, and producing good quality ads, too. Guys, I went even further in depth on this strategy in our weekly group call inside of my community, Founders OS. Inside Founders OS, we do weekly group strategy calls where all the members of our community come together and hop on a live hour-long call where I choose one topic about AI drop shipping to discuss and completely go over, and then we ask questions at the end, and all calls are recorded, so everybody in the group has access to those calls. If you guys are interested in joining my AI dropshipping community and get access to all of this stuff right here, the link is in the description. I'm running a 50% off sale right now, so you can get access for as little as $49 a month. I'm not sure how long I'm going to be able to offer that for, so be sure to get it while you can. It's going to be the first link in the description. But, anyways, guys, that's going to be it for my Facebook ad strategy for native image ads. If you guys use this strategy, if it works for you, be sure to leave a comment, shoot me a DM on Instagram, or something like that. Let me know how it goes. But, anyways, guys, thank you so much for watching. Be sure to leave a like and subscribe. Your feedback means the world to me, and I will see you in the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @allurixx-t1x: Bro please upload more videos . You're awesome ❤

- here's my $51,257/mo native image ads testing strategy: Kind: captions Language: en All right guys, welcome back to another beautiful video. Today we're going to be talking about testing strategy, right? How do you test native ads specifically, right? Some concepts we'll pass over to videos, but specifically this for native [clears throat] jazz, right? So I'm going to be talking about what we're testing in the actual like strategy. I'm going to be saying um how we're testing it, how much you're testing with, how do you declare a winner, common questions that I've had people ask me because this is my third time making this video and I compiled like the main questions that people ask me in both of those videos. I'm going to answer them in these in this video. So, you know, you can have your answer. Um when you start upping budget, when do you stop scaling? I mean, when do you start scaling? Um and then how much ads you should put out per week, right? And if at any point I talk about something and I don't fully explain it, there will be a video linked from like like some other video that I made talking about the subject so you can actually, you know, be briefed about whatever I'm talking about, right? So, let me stop yapping. Let's get straight into it. Right. So, boom. So much easier with another monitor, bro. So, first off, we got um just a few things that I like to say before I start just to help out people who are starting. This is a pack of ecom tools that I use. It's called luxury tools. is basically where you get all these tools you see here for $29, right? Chadbt, Claude, Higsfield, Cap Cut, if you're making videos, um, get hooked, where you can do product research, all this stuff is for, um, $29. So, if you're looking for something to actually use and not pay an arm and a leg for, um, what's it called? Tools, get this, right? And then recently, I've been actually putting you guys onto the Elixir theme that I use the the Shopify theme called Elixir theme, right? It's pretty much this. It's so much cheaper than Shrine Pro. All right, this is 175 compared to Shrine Pro's 350. And honestly, I pulled up one of the templates that I like the best. Mind you, this is a template. This is not something that you have to put in yourself. This is a template you could literally just drop all of your um um product details, product benefits, whatever. And your product will look like this, bro. This is what your product page will look like. This stuff boosted my CTR from a four to a seven. First week I used it, it was pristine, bro. So, this is currently what I use. I'm currently using to scale up my store. Um, we're we we're well over six figures in sales for the store. So, that's just like a discount, right? But let's get rid of that. Actually talk about why we're here. All right. Testing strategy. Okay. So, what exactly are we even testing? Right? So, first we're going to test desires, then offers, then angles, then landing pages, right? That's that's like the core four, right? Then after that, you know, once you're done testing all that, you have your winning desire, angle, whatever, blah blah blah. Then you can start testing market awareness and then also look into market sophistication. Right? So the goal of this is you want to find the winning desires, winning angle, and winning landing page. And when you find that, you could lowkey just spam that long form copy with a ton of native image ads. Find your winning image and then you're basically at six months. Like there's no other way to put it like like you're pretty much at six months, right? That's it's it's it sounds easy and it it's simple, but it's not easy. All right. the strategy when you understand it, it's super simple, but actually going about it might be a little bit harder, right? So, if you have not done research, and I don't mean product research, I mean manual research, research on on the product you're selling and and who you're actually selling it to, please do not start testing. Click this video right here. It'll explain to you how I do research for myself, how I look at other brands, uh where I do research, how I compile my research, how I use AI to do the research as well. Click this right here. you will need it because like you see right here, if your your ads are going to suck and they will not convert if you don't do the research, right? So, don't be lazy. Do not skip this part. Okay? But let's say you did your research, you do your manual research, you're cool. Now, you're ready to actually do the testing, right? So, how are we testing? First off, budget. Really big subject because if you're drop shipping, you're probably broke. Okay? So, if you actually want to budget and you need to want to know how much you actually need to start drop shipping, this video right here is for you. But besides that, right, the regular budget is a $100 a day for three days, right? And I put recommended because I had $50 a day for six days, but after like me going over this, I realized that a lot a big question is is can I test a lower budget? And I had the lower budget there, but I realized you're testing till $300. So, it really doesn't matter what you start with. You can start with $50 a day for 6 days or $100 a day for 3 days. It doesn't matter. In the end, you're going to spend $300. So, just get the product test over with quick and if it doesn't work, you can go on to another product, okay? Don't don't elongate the process. All right? $100 a day for three days. If you don't have the money, you feel what I'm saying, or you don't know how to spend the money, click this video. I explain literally everything you need to know about starting drop shipping and budgeting for it. Okay. Next, please, please, please, please, please, bro, have a stop loss for drop shipping. Okay? Do not be like me. I would be running a product and I would be 600 in the red. I'd still be going on the product. You know how dumb that is, bro? Why am I losing $600 on a product? Mind you, it's a failed product. You feel what I'm saying? Have a stop loss. At this point, my stop loss is 150. After 150, I'm like, I'm cutting this product, but have a stop loss between 150 and 250. All right, I say 250, and I usually wouldn't, but I thought about it a little And it's like if you're not at the point where your skills aren't that good to be able to diagnose, you know, what the problem is and fix it and fix it fast enough, it might take you a little longer and you might lose a little bit more money in the process. So 150 to 250, right? So if you pick 250, once you reach reach 250, cut the product. All right? Whatever you learn from that product, take it, move on to another product. But that product itself, cut it, go on to another product, and try to run that product up. Okay? So, you're going to start testing with desires, right? Um, there's a specific video I have on desires. Um, if I should link it. Yeah. So, after I finish the video, I I'll put it I'll put at at the end. You feel what I'm saying? But, um, there's desires are pretty much like what does your I want to say what does your avatar want from your product, right? And obviously, you're going to start with testing that because if you don't if if if you're making ads and you don't even know what the heck your avatar wants, your ads are going to suck. Okay? Because it's like you're marketing to a group of people and you don't even know what they want. That doesn't make any sense. You feel what? What was that? And that like that doesn't make any sense. You feel what I'm saying? So, we're going to start with desire testing. And this is pretty much going to be the campaign strategy, right? One campaign. My please listen because this is where everybody is confused. You're going to have one campaign. Okay? It's going to be a CBO, right? Let me also put um that's a sales campaign, right? It's going to be a CBO sales campaign. Do not do anything else. We don't care about anything else. We want sales. So, you're going to pick sales. Okay? Every single adset you make is going to have a desire. All right? You're going to test five desires. And because you're testing five desires, you're going to have five adsets. Okay? One desire is one adset. Okay? Let's say, for example, adset one has three images, right? You're going to test five ad five different desires and you're going to test three images, right? Hear me out though. Hear me out though cuz I know it's confusing. Just hear me out. Adset one has three images, right? You have the dog image, the cat image, and the rat image, right? It's just a random three images I made up, right? You're going to take those same three images. You're going to put it in every single adset. So, every single adset, every single desire has the same three images. That's all you need. You're only finding three images when when you're testing only three images. Okay? I'm going to explain everything later, though. The only thing that changes with every single desire is the copy. All right? Like you see right here, the only thing that changes is your copy. Why? Less variables. Okay? If the only thing that's different with every single adset is the desire, when one wins, the only logical reasoning can be because that desire is better. Okay? If you have, let's say you did three different images for every single desire. So let's say 3 * 5 15, right? You have 15 different images. 15 different images, five different desires. Let's say one desire comes up to be a winner and it's like, okay, it's making you the most sales, blah blah blah, whatever. You don't know if that desire won because the images were better or because the copy was better. So now you're like, okay, you don't know which to test. So now your your testing period is going to be longer cuz you don't know which is the winner. You don't know if the if the images are the winner or the copy is the winner because you had different images in every single one. If you keep the same three images in every single adset, that means that whichever one wins, it has to be that desire because the only thing that changed is the desire. Okay? And you're you're you're presenting your desire in your in your long form copy. Okay? So, your copy is pretty well like when you make it, whatever prompt you use, whatever, um you're just going to after doing your research, cuz remember you did that research above here. So, you should know which desires, put that research into Claude and be like, "Hey, give me five desires, right? It's going to give you those five desires. When you're making your copy and you have Claude make your copy, you're going to say, "Okay, make me a long form copy with the desire." Boom. Whichever desire it is, right? And then you're going to put those desires into their respective adsets. Um, I'm just going to put right here. Um, your long form copy goes, where does it go? Goes in the primary text. Okay, your long form copy goes in the primary text, right? Um, also another thing, if you're making long form copy, 2,000 words is not enough. People will read it. Okay? So, um, stop thinking nobody's going to read this, somebody will read it. Okay? So, um, after $50 is spent, right? Cuz remember, you're at $100 a day. So, about halfway through the day, check on your ads at $50 spend. If your link CPC, meaning your link cost per click is $2 or higher, your ads are not good. You need to restart, make new images, and make new long form copy. So, you're going to find three new images, and you're going to keep the same desires, but you're just going to remake the copy for every single desire. Okay? Now, if you need help with your ads, I have a video on setting up your ads right here. This is me actually going into meta and actually setting up a campaign. This right here is if you need a native ad testing strategy. So, it shows you how to make native native image ads, all that good stuff. And then this one is actually showing you how to make long from copy. I'm giving you guys free sauce. Oh my god, I don't even sell anything. Like this. I'm I'm going through this. I'm like, this is genuinely crazy. Right. Anyways, so this is everything you need. If you if after $50 spent, it's $2 or more. Restart it. Do it all over again. If you need help with it, go to these videos. I'm going to show you how to do it. Right. So, now you get to a point where it's been three days. cuz you spent $300 um or like you had $100 a day spend and it's been 3 days, right? Now, what how do you actually declare a winner? So, whichever desire has the most results/ purchases cuz you the results you're looking for is purchases, right? So, whichever desire has the most purchases or has the most amount of money spent, that's your winner. Okay? And I I specify purchases or most amount of money spent because you might have good ads and you know Meta is like, "Yeah, this one is going to work the best, but you might not be getting purchases." Um, so if you're not getting purchases, then you just pick the one that that's most spent, right? So common questions that I get because this this relates to, you know, you having good metrics but not a lot of not a lot of purchases, right? One big big big question I get, right? I have blank CPC and blank CTR on my ads, but I'm getting no sales. Why is this happening? Right? So, you have a good CPC. It's like a 1.2, right? Your CTR is like a 4%, 5%, 6%, but you're getting no sales, right? Your ads are doing the job, but you're it's not converting into money, right? Long story short, you have a bad offer, bro. Being honest with you, your offer sucks and you need to switch your offer, right? So, just so you know, you cannot move on to angle testing with an unprofitable offer. You can only move on to angle testing when your desired testing is profitable, when you're making money. All right? So, if you're not making money, if you're losing money, you can't go to to angle testing, right? It's just not going to work. Okay? And if you have good ad metrics and it's been more than 3 days and you have a winning desire and uh you want to start testing offers, okay? So, at this point, after 3 days, you know which desire is working. You feel what I'm saying? But you're not profitable, right? You want to start testing offers now. You're going to test your offers for 48 hours. And after 48 hours, you're going to check if you're profitable, right? If you aren't profitable, keep testing offers until you are. If you reach your stop-loss, move on to another product. Some products just don't work. Okay? That's why I said the stop loss. You might be in a position where you're testing offers over and over and over and over again. At this point, you've tested four offers. It's been eight days. buddy, you should have stopped running that product six days ago. All right, cut the product, go on to another product. All right, there's no such thing as a winning product. You have to make a winning product. All right, your your offer, your landing page, and your ads, that's what makes a winning product. Okay, so the winning product is isn't is it Oh my gosh, that study was insane. The winning product is not just going to, you know, magically appear on your lap, okay? Although there are some products that are generally like golden products where you could honestly have mediocre ads, meh offer, and your landing page low-key looks like a scam and you'll still make money, but those are far and few. All right. Usually, it's just, you know what I mean? You have to make the product work, right? Um, and then if you, you know, if you're testing offers, whatever, and then you find a profitable offer, you feel what I'm saying? If you're profitable, congrats. Now go test angles, right? if you need help with your offer, right? What even is an offer, right? Because people think that you just set a price for your product. No, it's there. It's a lot more than just setting a price for your product. You need to make an offer. An offer is just what your what your avatar is getting for a certain amount of money. You feel what I'm saying? How do I make mine better, right? Because you probably already have an offer. If you didn't have an offer, you wouldn't even have a store. You feel what I'm saying? Click on this video. What this video is going to tell you about offers, tell you how to make it better, tell you how to switch it up, how to just everything, everything about offers. You click that video right there. Okay. Now, another really big question I get, people who are unprofitable. You feel what I'm saying? Usually, because if you're profitable, you're not going to be asking this question. People who are unprofitable, they usually ask, "When should I add a landing page? Should I add one just to boost sales?" Before, I would say, you know, if you're close to your stop-loss, then just add a landing page so you can give yourself more time. Don't do that. Don't do that. I I've thought about it some more. Don't do that. Okay. You shouldn't be worried about a landing page while you're desire or angle testing. Um yeah, while you're desire testing or angle testing. Why? Because you should because you don't know what your winning desire angle is. So your advert is going to suck. Okay. So reason being your advertorial works best when you make your advertorial based on your winning desire and your winning angle, right? You don't know your winning desire. you don't even know your winning angle. So, you can't make a good advantage. It's just going to be it's just going to be extra friction from the ad to the purchase. Okay? Because your avatar is going to suck. All right? I'm I'm I'm being honest. You feel what I'm saying? You need to have winning desires and winning angles. Once you have both of those, and I promise you, you can make sales. You could be profitable if you do it the right way. You could you could be profitable from long form copy ad to to to product page. It's possible. I've seen it. I've done it. All right? So, it's it's possible. Okay. And again, if you're stuck, go to the videos I put above and make your ads better, right? So, if you're stuck, just go to these videos right here. Um, make some [clears throat] better ads because you shouldn't be putting a landing page before you do desire and angle testing. Okay. So, damn, it's a lot of talking, bro. I got to breathe for a second. Should have brought some water. Anyways, angle testing. Right, before we get into angle testing, turn off all your losing desires, even if they're profitable. Right? And while I was making this video, I thought about it a little bit. I was like, man, if you have a winning desire, I mean, if if you have a winning desire, obviously it's a winning desire, but let's say you have you tested five desires, of course, and let's say three of them are unprofitable and one of the like cuz you have four losing desires if you have one winning desire out of five, right? Three of them are unprofitable, but one of the losing desires are actually profitable. I was like, why don't you just keep it on? You know, it's making you sales. It's going to get really confusing later on when you're trying to find your winning desire and angle and you just have this random adset that with the desire and it's like it's just there. You feel what I'm saying? So, me personally, I would turn it off. You don't have to. You feel what I'm saying? Um, I would just do it just for organization purposes, but if you want to keep it on, you could just you can honestly just keep the adset on until the ads fatigue and then just turn it off once it becomes unprofitable, right? But yeah, that's that. So when you do angle testing, you're going to do it in the same campaign, right? So it's going to start off with you're going to have your first adset, which is your winning desire, and then of course your dog, cat, and rat image, right? The three images you picked. The copy you made for your winning desire already has an angle, right? Because a copy can't not have an angle. You feel what I'm saying? The angle is just a story that you tell. You feel what I'm saying? So put the copy into Claude and ask Claude to tell you the angle, right? So just copy the wind desire um the long form copy. paste into cloud be like what's the angle in this in this long form copy right and to find more angles uh you low key just ask claude to give you more angles but also put in your research right because claude will give you angles based on the research that you give it right it's you don't want to just give you random angles it will give you random angles like if you say give me angles for my product it'll give you some random ringy angles you want claude to pick angles based on what your research actually tells it okay your research basically is like a blueprint on what your avatar wants so if Claude knows what your avatar wants Claude will also be able to tell you what angles will work best for your product. Okay. So, when you're making your copy, specify to Claude that you want it to have a desire. I'm going to put quotations around here so you know that this is what you're actually telling Claude, right? Specify to Claude that you want it to have desire, whatever your winning desire is, and angle, whichever angle you're testing. You feel what I'm saying? So, now actually testing angles, right? We're going to talk about testing angles, right? So, the task at this point is to create three to five um angles for the next seven days. So, for every single day for the next seven days, you're going to be putting out three to five angles. Okay? If you're really on top of your work, you feel what I'm saying, put out five every single day, right? If you know you're kind of iffy here and there, maybe you're running another product or you're trying to run multiple at once, you got work, school, whatever, three is fine. All right? Do this for every single angle. So, this is basically what you're going to do for every single angle. You're going to put it in a new ad set. You feel what I'm saying? One adset is one angle. So every single adset has its own individual angle. Okay? So let's say this is adset let's say this adset two now because your adset one is your wind desire and angle okay let's say angle one cuz it's the first angle you're testing right. You're going to take those again same three images, copy and paste those same three images into um your second adset, right? Again, now that you know you have your winning desire, right? You want the only variable to be your angles, right? So above here, right, we said that if the only thing that's different with every single adset is the desire when one wins, the only logical reason, that's not even how you spell reasoning. The only logical reasoning can be because the desire is better. Right? So, fast forward down here. All the images are the same. You feel what I'm saying? And every single desire is the same. The only thing that's different is the angle. So, when one adset wins, why is it the winner? Because it's the angle. That's the only variable that changes. So when you see there's a there's a difference in in in spend when one is getting more purchasing when one is getting more purchases than the other. The only reason you could be getting more purchases is because it's the better angle. You feel what I'm saying? Cuz that's the only thing that changed, right? So just as an example, if you publish four angles in one day, you would have made four adsets. Simple. All right? One for each. And let me actually just say your goal for this I I forgot to add this, right? goal for angles is you want, how do I phrase this? You want one of your new angles to take up spend in your ad account, right? So, after the seven days, you're going to look, okay, did any of the adsets that I put out every single day take up spend over the winning desire? And if no, then your winning desire is to win. Let me actually put that, right? So if no other desire okay if no other adset um took majority spend from your winning all right basically if no other adset took majority spend from your winning desire adset then your winning desire desire adset is the winning angle, too. All right? Cuz like I said, your desire also has an angle, but you're not focused on that. You're only focused on desires, right? So, more likely than not, that's not going to happen. But, um, obviously, there's no oneizefits-all for this. So, it is a possibility. So if after those seven days you look at your account and you see that no other like because mind you let's say minimum you added 21 new angles right if after those 21 angles your winning desire adset still has majority spend and it's still getting majority spend it's the winning desire and the the winning angle. Okay so that's just that. So when do I start upping budget? Right? Mind you this is questions that I've gotten from other people and I just like let me just add it in here so I can answer. Right. When do I start upping budget? After being three days profitable, up budget 15 to 20%. Right? Just a disclaimer. When you're increasing your budget, when you're increasing like daily budget, especially on a low budget, so I'd say 100 to $500 a day, you will have inconsistent results. I I put you can have inconsistent results. Um, but to be honest, you're more likely to have inconsistent results than not, right? Unless you have a really really good offer and your ads are performing well, right? Your ad should start performing well 3 to seven days after being put up, right? Um again, 3 to seven days after. Okay, there you go. Your ads should start performing well again 3 to 7 days after upping budget. Right? This is just how meta works. You feel what I'm saying? When you're just starting out and your budget is like $100 a day, five orders can be sensational. You feel what I'm saying? Five orders could make or break whether you are profitable or not, right? But in Meta, in Meta's eyes, Meta optimizes for 7 days, right? So, it's looking for if it shows your ad to somebody one day, they're looking for like they give them a 7day period to actually purchase, right? So, on the dayto day, you might not be profitable, but on the week, you might be profitable. Okay? So just this in mind, let's say five sales compared to three sales a day or compared to two sales a day is nothing to Meta. Okay? In Meta's eyes, it's only it's it's it's only three sale difference. You feel what I'm saying? Two sale difference. They don't it's it's it's not doing much. You feel what I'm saying? It's only when you're actually scaled up and let's say you're doing 7 8 900 um a day, maybe a thousand a day in ad spend, right? Those two to three orders are not going to matter much and they shouldn't matter much because Meta is optimizing for one day view, 7-day click. They give you seven days to click, right? They're not optimizing for, you know, profitability every single day, right? So, that's just like a a mini disclaimer, I guess, because everybody's always telling me, yo, like I up budget and now I'm I'm I'm on um I'm unprofitable, right? It happens. That's just that's just the name of the game, right? Um when you're also upping budget, you can double budget if you want. Now, this is what I did. Um, if you actually want to see, um, on Tik Tok, because I didn't start putting on Instagram till like a month ago. On Tik Tok when I when I was first starting, bro, back in October, I was upping budget. I up I double budget two times in a week. Okay. Um, but I did it because my rorowaz was Jeff like my rorowaz was so beautiful, right? My break even was super super low and my rorowaz was actually phenomenal. Okay, so if you're going to double budget, make sure your rorowaz um is pristine. Like it's a really really good rise. So, in my opinion, two to five, 2.5 to three rorowise. Okay? If your rise is is at one of those numbers, you should be able to up budget uh double and you should be fine, right? But mind you, if you're at like $50 a day and you're at a three row, that's not that hard. You feel what I'm saying? Like, let's say your average order value is $75. $50 a day, you get two sales. That's that's already a three row, right? It it doesn't count. You feel what I'm saying? Cuz it's it's so easy to get that high row. But I'm saying if you're at like one $2 $300 a day and you have a three rorowaz, bro, you're green. You you you could probably double budget. You'll still be fine. You know what I mean? Okay, last two things, right? When do I stop scaling and when I stop testing and start scaling? So, realistically, you never top you never stop testing. Um, once you finish with all this, you can go testing for landing pages. Then you go test for market awareness levels. Then you test avatars you're selling to. Then you can test whatever you want to test. You feel what I'm saying? You never stop testing, right? And scaling, there's there's not like a fine line of when you start scaling. You'll just wake up one day and be like, "Damn, I was spending $100 a day. Now I'm spending $1,000 a day. I was spending $100 a day, now I'm spending $2,000 a day." You know what I mean? Like, you're just going to you're just going to keep on upping budget. Like I said right here, you're just going to keep on upping budget when you're profitable, right? You're not really going to realize it. There's no fine line when you start scaling. Yeah. You're just going to you're just going to keep on doing your thing, right? So, how many ads should I be putting out per week? There's no one-sizefits-all, but the best way I can explain this is how much money do you want to make and how fast do you want to make it, right? The more money you want to make, the more ads you produce. The faster you want to make it, the more ads you produce. That's it. All right, so this video is about 26 minutes long. This is the entire full updated testing strategy video. This is the best I could possibly explain it. I gave you guys examples, more videos for you guys to check. Also, if you need help creating landing pages, cuz that's what you do after you do angles, I have a video on advators and listicles. All right. So, you can click those and watch those if you'd like. Um, yeah, like there's there's not much else to be said. All right. I gave you guys the full blueprint. I'm also going to give you guys this notion. Um, I'm going to give you this entire document. I'll publish it to the to the internet and actually put the link in the description. It'll be I think the third link in the description, right? Yeah, it should be the third link in the description. So, yeah, that's really it. All right, man. You have a great day. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jitendra-l1u6u [1 likes]: Hello Sir AAron,

Is the copy of the 3 images within an adset same or will the copy be different for each image?
  2. @SamssVentures: Holy value, thanks bro. respect
  3. @groupchatgenius: Why whenever  you are testing angles do you test the angle by itself in an adset and not test the angles as the campaign with each desire as their own adset?
  4. @moaadk5804: When testing offers do you keep the same exact Ads or you have to change them?
  5. @dyllanx2: during angle testing when do u start introducing new images?
  6. @emmanuelchigozie954: best ecom YouTuber oat
  7. @abrahamlincoln2317: Bro U the top cheif man i hope achive more succes and thank u for the sauce as always keep grindin and keep shinin!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  8. @Willojmr: yo, i think the longform copy prompt is the outdated one on the notion right?
  9. @Definedbybre: I bought theme but they didn't send license how do i find license.
  10. @nakgna: 🐐
  11. @anon4873: Confused as to how the elixr pdp theme boosted ctr (click through rate) ? Did you mean conversion rate (percentage of purchases) ?
  12. @agentgooose: Yo quick question, when you are adding in the new adsets to test new angles after you find a "winning" desire do you add the adsets to the same CBO or do you make a new CBO whenever you publish new ads?
  13. @madebysammytoo: Aaron do you do strictly long copy ads? How about video ads?
  14. @SamanthaSalvaleonKal: Literally the goat
  15. @randomuser8427-o8u: Make a video on how much you affiliate farm
  16. @whateverc: Goated video
  17. @ntchakir2232: Bro, it's better to test Angels or Desires first because over time, testing Angels will reveal which Desires are the winning ones, since testing Desires costs a lot of money.
  18. @madebysammytoo: Aaron by 5desires and 3images do you mean, 1 product with 5 desires and the 3 images are the images our website?
  19. @madebysammytoo: I got luxury tools but none of the tools shown had showed up. How do I access them?
  20. @yoyooooooooop: Aaron, my question is: in your previous videos, you said that your ad groups wouldn't select interest-based audiences, but instead would let Meta's AI algorithm find the target audience for you. Why are you now advocating for manually testing interest-based audiences?

- How to Make VIRAL Ads That Make You Millions: Kind: captions Language: en This viral ad generated me over $34 million in sales and took the internet by storm. Look at this graph. It shows the cost to advertise on Facebook. Each year, it continues to go up and up and up, and things are only going to get worse unless something changes. And I probably shouldn't be sharing this with you, but today I'm going to let you steal my exact eight-step process of how to create ads that bully the algorithm, generate thousands of leads, and print profits with illegally high rorowes. starving. Yo yo, what's happening? First day of the massive sellerite crazy shoot. Going to be a big week. You guys always ask me what goes into behind these shoots. I see your ads following me around all over the internet. I'm going to give you guys the behindthescenes source this week. So, any good ad all begins with the research. Whether it's a written ad or it's a video that you're putting together, it all starts down with the words that it is that you're writing. It's what separates the pros and the amateurs. An amateur will use a template and they'll start to go in and just configure things and they'll figure out how to say things. They'll use hyperbol and a lot of buzzwords. What gets people to buy is really diving inside the brain of our dream prospect. What is that bruised knee? When you know exactly what those things are, you can speak to them in a very direct way. Marketers, they spend all of their time in the ads manager pressing buttons like little geeks thinking that's where the rorowaz is hiding. 80% of ad performance is done in the creative and that all starts with understanding your prospect and doing your research. But all the tricks in the world won't mean anything if you are constantly guessing what your customers want. I have something called the halo strategy and it is a worksheet where I am constantly keeping my finger on the pulse of exactly what my market wants. I'm looking at what other people are saying, what are the new products and technology that it is that they're buying. So, I can intimately understand when the market shifts, I know how to change my ads and my copy to specifically address those things. I'm not oblivious to what's going on inside the mind of my prospect. The reason why my first viral ad made me $34 million is that I spoke directly to my market's pain points. People had grown tired of other marketing agencies promising the world and not delivering results. So, I spoke directly to that multiple times throughout the ad copy. They said all I needed was a new logo and some more exposure. 6 months later, my entire marketing budget was submerged. Hey, you. Because all you want to do is figure out what are the pain points that it is that your market has and then solve them in a way that is unique. And the only way to figure out if you can solve it in a way that is unique is by intimately understanding what all the other alternatives are and all the ads that they're exposed to and what is it that they're seeing and what are the claims that other people are making. And a great place to find all of this information is Reddit. And basically what we're looking at is for anything that is a very long emotionally charged comment. We want people that have put a lot of thought into these things. Then what we want to do is take the exact words that it is that these people are using. We're speaking to the market in the exact language that it is that they want. So we have just arrived at Versace. We're here to pick up some outrageous drip. I'm getting this big bright red bathrobe. It's all these little details that make the ad pop and make it different. Facebook groups is incredible. A lot of these Facebook groups have anywhere between 80,000 up to millions of people in these groups that are posting every single day, keeping an eye out for certain things that they're saying, whether it's about other solutions that are in the marketplace, pains and fears that they have, or the things that they're hoping to achieve. Another amazing plugin to use is called discussions. It's a Chrome extension for Google. Allows you to go on Google and it will only show you results that are forums and that are discussions. And then you can go into those forums and again an absolute treasure chest of information. Don't just go to one place. Go to multiple different sources in order to do your research. You want to take all of this and put it into your research document. And you do not alter it. You just want to copy and paste the exact language that you can see. In addition to this, if you're already out there and you've got a bunch of customers, you want to basically do an export of all of your customer service emails. Then you take those customer service emails, you throw them up into chat GBT, and you ask it to tell you what are the top five common pains and benefits that people get from these products. What's a really key insight here is not to try and talk to absolutely all of those things. Try to boil it down to the one thing. Like they will all be symptoms to one problem that it is that they're trying to solve. And that's the thing that you want to wrap your whole ad around. It's something that I call the bullseye. It exists in every single marketplace. And when you hit it, it's what causes an ad to pull its freaking head off. But all the research in the world will go to waste if you can't hijack attention. Oh my. I am going to be picking you up, chicken. I know that I am competing with the chaotic blizzard that is the internet. That is the news feed. Think about your newsfeed and how wild it is. If it's just me in a normal setting, it's not enough to interrupt the scroll. You really need to be doing something wild. So, if you see a dude in an office walking by with a chicken in his hand, you're going to stop and you're going to click on the sound and you're going to see what is this all about. Got a visual pattern interrupt and then you've also got auditory interrupt as well. We're going to be combining both of them as just like that visual. What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] This guy, Academy Award winner, Matteo, the great. Seriously, look, if this all sounds like a lot of work, it's because it is. And I have spent hundreds of millions of dollars on ads to try and figure all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out. So, if you just want to get the cheat codes, well, I have developed my own AI software. I have loaded it up with over $7.8 billion worth of rorowaz, best performing headlines, CTAs, all of the things that you can imagine from creative to copy. You can get the link for that in the description. Now, back to the video. So whether it is a static image ad or a video ad, the lens that I always look through is how do I hijack the attention of my marketplace? So I want to think about what is the most outrageous visual grabber that when someone's thumbming through their news feed and they're having a look through, they're like, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is this thing?" How do we feel about the tackle? Uh, yeah, not too bad. Hit him hard enough? Probably not. No, I probably hit him a lot harder. What is this guy doing? He's running around with small people. He's wearing a bathrobe. No one does that stuff. People pay attention to things that are different. That's a good shot. The thing that you want to be doing is the absolute opposite to what everybody else is doing. And I know from studying the market, they're not going to be shoving chilies up their ass or running across Lego and wearing red bathroes. But patent interrupts aren't enough. It needs to resonate with things that your audience already cares about. There is two frameworks that I use to do this. The first one is a pattern match. You're thinking about what are the visual cues. What are some of the things that are going on that your prospect is exposed to every single day visually? When they see that, it triggers them. So, it might be if they're an e-commerce business, a Shopify dashboard. If they're a Facebook media buyer, the Facebook ads manager. What that does is it signals to people that this is something that is of interest to me. you are calling out to that person by using something that they have an identity to to trigger them and go, "Yo, this is something that you need to pay attention to." And so when it comes to this ad, we start straight out of the gate with really a pattern match. This is the algorithm secret source. Drink it. Everybody online thinks that the growth of their business lies in some secret algorithm hack that they just need to know some certain campaign structure in Facebook ads and all of their problems are going to disappear. What have we done? We have dramatized that to the absolute nth degree and said that the secret algorithm hack lies in Mark Zuckerberg's blood. And that I'm being forcefed that blood by little people. And I am empathizing with my audience. And I'm saying growing a business is really hard. Really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. It's like sticking a ghost pepper up your ass and walking barefoot on a trail of Lego. Immediately they get visuals of what that looks like. Then we go hyper specific, especially when you approach it like most people do through trial and error. So, I'm using all of these things to emphasize with my prospect that I know I know the problem that it is that you've got. The way that you can do this for your ads by specifically looking at that swipe file that you created with all of your competitors in there and look at the claims that they are making and understand that they have been made those claims before but still here they are with the same problem. And the second framework that I use is what we call a pattern interrupt. So we just did location number one, me and the little people. We are now at location number two and we're shooting a scene here. with my wife, with my kids. But even the best hook in the world will fall flat if your ad fatigues in a week, and you don't have any backups. Why are we doing so many hooks? And when you shoot a production of this size, you don't want to have everything resting on just like one hook. The way that I do it is I'll shoot 10 to 12 hooks for one ad. I might launch with one or two hooks, and then when those fatigue, and people think that they've seen the ad cuz they only watch the first 15 seconds, boom, we roll out the next hook. Boom, we roll out the next hook. Growing a business is hard. really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard. It is. It seriously is. This is simply to give longevity to the campaign. One week of production, you shoot multiple hooks and I'll be running this ad for a year, maybe even 2 years. When people are online, they're in a pattern and they know what an ad looks like and they know what to expect by what all of your competitors are doing in the marketplace. In order to interrupt that pattern, then it needs to be different. This is the money shot right here. Oh, we forgot the oil. It's got to be glistening. This better be organic. Is this going on YouTube or one of those other subscription services? Oh, this is only But most people think that the patent interrupt just happens in the hook that they can just say something outrageous out the gate and then that's all that they need to do. No, no, no, no, no. A patent interrupt needs to happen at multiple times throughout an ad. You might interrupt somebody's pattern to get their attention and to then get them to consuming your ad. But then as they start to go through it, whether it's written copy or it's a video, they're just going to go into zombie land and they're going to tune out and they're going to be like, "I'm in an ad now." And they're going to enter into another pattern. And just when they do that, then they stop paying attention. So then we need to hit them with another pattern interrupt to get them rehooked back into the messaging that we're saying. in that red Versace robe. Another visual patent interrupted. Patent after patent after patent interrupt. So, we're doing a shoot tomorrow in the office, King Kong HQ. Plus, we've rented out a cafe. The lengths that this guy goes to, they don't call me the internet daddy for nothing, baby. Now, you might be thinking like, how do I come up with all these crazy ideas, sub like for my own ads, how do I do it? Well, I'm going to tell you how to do it. Just like we keep a swipe file for all of the competitors and all of their ads, you also want to keep another swipe file and pay attention to anything that hijacks your attention. Whenever you see something winks at you, copy it, screenshot it, and keep it for future reference. You're going to be harvesting all the things that one, get your attention, and then two, all of the patterns that you're seeing coming up. You want to document all of those softwares, all of the images, the websites, the interfaces that your market is going to be exposed to on a daily basis. And you want to keep a folder for each. So you know that you can either use them as a pattern match or you can know what the the patterns look like so that you can then use a big weird visual to interrupt that pattern. But having a killer sales pitch means nothing if you don't know how to sell against all the other alternatives that have already failed your prospect. When it comes to putting together ads that just go completely batshit nuclear, you are not trying to sell your product. A very powerful frame is just selling exist out in the marketplace. And I did that on purpose in my internet gods campaign because if you skip over what they've already tried, then you lose them. You have to name it and frame it and then show them how you are different or they'll just assume it's more of the same. The problem is that most people treat every lead like the 3% that are looking to buy. Now, that's a stupid idea. It's going to zero because the chances are that this is not the first time that they've experienced this problem or this is not the first time that they've been looking to buy something to solve this problem. And if you just ignore that that they have tried these other options and you just try to sell your thing, you're never going to sell it. You need to be very very clear to the prospect that you understand all the alternatives that exist. And when you do that in a very clear and compelling way, you'll be creating ads with illegally high rorowaz and getting more customers than you know what to do with. Your boy is about to get zipped up in a body bag and swung against a tree by the man that's holding that camera. Very excited to do so. Great. And if you liked these principles, you're going to love this video that I made on everything that I know about marketing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @eamonshields2754 [1 likes]: Awesome stuff
  2. @Shubhh11.11 [1 likes]: yeah, and you'd share your key strategy here in public... right, nothing fishy about it
  3. @JonathanSmith-r4m [1 likes]: 9:04  just say dwarves.
  4. @JorgeMoron-x3q [1 likes]: Ma angas mag salita 300K lng pala followers nya
  5. @JordanRPark: No clue how this video does not have more views.
  6. @RudolphKiehn: This is so usefull, Thank u
  7. @janmalin5652: :medal-yellow-first-red:
  8. @Apfelkuechle: great but I don`t have your resources. How can I make an ad for my shopify?
  9. @AdamLacki-d1w: Bro the first 5 minutes alone are GOLD.... Solid advice thank you bro I hope I succeed with my online entrepreneurship... Just getting started 🎉
  10. @WillSlaton: ‘Hyper bowl’??? When talking about what to write and say in an ad?!? 😂😂😂 It’s pronounced hyper-bolly… LOL
  11. @slayerofbots: Pure marketing gold 🤑
  12. @SamanthaDlabaj: Actionable advice and a fun watch! This is the kind of content that makes you actually want to learn marketing.
  13. @readymade-videos: Excellent breakdown — too many ads forget the human touch.
In my experience, simple story-based videos convert best, even for local businesses.
Do you think authenticity is finally beating high production value?
  14. @advizeraint: Easier to do when you have a + 50k dollars production team to make an ad.
  15. @آرمجيدونجيشالشام: Bro why ru in my feed wasting my time promoting ur shit product that will make you richer
  16. @RemakeRelove: Love the insight and advice. Wondering how to apply this for B2B audiences, specifically professional services? Are you able to provide any advice please?
  17. @CandyColorsVideos: There is a typo in the ALL ALTERNATIVES THAT EXISIT frame
  18. @Youngmusclecoaching: Holly fuk. That’s a lot.
  19. @youngamomusic9950: I've created four shorts of random written posts on Facebook and the first one was difficult to record, the second reel was even more difficult to do because it was something new to me. the third reel was easier than the first one and the fourth made me a little bit afraid to post because I did it all in one day. I JUST NEED TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP ON ADS USING DISCUSSIONS
  20. @BeamWindowCleaning: great vid thx

- I Tested 500 Static Ads, Here’s What Actually Scales in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past couple of years, I have tested and created hundreds of static ads for seven, eight, and nine figure DTOC brands. This one, for example, has had over five figures in the past 14 days. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the co-founders at Fraggle, and we help e-commerce brands with performance ad creative. And in today's video, I'm going to be breaking down some static ads that have actually held spend. But most importantly, I'm going to be telling you why, what made them perform better than others. So shall we get into it? So let's have a look at this first one. The one that I mentioned in the intro of this video. This is one that we made for the black stuff. So one thing you'll notice here is that we are calling out core SKs of their main product, their soap. The reason that we do this is because the actual bars look fantastic on camera. But more importantly than that is that they're very recognizable. The chances are that if you're getting fed this ad, then you would have seen the black stuff at some other point on your social. And so when you see this, it's like recognizable straight away who this ad is for. We also know that these are some of their best performing SKs. And so we want to further push them. But if people have never heard of these SKs, then we break it down for them. Raw Irish honey, black pepper, menthol, peppermint, cedar wood. We're breaking down the tones because realistically that's the only way that people know if this smells good or not. Do you like the smell of cedar wood? Do you like the smell of menthol and lemon? cuz if you do, then you'll probably like one of these soaps. It's very difficult when it comes to selling something which is normally an experience that you'd have in a store. The same goes for like perfume and aftershaves. Very difficult to sell online. You have to sell on emotion and feeling and making people remember those scents. That's why perfume dupe companies do so incredibly well because in their marketing they can say it smells like i.e. a perfume that you already know how it smells. It makes the sale just that little bit easier. And that's basically what we're trying to do here by describing what it sounds like. We actually tested this with a number of different SKs and this was the one that outperformed the rest. Very easy, recognizable scroll stopping colors. If there's one thing you should take away from this ad, it's how important color is in your design cuz you can see that the copy doesn't actually play that much of a role. Clean crack offer smell so good that you'll distract yourself. Shop now. That's right at the bottom. The main things people are going to see is the soap and the color. So, don't be afraid to use block colors in your ads because I've mentioned in previous videos before, color psychology is a real thing and it does make people stop on the scroll and it is particularly effective in static ads. Now, the next one is probably a format that you've seen quite a lot. I call it the cartoon format. Essentially, we lean on AI very heavily for this one. We have what I call a headline image. In this case, it's a cartoon pizza with a big smile on its face that was generated with Nano Banana. And what we're able to do there is capture people's attention using the image because if we were to remove the image from this ad, the actual ad itself wouldn't really work. It would be fairly scroll pastable, if that's a word. But when we put the image in there, suddenly it's something that you might stop and read because the image is so ridiculous. This is where AI imagery really shines, I think, because it allows you to do things which would normally take a long time to do, i.e. get something like this like 3D modeled or drawn. You can do it in seconds and you can put it in an ad. And that image dictated basically the entire design of this ad because we went for this bold poppy poster style design and all that ties together. But the main important thing here is the imagery almost like a mascot. I see more and more of these ads all the time on my feed particularly for like weight loss and supplement brands because usually it's quite difficult to find images that work for this type of ad. Nobody wants to see yet another ad of someone looking depressed with their head in their hands like stock footage style. People are sick of it. So instead, you can get a little more fun, a little more entertaining with a headline image ad like this. And of course, copy is very important in any static ad. So we have big letters blood sugar hack. If you are struggling with your blood sugar, then the chances are this is going to grab your attention straight away. And that is at the top of the ad. So we hook people in with the weird mascot pizza image. The next thing they're probably going to look at is the blood sugar hack for people who hate dieting. And then they're going to make a decision. Is this ad for me or not? If it is, then their eyes scroll down further and they say, "Eat what you want. Watch A1C drop." And then they will judge whether they want to click on this ad or not. And that's why these work so well because the scroll stopping element of it can be generated in, you know, 5 minutes using Nano Banana or some other image generation tool. That's why this one has had so much spend and it's such a fantastic ad and I think our designer did an absolute cracking job cuz I kind of want to bite that pizza. This next ad is one that is currently the top in the ad account. It's scaling incredibly well and one of the main reasons is social proof. Social proof is at the heart of any good static and that is why this one that we made for protein.com works so well. We have the product which already is a very very vibrant product. incredibly vibrant product image as well. And then right at the top we have the social proof which is a kind of like fake looking comment. We grabbed one of the reviews off their website. We generated an image of a lady within the demographic and then we put it in this kind of frame that makes it look like a comment. Absolutely love these shakes. The weight is dropping off. You cannot get a better like case study of your product than that. And the best part is it's running in Q1, which is where everybody wants to lose weight. So, of course, this is going to work. But the main reason it does work is because of the social proof. It's right at the top. People see this and that helps justify the purchase. If it's worked for JS, then maybe it'll work for me. Super simple. It's a product image. It's a comment and it's shop pineapple coconut flavor. That's it. If someone was on the fence of purchasing, then they're going to purchase after they've seen that. And the results prove it. This is an ad that you could easily mock up in Canva in like 10 minutes. And that is the absolute beauty of static ads is that you can churn out so many of them in a day that you can be testing them all by the evening. Now, this static ad I call the headliner because the main focus on this is the headline. Life's changing. So did our gummies. Menopause support just got easier and tastier. We love a nice bit of copy at Fraggle. We love writing static ad copy because you can just have so much fun with it. And ads like this where we're basically pairing a massive headline with a nice bit of imagery is a great place to start with a static ad. This one ran a couple of years ago and I vividly remember it being one of the winners that we made for them. And I think this was a comped together image. Our designer took the bottle, they put that on a plinth, they put the hands coming in. It's a completely custommade image. Again, something like this now can be made in, you know, nano banana very quickly. Uh, but this was made completely by hand, believe it or not. But the idea is that your image supports the headline. Menopause support just got easier and tastier. The hands coming in show it's in demand. The flying gummies in the background, the color all kind of shows this like real yummy type of product, which is really difficult to do in an image. But I think again with the color like we mentioned before and the simple design, it makes the product look tasty. These are normally the type of ads that sit in like the middle to the bottom of the funnel and they just remind people that you're still there and that you still exist. They might be a big fan of this product. They might have forgotten to reby it. And so this is the type of ad that reminds them of that. Now this next ad is one that can be used for so many different niches and it is the collage ad. We all know what a collage is. We used to make them in our class all the time. You cut a lot of things together and you stick them in one image. And that is exactly what we've done here. We've divided the image up into a grid of four. In one, we have the product image. Mental cloud and unhealthy stress levels is the like headline we're going with. And then we have some key call outs of why the product is so great. Higher serotonin levels, reduce stress, better concentration. We have the product name. And then we have the order yours neutraburstvitamins.com. And then finally, we have an image just to kind of fill the space. You could perhaps put like a UGC image there as well for a bit of social proof. But the main thing here that we're doing is we're stopping the scroll by showing multiple things at once. A lot of the times static ads, as we've seen from the other examples, are normally one image, a headline, or you know, some kind of vary of that. And so by showing four different setups on the same screen will stop the scroll because people don't see it that often. Honestly, hooking people can be that easy sometimes. But again, let's look at the color of this. It's all themed around green because the packaging is green. The guy has a green top on with different shades of green in each of the squares. We're tying it all together so it looks like a cohesive designed piece of content. Your ads don't always need to follow the same format. Sometimes you can just make them look a little bit different. In fact, one of our clients, Sunday Swagger, does an incredible job at this ad format. They literally just show four images of different products that they have in the same static and those things rip. Now, we've got one more left. If you've made it this far into the video, please think about subscribing and hitting the like button. It would be incredible and means so much to me. Now, this next one is probably one of my favorite statics and honestly, right now wins time and time and time again. So, this is like the Instagram organic ad. We all recognize that font styling. It's from Instagram stories. And so what we do is we take a photo of the target customer holding the product just like they're taking a photo for their Instagram stories. And we then pair that with some copy. And the copy is divided up just like how Instagram does. And the whole idea of this is that it fades perfectly into the feed. People are scrolling through their stories at such a rate they don't realize what content is from who. And so they see this, they read it, and then they click without even realizing it's an ad. We've made these for so many of our brands. In fact, it's one of my go-to ad formats right now. You can even take this to a whole other level and you can whitelist or partnership this ad as well. That makes it feel even more organic. But the trick is here. If you have a product and you're targeting it at women, get a woman to hold the product in the image. It's the little things. But when a woman would see a hand that looks like their hand holding the product, they think it's for them. If they saw my hairy, horrible nailbiten fingers there, they'd probably swipe away. The real takeaway here is that the ads that actually held spend are the ones that had performance in mind when they were designed. We're not just going into Canva or into Figma and just putting a load of images together and calling it a day. We're planning this stuff out with scrolling through foreplay to find different examples. We're having a look at what the competitors are doing. We're having a look on Pinterest for great design and then we're pulling all that together to make a winning ad. And that is exactly what we do for all of our clients at Fraggle. We help brands profitably scale on meta with performance ad creative. And if you happen to be spending over 70,000 a month on paid ads and you want us to do just that for you, then you can scan the QR code on the screen if you want or you can click the button or the link down below to book a call. And if you want to see how I turn that example into a full system, then you can watch my other video which is exactly that. So you can learn how to build creative systems that actually scale. And until next time, thanks very much for watching. Like the video, subscribe, and I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RomaizaFatima [6 likes]: my only complaint with your channel is that you only upload once a week lol. i wait for your videos , pure gold
  2. @karingibbs3201 [1 likes]: This video was so helpful!
  3. @dr.24X [1 likes]: 🎉❤
  4. @lemonroti1991: Introduction to Static Ads: Fraser explains the importance of designing ads with performance in mind rather than just aesthetics (0:00 - 0:30).

Recognizable Product Ads: Using core SKUs and color psychology to stop the scroll (0:30 - 2:33).

The Cartoon/AI Format: Utilizing AI-generated "headline images" (like mascots) to capture attention (2:33 - 4:52).

Social Proof-Led Ads: Incorporating customer reviews directly into the ad design (4:52 - 6:18).

The "Headliner" Format: Focusing on a massive, punchy headline supported by simple, effective imagery (6:18 - 7:44).

Collage Ad Format: Dividing the screen into a grid to showcase multiple value propositions simultaneously (7:44 - 9:28).

Instagram/Organic Feed Style: Designing ads that mimic organic stories to blend into the feed seamlessly (9:28 - 10:41).

Planning and Creative Systems: Final insights on using research tools like Foreplay and competitor analysis to scale ads effectively (10:41 - 11:47).
  5. @SamOkaforNotes: Really love this add format
  6. @EmilySwift-d6m: cool
  7. @Karthikeyan-o3i4y: Thanks
  8. @KatharinaTippmann: I see a lot of Creative Ads for E-Commerce and how to scale it. How would you go for Ad Creatives for a fighting club with local target group in a small city with 17k  residents?
  9. @bahadr8762: Thanks a lot for the video, very helpful.
  10. @samehokiel: Good
  11. @AcesizOfficial: 🔥
  12. @jatin3711: Hi fraser, do you have static or carousel ad examples for ebook/info products?
  13. @eokw3970: How has "the black stuff" static shown at 0:09 have "over 5 figures in the last 14 days" when you used it as an example 8 months ago?
  14. @iusmanmirza: Would definitely going to try these design.
  15. @Presraps: That last one is amazing, definitely going to steal that idea! THANK YOU!
  16. @Balforth: Fraser, could you make a video for the less talked about thing in creative strategy? Which is the process -- show your outputs maybe make a sample creative?

Start at research, creating the brief for the graphic artists, and logging/recording that brief somewhere so you can review your winning ads down the line? Are there particular tools you use for this sort of pipeline?
  17. @Сергій-м4я2ь: I like content
  18. @АлекСашка-ч2ы: Very interesting content
  19. @Keti-i7t: Testing 500 ads is insane dedication tbh 😂 I used to think scaling meant grinding ads nonstop too, I burned so much money trying to “find the winner”, literally watched my savings disappear testing creatives that flopped. I was deep in that cycle, tweaking headlines at 2am, thinking the next ad would save me. It never did. What finally changed was when someone in a mastermind mentioned Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale and how it focuses on building assets first instead of gambling on ads. I stopped relying on paid traffic and built my own digital product using that blueprint, first month did 8k without spending on ads which blew my mind, now I’m around 18k–27k months and scaling feels calm not chaotic. Leaving this here for anyone tired of burning cash.
  20. @kevkhishviligiorgi: gem

- Image Ad Strategy That Made Me $40,000 At 19: Kind: captions Language: en What's going on, guys? My name is Will Rouse and we're going to be doing image ads today. Teaching you guys just the basics of it, the fundamentals, and getting a little get a little crazy, get a little extra sauce in. And I'm 19 years old. I had to become full-time. I've generated about $40,000 now in the past like year total. So, not that that's a crazy amount, but I'm 19 years old and I've been working hard for this. So, I feel like images have been a big part to me. They something I've worked on hard. So, we're going to start uncovering these black boxes. I'm just kind of ramble, give you guys all the sauce, and then this box here at the very end, we will answer some questions that the community asked me like in my Discord. You can go join that link in the bio. So, let's really just get straight into it. Understanding your customer. This is going to be like probably the number one thing about image ads or just any ads in general of marketing. Understanding your customer is huge because for one, it's basically everything. So, who is your customer? What's your unique mechanism of the product? how to speak correctly to that customer. These are all very important things that I'm going to cover really quickly. So, who is your customer? If you don't know this and you're starting making ads, then you're in the wrong spot. When you are making an ad before any process of making an ad, especially if you haven't done it before, is customer research, right? So, what me and my friends always joke about is 72 hours of manual research before you even start like designing the product or making ads or website, anything like that. So, you already know your customer beforehand. But, if you're just starting out and you don't want to do 72 hours of manual research, you're going to have a hard time understanding who your customer is. So, what I like to say is how to find your customer is Reddit forms. look at Google Trends and what they're looking at to understand them better and then go through that. Go through Tik Tok, Instagram, all those kinds of videos of that niche and that product. So, say you're selling, I don't know, say you're selling hats, right? You'd go through and look at fashion creators on Instagram and see what type of things they're posting and what's working well for them. What kind of language are they speaking? So, you know what the customer actually wants. That goes down to how to speak correctly to your customer. When you understand your customer, you just learn like how to speak like them. And when you can speak like them, you speak better to them, if that makes sense. Like if you're talking to a friend, you're going to talk way differently than if you're talking to a parent type of thing. You want to make sure you're talking to them correctly. And now, what's the unique mechanism of your product? So again, we'll go back to this hat. The unique mechanism for this, I don't know if you can quite tell, but it's corduroy. It's got like nice little I don't It's If you don't know what corduroy is, it's like a texture of the hat pretty much. That would be a unique mechanism. The hat looks a little nicer. Let's go to something that actually solves a problem. Now, what do I got in here that solves a problem? Um, banger, AirPods. So, for AirPods, right, you want something that fits in your ears, but you don't want a long tangly thingy that connects to your phone, right? Bluetooth. That's a crazy good unique mechanism. Understanding like how you're different. This is very similar to a marketing angle. You just want to differentiate yourself. All right? You want to understand, okay, my customer needs something different. They want this, they want that. You can also go look at the skepticism chart of what stage of skepticism is your product at when your customer sees it. So scale of 1 to five. If they see it, are they going to go, "Oh, this is complete crap. This doesn't work." Because they've already seen something similar to it. Then they're probably at a five. if they don't know anything about the product, they don't know anything about that market and they're just like, "Oh my gosh, this would solve my problem." You can make any claim, like you could be like, "Yeah, these solve world hunger." And if no one's seen that product before, how are they going to know? You'd have to teach them, obviously, and you got to go more down the line and you want to keep it related to your product, obviously. But the deeper into their skepticism, the harder it's going to be to sell to them. Then you have to be a better marketer and all that stuff. And now, how to speak correctly to your customer. Obviously, you just want to be able to talk like them, speak like them, understand them. That goes back into customer research. Spend what I do is 72 hours of manual research. That's not AIing stuff. That's manually going through reading different Reddit forms, reading different reviews on different competitors, learning everything about that customer and that product. So, now we know how to understand our customer. Now, we get into the actual importance of image ad layout. So everybody knows it. Color scheme, basic layout, strategy, volume of testing. We'll go through all these really quickly. So color scheme, it's very, very important if you are trying to brand your product good. You know what I'm saying? Like if you say if your entire logo and your entire website is all red stuff, don't make your ad like yellow. Like if they go from a yellow ad to your website and it's just bright red, it's going to throw them off. Yes, you want a pattern interrupt, but not in that kind of way. So, you want to like keep your colors together. Obviously, you can create like a offset of everything. So, say we'll go with what's behind me. Can you guys even see it? So, yeah, we got purple, and it's not supposed to be red. They just kind of died. And then we got green. That's just because I have this tree behind me, and I kind of want it to lit up. But if this was a brand and I was selling these, you would want your website to have purple, red, and green, those would be your colors. If you wanted to do, say, let's go back into here. If you wanted to say do blue and white for your layout, keep your ads similar to that, right? You don't want to just completely throw it off. And then with your ba basic layout, just something that doesn't look crappy. And I'll go into examples when we get into this bit, but basic layout like center everything. Make sure the text isn't like huge and oversighting everything and make sure it's all equally pleasant to look at. Obviously, it's it's very basic stuff. Like if you don't know how to do it, you can mess around with it. Take like I don't know if you make like 50 ads, by that time you should understand like basic layout. And if you've tested those ads, you know what works better and you'll figure that out as you go. There's not really a main way to do a basic layout. You kind of have to just test that and you'll understand more as you do it because it's it's like a basic layout thing and every ad's going to be different. So even if you are like copying someone, you want your ad to look a little different. The layout's going to be a little different. You can copy stuff obviously. Strategy. This is important stuff right here. Okay. If you are testing for any product, people always say, "Oh, image ads suck. I only use videos. Don't do vid. Don't do image ads because videos will perform better." Yeah, they might, but I have printed like I've done probably $40,000 in total and probably 30,000 of that has been from image ads because I just prefer making image ads. So, I I'll abuse them. You know what I'm saying? And you can outsource them really easily. You can do all that stuff. So people say that all the time is video ads don't work or image ads don't work as good as video ads. And I think that's complete crap because I I myself do image ads. I know tons of big people are doing image ads. If you look at any big company, they're doing image ads. Yes, you can compare them very easily to videos and say, "Yeah, videos will do better because it captures people's attention longer." But when it comes down to it, you got to do both. You got to test both. See what works better. if they don't work for your product and they aren't working for you, either you're not good enough at making them or you just need to spread out your audience a bit because image ads will work for every single product. This non-negotiable strategy when testing them, just keep pumping them out like three to five a day into your CBO and they'll keep recycling and if one ad dies out then you're already putting three to five more in a day. So Meta is going to figure out, okay, this ad's good. Give it a little run time. Then this ad, oh, you put this ad in today. Give that one a little more runtime kind of thing. Meta will do its own thing with that. And then volume of testing. Three to five. Just put in three to five every single day in a CBO. Like meta strategy doesn't really matter for you guys. If you are new to drop shipping, you could do a CBO campaign. This is what I personally do. CBO campaign. You adsets don't really matter in a CBO, but I like to add a new adset every single day when I'm adding new ads. And literally, if you're doing just image ads, CBO, a new ad set per day of adding new ads, and then three to five new ads in that ad set every single day, and then just keep adding more. So eventually, yeah, you'll have like five million ads in that campaign, but then Meta will know what to do with them, right? And if an ad's dying out, obviously turn it off. Meta is not going to do that for you, but you can understand. Yeah. this ad is getting way better results. Let me make more of these ads. And then you can test more and more and more. And if you have I always say this, if you test 500 ads and you haven't gotten a single sale, [clears throat] then I'll literally work with you oneonone for free until you make a sale. Because that's like if you make 500 ads, you're going to make a sale. Holy, my voice is dying. Just test test is all that matters. Okay, questions from the community before my voice decides to crackle out. We still got a few more YouTube videos to make today. So, actually, we're not going to do that for you guys. We're going to do this. What do you use to make image ads? As you can see right now, I'm literally just on Canva. It's really, really easy and simple to make. I have the pro plan just because I prefer it and I have been using it for a long time because my school actually had the pro plan. So, I'm like, "Okay, I might as well use it still and I have the money for it." But you don't need the pro plan for this. Like literally I don't think I can open the menus or I'll show you guys my product. But it's really really easy to use. Like design layout as you can see like all these different things. I just type up black text is really easy to use. Like look, we got all this stuff. I really like the effects like for this. You can do whatever you want. Make it look all pretty. Really easy to make your ads type of thing. And then how to outsource. So, this was a good pro uh good question because if you are like a big scale or you're just not like either if you're a big scale or you don't have a lot of time to make the ads. This is really important because you want to outsource and say, let me fix that really quick. You want to outsource and say, "Okay, I don't have the time to do this. Someone else can do it better. Who can do it better for me?" So, there's a few ways to do it. Either you can hire someone on Fiverr, which is really risky unless you have like a partnership with them, and that I personally wouldn't recommend, or two, you could go on viral ecom ads, and these are personally what I use for both outsourcing videos and images. So, you can see in their packages, they have static ad. We'll just show you this one first. So, they'll make you any type of ad you want. They've done been trusted by over 30,000 e-commerce stores. And where does it say? They've done over $30 million in sales generated for you guys. And the owner of Viral Ecom ads literally did drop shipping beforehand. Let's see if we can scroll. No, the owner of this literally did drop shipping beforehand and he did like $30 million as well. I don't know if I can find that for you guys, but this guy kills and it's like it's outsourced all your stuff. You take five minutes to tell them what you want. They also have AIGC. I've been doing this a lot. But then we're just going to go through stag images right now. If you want like say your product is Apple AirPods again, right? You send them the link to your website, give them any pictures you actually want them to use or they'll do like their own little AI that they'll find them online, that type of thing. Um, if you have a specific marketing angle, they'll do all that stuff really easy, really simple, and then it takes like 24 hours and they'll get you your ads. It's like by far the best way if you want to get outsourced for your product. And that's images or videos. What's better, images verse videos? I'll also go back up. I also am linking viral commands down below just in case anyone wants to use them. What's better, images verse videos. Again, this is a very like test them both because they both work really really really well. So, it's it's not a what's better, it's test it for your product. What's going to perform better? When you're at a big scale, both of them are going to work insanely well. When you're starting out, yes, one might be better than the other. Test them both. I prefer image ads and they've worked for me for every single product. What if image ads don't work? Then you're not good enough at making them. You know what I'm saying? Because they will work for every single product. If you sell, you could sell a rock and if that rock had a smiley face on it and someone thought it was cute and they go to your website, they're going to buy it. You know what I'm saying? It's just a matter of you need to find a way to show off your product better. That's a marketing thing. It's not a image ad problem. mindset when making image ads. This a good question as well. Test, test, test, test, test. Volume of testing is all that matters. Volume negates all failure. Be prepared to spend hours on a singular ad if you really need to. If you want to perfect it and be good at it and spend time making the ads and testing different strategies and finding different layouts. And I guess I didn't have an example thing here, but I'll show you examples anyways. Be prepared to spend a lot of time on drop shipping in your business. And I'll show you guys this right now. So, this is just um photos from my iPhone. I screenshot a ton of good ads I see. So, we'll go through them all. Comfort, if you don't know what this brand is, I have a Comfort hoodie right over there that I got for Christmas. Comfort is an insanely popular hoodie brand right now. They started out with anxiety stuff right now. And look at this. this hook comfort response to tariffs with up to 70% off sitewide, but it won't last long. This is when tariffs were huge, like June 18th. That was when tariffs were going crazy. So, they they made a trendy thing with that. Very good example. Let's go to this one. Um, this Highland cow. Can I zoom in? Yeah, this Highland cow stuffed animal. I don't even know what their special thing is, but I just see a lot of people like this. Buy one get one free. Look at how aesthetically pleasing this looks. Right? If you're interested in this, this is more of like a retargeting thing or like a very I already know what this product is. Let me go buy it for my girlfriend probably. Here's a really good example of a layout one. So, they're selling clogs, right? Clogs. Last chance 50% off sitewide. Add 3 in of height. So, they're marketing them as height boosting clogs. These probably weren't height boosting though. I might have done that. This might be my product from a while ago. So, pretty much it's very aesthetic. As you can see, the brand colors were brown on the website. So, I highlighted it with brown and then did this and it's also like where do your eyes go when you look at this product behind it. It's very aesthetic, but you go to this 50% off. And if you know this brand, this ad performed incredibly well. If you watch my case study on that Alice AI, uh, warning sensitive content, viewers may become extremely wealthy. If you saw this and you go, "Wait, how is that?" If you already, you probably would have to already know Alice to know that, but same kind of thing. This one, Chipotle, very very good because it catches your attention. This is a pattern interrupt type ad. This is a native style ad where you just see the problem and then this would go to the advertorial. This is a by what is it? Have they lost their minds? Try it for free. Yeah, I just I copied this layout on one of my ads and this performed very good too cuz I did supplements for a little while. But yeah, try it for free. That's a really good hook, but I prefer I did the layout of it. That's the kind of thing. So, I saved these for my layout. This is a decent one. I made a better looking ad than this because it's, as you can see, it's getting cut off. But I like their colors and I liked their format of the supplements. Again, this was when I doing supplements. This these new style ads right now. If you are watching this right now, as of like end of December, very start of 2026, you need to test out these new style ads. Same with this one. These are going crazy. They are working incredibly, incredibly well. So, doesn't even matter what the text is. Like, send these to an advertorial. send these to like a hybrid landing page for your product page. They will go crazy. And then um what was this one? Oh, I just like this hook that don't pay attention to that. Okay. And then Pinterest. Again, you this is abuse Pinterest to find like different ads. So, I used this to save a bunch of marketing examples. AG1's crazy. Let's find like a good one. So, uh, this is probably a sunscreen type thing if I'm not mistaken. I think that's a sunscreen brand. You kind of have to see the brand beforehand. So, let me see if I can find a good one. That'll make sense. See, this is a good like retargeting ad for McDonald's. Very aesthetic. You see the brand. When you are actually starting out drop shipping though, you don't need to brand it like that. Like, you don't have to do something so good. But here's a good type of thing. So before or after or like comparing these type of ads, you could make these so easily. Like this type of thing, ours versus theirs. These go really really well. If you can make it aesthetic, this one I don't really like. I don't know how well this would do unless you know the actual product. But type of things where you can make it very aesthetic, make it very clean, people can understand what you're trying to sell. That's all that really matters when doing this stuff. So, you just have to make your product look the best as possible. Give it to the customers in the way that they want to see it. Understand your customers. And that's that's image ads. That's all you need to know when you're starting out. Okay. So, if you enjoyed this video and you learned something, go subscribe, like the video, please, and share with any of your friends. If you need to try out Viral Ecoms, I link them down below. There also is a discount code. And if you want to join my community or my mentorship, it's also down below. Love you guys. Subscribe. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Izaac002: Hello brother how are you . I have learned a lot about digital Marketing through online resources . Can we make something valuable together because only thing stopping me is investment and together we can make something . I have coding experience too . Do let me know if you are interested.

- Coca-Cola | No Better Feeling - FIFA World Cup 2026™: Kind: captions Language: en We are deep into stoppage [music] time. Just a one-goal lead to protect. Oh, they must be careful here. And here's the cross. Oh, they've let it slip away. They are absolutely broken. But hang on, they are checking it. This is drama. >> [cheering] >> It's going to be in the hands of the VAR. >> [music] >> The goal has been reversed. >> From the brink of despair, elation. From catastrophe to complete and utter joy. They have felt everything it is possible [music] to feel. Football taking [music] human beings to places they hadn't imagined.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KaranTalwar98 [6 likes]: POV: You found this before the comment section became a stadium ⚽🔥
  2. @Partyandi [5 likes]: Best part is stranger things drink the Coke 😂
  3. @GospelbyPolepole [2 likes]: We early this WC
  4. @sasankanarzary2423 [1 likes]: vamos!!
  5. @DavidRichardson-uj7jd [1 likes]: 2014 World Cup 🏆 
2022 World Cup 🏆 
2026 World Cup 🏆
  6. @Hello-l5d9f [1 likes]: We all sipping Coca Cola in the summer 🏖️✌️. LOVE yall
  7. @SergioRPerez: Que drama!!!! Coca Cola.
  8. @creativeroommx: Un comercial muy genérico, Coca puede hacerlo mejor.
  9. @st_i_ve: 19th
  10. @algersonvincent: nice spot but doesnt have the feels like past years commercials have had
  11. @viktormarusic2483: YAY!!
  12. @LaeliaViviana: This funny for some reason
  13. @Svr2712: dios mio estoy muy emocionado de lo que llegara a ser este mundial 2026
  14. @RussellBanfield-c6n: Coca-cola, official drink partner of the FIFA world cup 2026. Only from coca-cola caribbean.
  15. @jynxyouowemeasoda5066: I feel like it's illegal for me to see this so early only 3 hours in and with like a thousand people
  16. @JbJivanshftbl: 78 th like
  17. @coca-cola6769: GUYS I CAN FINALLY RETIRN TO MY BIG FAMILY 😭😭😭😭😭😭
  18. @AlejandroMartínez-s5v7z: Coca cola el canal oficial de mundial 😀🇨🇦🇲🇽🇺🇸⚽
  19. @YairshiñoNovelo: Tsubasa Ito Tomo Coca Cola Tambien
  20. @hussienalsafi1149: 🙌🙌🙌🙌

- How to Change Facebook Ads After Publishing [2026 Full Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to change Facebook ads after publishing. If you've launched a campaign and realized you need to tweak the budget, refine your audience, swap out some copy, or adjust where your ad appears, you can do it directly in Meta Ads Manager without starting from scratch. First, head to facebook.com/adsmanager and log in. For the smoothest experience, use a desktop browser. Once you're in, glance at the top to make sure you're on the correct ad account, especially if you manage more than one. That way, the changes you make will apply to the right campaigns. Next, locate the exact item you want to edit. This could be a campaign, an ad set, or a specific ad. Think of it like a hierarchy. The campaign controls your overall goal. The ad set defines who you're targeting, your budget, schedule, and placements, and the ad itself covers your creative text, and call to action. Use the tabs or the search bar to find the right level quickly. When you found it, click the edit button, the pencil icon, next to the name. A panel will slide out where you can make your updates. What you can change depends on the level you're editing. For budgets, you can adjust daily or lifetime amounts. Just keep in mind that big budget jumps can sometimes reset the learning phase or impact delivery. If you're refining your audience, you can update locations, age ranges where applicable, interests, and behaviors. Be mindful that large audience shifts can affect performance as the system relearns who responds best. For placements, you can stick with Advantage Plus placements or selectively choose where your ads appear, like Facebook feed, Instagram stories, or reels. It's a good idea to preview how your ad looks across placements to avoid cropped images or cut off text. Within the ad itself, you can edit the primary text, headline, description, creative asset, and call to action. Keep your messaging clear and aligned with your objective and ensure your text stays within recommended character limits for the formats you're using. You can also adjust the end date if you need to shorten or extend the schedule. Once your edits are set, click publish to push those changes live. You may see a brief drafting state before the system confirms your updates. Facebook will review your changes. This is usually quick. During review, your ad may show an inreview status and once approved, it will resume or continue running with the new settings. And that's it. You've successfully updated a live Facebook ad inside Meta Ads Manager safely and efficiently without rebuilding your campaign from the ground

- Facebook Ad Algorithm Changes for 2026: What Marketers Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell kind of update. (Intro music) Today, I'm very excited to be joined by Tara Zirker. She is a Facebook ads strategist and consultant. She's the founder of The Successful Ads Accelerator, a done-with-you program that helps marketers launch and scale their ads rapidly. She's also the co-founder of the Studio Grow Agency. Tara, welcome back to the show. How are you doing? Thank you, Mike. It's so good to be here. Awesome. Well, today, Tara and I are gonna explore Facebook ad algorithm changes and what it means for marketers in 2026. So, let's start with why, Tara, is it so important to pay attention to Facebook and Instagram's new ad algorithm? Yeah. Well, Mike, the number one complaint I have heard, especially in the last few months has been, "I feel like ads are wasting my money. I don't know if they're working. Something changed. I'm not sure what it is. I don't know what to do." And the truth is, under the brand new algorithm, we'll talk about kind of what happened, um, but a lot did change and a lot of advertisers are falling-falling behind very quickly, and they will continue to do so if they don't upgrade their system to match the new algorithm. So- I love it. Okay. So, what does that- what does that really mean, though? If they- if they do pay attention to what we're gonna talk about today, what's the upside? I mean, they're gonna see a much better cost per result. They're gonna see... I mean, their ads might start performing, and I'm gonna share kind of a quick case study, um, a little bit later. Their ads might start performing in a way that they've never seen or haven't seen in years. Mm-hmm. Um, I've heard a lot of folks saying as they've kind of upgraded their a- their creative mostly to match the new algorithm's demands. They're just seeing numbers that they haven't seen in a long time, so that's really exciting. Not to mention you're gonna fo- future-proof your ads. You know, right now, between Google and Meta, these are the two largest advertising platforms that we have available to us, right? You have TikTok and Pinterest and all these other platforms. They don't even come close to the amount of spend that happens on these two platforms. And so, you really, really want to know and kind of keep yourself updated on what's going on and how you need to adjust and shift to these newest algorithm updates, 'cause let me tell you, if you're not advertising, your competitors will be. And so, you want to make sure that you're in the game and that you're reaching your ideal customers and clients in the right way. Love it. Okay, let's describe like the algorithm changes. Maybe we can talk about how it used to be and how it is, or wherever you wanna go. I love it. Okay, so in... At the end of 2024, um, Meta dropped us a pretty big bombshell on their, um, engineering blog. So, this is often where they start leaving breadcrumbs about things that are going to change. I've got a really big breadcrumb that I'll share at the very end about, you know, what's going to happen next. But they shared with us that they were launching actually not an update to the algorithm, a brand new algorithm, like completely new. And this was going to be... How do I explain this? Um, this was going to be instead of like, you know, the old way of advertising, which was you would have your creative and you would tell Meta who you want that creative to be in- put in front of, so targeting, right? You'd put in your manual targeting and all that stuff. Um, this would be such a huge algorithm update because Meta was gonna fully control the targeting, and they wanted you based on your ad creative to tell them who should be receiving these ads and where they're at in the buyer journey, and then they were going to use their AI machine learning to be able to match the ads with the creative. So, it's a- it's a really big update. Um, I was listening to Ben Heath talk about this and he said, "You know, it's kind of like Net- Netflix, right?" It used to be that Netflix would say, "Oh, you like cooking shows? Then we're gonna put you in this group of people who like cooking shows, and then we'll show all the cooking show people this, you know, feed of all the optional cooking shows." That's how they used to categorize. Now, the Netflix algorithm is so advanced that essentially they say, "Oh, you liked cooking shows, but then you also liked, you know, name your favorite Netflix movie. So, we're going to customize this feed to what we think you will like next based on your past, you know, preferences." And so now, that newsfeed is so customized to you specifically, it's not just this big category dump. And so, that's kind of what the new algorithm has done for advertising. So, it's a huge update and it redefines how we think about ads, how we think about strategy, and especially how we go about doing our ad creative. So, really, really big. I mean, huge bombshell, kind of Okay, let me ask you a couple of questions about this. Um, you said they hinted about it. We're recording this near the end of 2025. They hinted about it almost a year ago. Was the rollout slow? Um- Thank you. Yes. Okay, so then... So, 2024, they tell us, "Hey, we've got not just an update, we've got a brand new algorithm. We're gonna pop in everybody's ad accounts over the course of the next year." And we know, they let us know, that they completed that rollout in October of 2025. And so, this is very recent, that it is globally installed, every single advertiser now has the new algorithm in their account as of October 2025. And there's no going back. It is what No going back. Nope. Okay. This is what it is. There's still ways to work around it and there's definitely use cases where the new algorithm is not going to benefit every single business model right now. We'll get into some of that nuance. Um, so there's ways that you can kind of-... not be in that algorithm, so to speak. But for most advertisers, you're going to want to start using it, getting used to it, and also warming up that algorithm to your account so that Meta starts learning those signals and starts developing their data around, you know, this new algorithm around your account. So, it's very important that you understand it, start using it. Even if you don't use it as your predominant strategy, you definitely want to be giving Meta some of those signals so they can begin learning for you. Okay. When we were prepping for this, you said Andro-Meta ... Andromeda, I think is the word. Andromeda, you got it. A- AI-powered ad algorithm. Is that what this thing is effectively called? Yes. Uh-huh. And it's, it's gonna get even crazier 'cause we're gonna talk about the GEM update that they just announced, uh, i- on the engineering blog in November of this year. So, we have a really good idea of where this is going. I would say that this algorithm is kind of almost the middle ground between, like, all the Advantage+ updates that happened. Now we've got Andromeda, and we're headed for GEM. And so, we'll talk about that as well. Okay. So, um, in summary, where we're at with this Andromeda AI-powered ad algorithm is, it is effectively a algorithm that tries, th- and I'm not going back what I heard you say, tries to match your ad creative to whom it thinks is the best target audience. I mean, is that the effectiveness? I mean, is that it? You got it. And it's, it, there's a few more layers to it as well. I mean, simplified, that's exactly what it is, Michael. Um, I was just reading through, um, I love Jason Yim's, uh, Twitter account, or X account, I guess. And he, kind of, yeah, he heads up some of the client solutions at Meta, and he was talking about ... Consider it like this. Okay, so with the Andromeda update, also came a few other things including sequence learning and, um, Meta's new lattice system. But let me kind of simplify this. Basically, um, how he describes it, and I thought this was a really good description, let's just say that Meta knows that you bought a, you know, reservation, you got a reservation at a ski resort. And now your algorithm is going to respond to that by making sure that you see ads for ski equipment, lift tickets, ski luggage. I mean, the whole kit and caboodle. And- Sweaters, hats, gloves, everything, right? You got it. So, it's taking this kind of intent, like, oh, you know, if, if Meta can discover that you just booked a vacation, or you, you know, booked a vacation through an ad or something like that, let's give them everything they might need. Some new swimsuits. You know, I mean, it's just going to deliver the whole kit and caboodle, versus just this random, you know, selection of ads. So, it's really customizing that to intent, to what you've previously looked at and purchased, especially purchased, and what you might need next. I mean, can you imagine? This is, like, pretty significant. And I think a lot of us thought that ads did that before. And it i- that is not true. (laughs) Advertisers really tried to control that experience, you know, by saying, "Hey, we wanna target people who may have just done these certain behaviors and hopefully, you know, we're gonna, we're gonna, hopefully, you know, win some of these consumers, uh, you know, over with our products." So now, the algorithm is doing this all by itself, which is pretty insane and incredible. Okay then, um, I wanna talk about targeting. Is there any kind of targeting at all, um, that we have, and other certain applications where it does make sense to do certain things and not do other things? Like, I'd love to talk about that a little bit. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so when it comes to targeting, we are seeing, if you're e-commerce, if you are, um, digital courses, you know, things like that, that are kind of more, have broader, uh, targeting potential, we are seeing the new algorithm is really, um, if it's not out-performing on every account yet, I would assume that it definitely will be within a short period of time, once it learns your account and you give it enough signals. But there are certain, uh, business models that are not as responsive to Andromeda. So, we wanna think about, um, i- particularly brick and mortar. If you've got a business that is tied to geography, okay, then you're probably l- very likely still going to do manual targeting. Um, if you've got an e-commerce business that is, has super specific, niche product matching, um, it's likely that you're going to want to experiment with Andromeda, but we're still seeing that, you know, very, very niche sort of products sometimes do better with manual targeting. That means you're still feeding Facebook, um, and Instagram, you know, Meta, you're still feeding them the signals on who they should be targeting. Um, likewise, if you're like, a really niche service provider with like, regulated boundaries or, or things like that. Um, but I would say mostly, mostly, if you need to be targeting within a certain geography, we've seen it time and time again, where advertisers, you know, maybe it's a spa out of Milwaukee, and they give Meta the ZIP codes that they want to be targeting, that's their preference, they're, you know, using the Advantage+ and all of that, but then it, i- all of a sudden, they're getting calls from New York or LA. (laughs) And so you really, really have to, you know, take it out of the Andromeda algorithm, meaning you're doing the manual targeting and you're letting the algorithm kind of, you know, you're, you're really setting the perimeters. Now, what I wanna say is, a lot of people are going to say that, "Well..."... I'm special and my account, you know, never would they ever find my ideal target I was gonna go there 'cause there's a lot of people listening right now- Yes. ... who are media buyers and they're like, "No, it's not going to be as good as me," right? So go ahead and... (laughs) 100%. And, you know, I'll use ourselves as a use case. We started opening up to broad targeting, um, you know, back when Advantage+ was kinda coming online. We decided to start experimenting. At first, it didn't do well and now, I mean, it definitely outperforms most interest-based targeting that we can give it. And so, you know, we just say h- like, "Just go to town." I mean, here, th- here's the entire country we w- we wanna target and, um, you know, no age selection or very minimal age selection, no gender selection, no interests. Just go to town. And you know we're looking for small business owners, typically are spending less than $5,000 per month on their ads. I mean, it's a very specific niche and Meta does it better than we could ever do at this point. So the, the machine learning is just... It's beyond what... You know, we used to be able to gamify so many things, and I would say we're well beyond that at this point. Um, again, with the exception of, you know, real... I mean, genuinely super specific niches or, like, geography-based businesses. Now, I'm asking this question not as someone who does ads, so I'm, I'm ignorant, okay? So anybody who does ads, forgive me for this, but you said that once it learns your account and you give it enough signals, it can, it can... It, it's very good. What does that mean? How does it learn your account and how do you give it signals? Yeah, so this is where you start using... Um, so how do you use this algorithm, I guess, is, is also kind of a foundational- Yeah. ... question we should answer, and basically, that means you're using the Advantage+, uh, toolkit, right? You're advan- Advantage+ targeting. Um, you're doing all the Advantage+ placements, just kind of like that. You're just giving the algorithm full control. Behind the scenes, what happened to Advantage+ is it got this massive upgrade with the Andromeda update, or not even update, Andromeda algorithm, okay? And so if you're using that, you're already using the algorithm. And some people will say it took a little bit of time. Um, oh, gosh, I wish, Mike, that I had a specific dollar amount. For some people, they start seeing results, you know, in as soon as a few hundred dollars, like three to five, six hundred bucks. For others and, you know, for some of our bigger accounts, it definitely has taken several thousand dollars even, you know, up into like $10,000, $15,000, before we really started seeing the algorithm outperforming anything that we could do manually. So I wish there was something specific I could tell you, except, you know, I would say start with 10 to 20% of your budget, and if you're not already using some of these, you know, Advantage+, that's kind of how you access it, right? If you're not already using some of these Advantage+ , um, features, then start doing that and, you know, be patient with it and give it more time than you normally would, um, before you call something a loser and turn it off and just see if it starts to pick up. And I can almost guarantee eventually it will. Interesting. Okay. So what I, what I'm hearing you say is split test it, right? Yeah. Create a, create a, um, copy, for lack of better words, of the very same thing except turn on this, um, Advantage+ thing that you were talking about, which comes with Andromeda, and just see if it outperforms. And if it's not outperforming, you need to give it a little bit more time. So I would imagine if you spend a lot of money, it's probably gonna take a decent amount of money to kinda get it, but, but once it outperforms, it kind of becomes a benefit, right? Because- Oh, yeah. ... you'll, you'll end up saving money in the long run, right? Is that what I'm hearing you say? A lot of, lot of money, yeah. Um, and we'll kinda... When we... Especially as we get into the gem, um, update that's coming next, I'll tell you what some of those early performers are, but we are seeing, you know, when the algorithm does kind of pick up in your account, it can be a significant cost savings for sure. Let's talk about creative because I know this is- ... really a big part of this. Kind of exp- explain why the creative matters now more than ever. So creative is the heart and soul of wasted money (laughs) right now on Me- So if you are wasting money, it is from your creative. It's not your targeting. It's not your... You know, it could be a little bit of your strategy, but I will say I would s- I would, I would say 90% of cases, it's probably going to be from your creative, which actually is your strategy or should be 90% of your strategy right now. You know, the way you're setting up ads, I would say as long as you're setting up for leads or sales, you know, as long as you're following the basics of kind of good ad setup, uh, protocols, you're, you're gonna... The, the algorithm is very flexible with how many campaigns. You know, one thing I'll, I'll share there is, like, a more simplified structure we're seeing work really well. Um, even some advertisers have been able to stop retargeting altogether and just kind of pull it all into one campaign because Meta is just getting that good. They can tell if they should be retargeting, uh, you know, or if they should be delivering ads that would be geared more towards retargeting and things like that. So a more simplified structure, but most of the time, the problem with wasted money at this point is creative. And so you want to n- What do you need to know about Andromeda is you need a diversity of creative. So Mike, you know how we used to create an image, let's just say a static image, and then we would swap out the, you know, the headline on that image, and we'd swap out the, the colors and all of this? Or you would have somebody, you know, make a, a selfie talking head video or, um, you know, maybe, like, UGC, right? And then you would just swap out the hooks and the first few seconds of that video and you would diversify your creative portfolio that way. Meta is actually punishing that system now, okay? So your CPMs are going to go up if you're not giving it enough...... creative diversity. So that means, you know, the single image I just described where we're just swapping the headline, they're going to view that almost, you know, it's not exactly this way, but they're kind of viewing it as one image. Like, they're saying there's really nothing here that's different or unique. And the video- Wait. Just, just so we're clear, so if you have an image- Yep. ... let's say a beautiful shot- ... of someone with your product and you just change the text on the image, as far as the model is concerned, it's exactly the same. 100%. And so even though those are different, right, and you do need to continue to test those hooks, in terms of how the algorithm is rewarding accounts, it's rewarding creative diversity, not slight tweaks on creative with the s- kind of same, you know, central theme, if that makes sense. And so- You know, I think I have a r- I think I know why. I'm gonna hypothesize here. Why? The human eye is really good at recognizing pictures. And when it's, feels like it's seen that image before, it's going to discount it. Could that be what's going on? Because I know- I love it. ... I'm seeing ads over and over again, and like- Yeah. ... when they're different, uh, they feel new, but when they're not, they feel old. Could that be part of what's going on here? I think you're spot on with that. And playing... So if you kinda think through that, right, you wanna be thinking about a, a whole library of, of kind of categories here. Number one, you wanna be thinking in different angles, right? So you wanna, when you're thinking about your copy or, um, your creative angles of your ads, you wanna be thinking about pain points, pleasure, testimonial, curiosity, questions, right? When you think about, um, variations of, like, copy length, you wanna be thinking super short, short, medium, long, even blog length, um, in, in length, right? So really, really long. Um, last year, I was sitting in the audience at a live social media marketing world, um, both as a presenter and also it's just wonderful to learn from colleagues and everything. I remember Molly Pittman saying, "You wanna think of your copy as, you know, uh, with your ads, as kind of how we used to do SEO, um, blogging," right? So that algorithm is picking up on those signals of what is in your ad, um, you know, what are the key words in there, and where is that person in the buyer's journey. And so this is becoming very sophisticated, right? So you're thinking about all these different angles. And now when you think about your images and your videos, you wanna be thinking static imagery, short form raw videos, UGC, founder selfie type videos, polished videos, so a little bit of production quality, um, GIFs, carousels. By the way, carousals, there's a breadcrumb for everybody, carousals are very hot right now. Um, memes. You wanna think about static imagery. Remember that 60 to 70% of conversions on Meta still happen with static, uh, imagery. People are always shocked when they hear that stat. They think everything is surely switched to video. Um, you know, but Meta's own reporting is showing that, you know, what's really trending right now and, uh, the end of, you know, here we are 2025, is we're back to carousals. And so that's also trending in ads. Um, text only creative, right? Where maybe you don't even... you skip the image and you just have a static image with just pure text. And so, um, these are things that we see really trending. But the, the most important piece there to note is you want a diversity of these things. So you don't just want to fill your account with, you know, tons of static photos even if they're different, because Meta doesn't view that as a full enough library. You know, one stat that we saw was, um, uh, would have been Q1 I believe of this year, and I'm c- kind of just pulling this from memory, but Meta had shared that they had one million advertisers that had created with the new kind of AI tools that they had been releasing, um, 50 million variations of ads. And the reason this is so important for Andromeda is it needs a very rich and diverse library to pull from so that it can match. Again, if it's, if it's trying to match somebody's exact buyer's journey, then it can't just have two or three angles that are servicing someone who, you know, has very high intent and they're, they're ready to buy right now. It needs to service other angles, such as maybe somebody who, um, isn't even problem aware. So we gotta make them problem aware before we can even let them know what the solution is, right? And so it's, it's targeting all of these different points of the buyer's journey, and you've got to give Meta a lot to work with so you make sure you're getting that whole journey represented in your creative library. We're gonna share an example here, uh, from one of your clients in a minute, but for those of you that, uh, run agencies, um, this should be music to your ears because while you might not have a lot of work to set up all the targeting and stuff, you have an incredible opportunity to, to, to, to create all the creative. Am I right? Because this is, this is a overwhelming task for a lot of businesses, right? 100%. I would say that is where you want to position your value right now. As an agency owner or freelancer, if you're, if you're working on ads, you wanna be thinking about, you know, something that we're talking about a lot is, what is the avatar? And then, uh, you know, m- many businesses often have a couple different avatars. And then what are all of the points of their journey? And you wanna be designing, um, ads, and, you know, again, using that diversity, eh, of your creative library, you wanna be designing ads for every single point of that journey. C- So really thinking through that is going to give your client so much additional value. And I would think, where this could get really, really interesting is, for those of you that do email marketing and you have some winners there, you've got some great copy that you could potentially, like, use, like your best performing emails, especially if they have images inside of them, um, could be very, very valuable to add to the fodder, like if you send a lot of emails. In addition, AI, I would imagine, could be exceptionally valuable here. Like if you set up a really good cloud project and/or you use, uh, Gemini, um, Gemini Nano Banana Pro is ridiculously good. I mean like (laughs) , um, just little aside, I took my logo, uh, for AI Business World, which is our conference, and I dr- uploaded it as a PNG into, um, Gemini. Uh, you have to have a Workspace account, and I asked it to, um, add it to a coffee cup in a cafe. First iteration looked beautiful. Had a spoon there, a little reflection coming on the thing. Then I said, "Animate," and it created a little 10-second, and it had a guy get up and walk away that was in the background. It had a minivan kinda come by in the window. I mean, I totally coulda just used that as an ad if I wanted to, and, um, nobody woulda known. And I would imagine Meta has no problem with you using AI in your ad, uh, image creation and videos. Am I right or wrong on that? You're right, and I, I saw that image, Mike, and I couldn't believe, um, you posted that, I think, on your, your Facebook, right? It was... I was like, "This is a first draft?" I mean, so unbelievably good, and 1,000%, Meta is not only hoping you'll do that, they're encouraging you with their own AI tools on platform too, and that is literally to produce more creative because the new algorithm, it, it's not gonna function well without enough creative, so they had to kind of solve that pain point of, you know, we want to, um, uh... Who was it? It might've, might've been Jason, um, again who, you know, kind of... He, he made a point that this new algorithm is like, if you're just walking through a mall, you know, just browsing through a mall, who can predict which store you're going to go into and which product you're going to buy? And this is what the new algorithm is trying to do. It can only do it, and so, if it has enough creative, and so the solution there was to add to the platform all of these creative iteration tools, all the AI-generated tools that we have. Um- Uh, you ha- you have an example of someone that you're working with? Let's hear that story. Yeah, so this is actually one of my good friends, Carina Gardner. She owns a training company for creatives, like, um, folks who, you know, have art degrees and amazing creative talents who wanna turn their art into a business, and she's always done, and she does her own ads. Um, you know, she and I are always nerding out about ad stuff, and she has always done these, like, awesome paid design boot camps. And so, in October, in September, October, by the way, we have heard anecdotally across the industry, including from some of our, um, favorite Facebook people, were really rough months inside of the platform. I think as the algorithm, you know, finally did get installed on everyone's accounts, there's always an adjustment period, and I can't tell you how many just conversations I've had with so many colleagues saying, you know, they were experiencing the same thing. So, she had experienced a spike in her costs uns- you know, numbers she hadn't ever really seen on her account, and she said, "Listen, I had my top-performing video reels, same copy." She sent me a couple voice memos, we talked back and forth, and I gave her one of my recipes that has been exceptionally responsive to the new algorithm. I'm gonna share it with everyone here today, too. And she said her cost went from $86 per conversion, this is for a paid boot camp, uh, ticket, and she said, um, within, it was within like 24 hours, um, she added one carousel, three images. She used a lot of the generative AI, um, options that Meta gave her, and she had, you know, she just added a total of eight creatives. So we're not talking, like, you know, dozens of creatives here. We... She just diversified her, her creative library, and she used a specific formula that I'm gonna share, and her costs went down to $13.87. In fact, that was one of her records, and she's like, "I can't believe it. I thought the ads were completely broken for me forever." Like, "The algorithm doesn't like my account." It, you know, like, "What is going on? Can I fix this?" And this was, you know, a two-minute thing it took her to do. She had to create the things, but setting up the new, her new kind of campaign structure took her just a couple of minutes and saved her so much money, and so we're kind of seeing that across the board, um, you know, when you really play with this algorithm in the way it wants us to work with it, you're going to experience, you know, you're gonna experience some really good things on there. I love it. Feel free to share that formula that you were talking about. Okay, so this is, we call it our DCP, our dynamic creative formula. Funny enough, this is a formula that we actually, um, you know, kind of, we always, you know, as we create these recipes or formulas, it's, it's based on, you know, typically hundreds of thousands of dollars of ad spend, so we're A/B testing, A/B testing, you know, kind of putting together what's working, and then, of course, you can't just do that on one account. You've got to test this across a variety... You know, our, our company, um, our training, uh, company, we serve a variety of industries and business owners and things like that.So then you gotta, you know, test this stuff and make sure there's consistency across different industries and sectors and, you know, funnel types and all the things. And so we created this for, you know, quite a while ago for one of the newest, um, algorithm updates when everything started switching to Advantage+. We started seeing some really strong trends with, um, how the algorithm was reacting and now that we're, you know, we're here with Andromeda and we're going towards gems, we actually only see this formula getting better and better with age, which is really cool because that doesn't usually happen. Usually you have to, you know, rework things, uh, quite a bit. So you want to, when you are setting up for leads, you're gonna select, at the ad set level, something called the Dynamic Creative. It's a little toggle switch, and that is in your ad set. And if you're doing this for sales, then you are going to click at the ad level something called Flexible Creative. Okay? So they're called different things but they kind of react the same way, but basically what it allows you to do is to combine a bunch of creative into one ad. So instead of testing creative individually, you're combining it all into one ad. Okay, so you're, you've toggled that on and now you're going to add in, and you can experiment on your account, we see this formula being, you know, pretty consistently fabulous across, again, a huge diversity, different account types, different business types, et cetera, um, but you can experiment here with what's gonna work for you, but basically you want to max out the images, videos, and GIFs, okay? And I always recommend, you know, 50% images, 50% videos, um, is kind of a good mix there if you can do it. If you don't have enough videos, then that's fine. You just wanna put as many images as you can, and ideally these are top performers. So you can do creative testing this way, um, in fact we do have you set up in a way that, you know, kind of reflects this pretty closely. Um, but if we're, if we're just, y- if we're just kind of experimenting with this new feature, I would highly recommend that you just do your top performers if you've got that many. Then from there you're going to put in two variations of primary text. I recommend something that is short and medium in length, okay? So that's gonna be your starting kind of experiment. Two of your top performing headlines, and then whichever call to action makes the most sense, and then from there you can turn on all or you can read through and select any of the generative AI that suits your brand, and of course you can edit any of those and whatnot. I always say you wanna really look at those AI iterations and just make sure that they're on Explain what that is for people that don't know what you're talking about. What was that? Explain what that is, that generative AI use. Wow, okay. So when you put in your copy, Meta is going to give you a bunch of different variations of both your, um, primary text as well as your headlines, and so they're going to say, uh, you know, they'll give you, like, 10 variations and you can select which ones kind of work for you. And remember, you can always edit those but always read through them because sometimes, you know, especially if you're in a sensitive category, um, not a formal sensitive category... Well, anyways, there's formal sensitive categories with Meta but, you know, anything that is, uh, highly regulated and things like that, sometimes the AI generated, uh, generated copy can, you know, doesn't always, uh, suit compliance and things like that. So just make sure you read through it, makes sense, that sort of thing. Um, and then from there, so then you're going to go ahead and launch that. So this is like you just took all of these top, ideally top performers, you put them into one, you know, kind of delivery rocket ship and now Meta is going to go and test all of these different combinations. And here's the thing that you wanna know, is that it's not going to spend equally across your, your, um, creative, uh, variations there. So, um, just know it's going to pre-select which ones it thinks is going to be the winner. People always get super bugged by that; it's just kind of the, the way it goes. You can always do your own A/B testing that is, you know, much more, um, you know, you have the constraints of you have to force this amount of budget to this ad and things like that, but I will tell you that this typically outperforms anything that you'll do manually at this point. So we call that our Dynamic Creative Formula, the DCP, um, or Dy- Dynamic Creative Protocol. It is so, so good and it's only getting better with time. Uh, a couple clarifying questions on the AI front. Is it mostly text that, uh ... Or do they actually create AI images also? Yeah, so that is, that is where things are headed for sure. So right now when you upload that creative, it will give you, um ... And depending on your account, there's a lot of beta testing I see all the time across all the different accounts that we have access to. But right now there is generative AI that will, you know, crop things for you, it'll place headlines, it'll animate things, um, and we, er- at this point we recommend turning all of that on so when you upload your images and, or your videos, all of that, you're gonna see those options. Turn those on, um, those are fabulous. Just know you, you lose control over that, so if you see an ad floating around that has, you know, one of your headlines that's put on top of an image, it, you, you don't get to control that, right? So give up the control, let the algorithm just kind of do its thing, it's very good. And then where we're going, um, is going to be exactly what you're describing, Mike, where you pop in an image and it's just gonna go to town. It's gonna do all of your creative iteration for you, um, through its AI tools and that's gonna be a wild new world, but that's where it's headed for sure. How often do we need to replenish our creative? We're s- yeah. Because... Yeah, I mean, because, like, is this a one, one and done, or is this... Like, what's, what's your thoughts on this? Probably faster than you would think, and a lot of this depends on your budget, right? I don't think we're headed into the territory of some of these, you know, um, platforms that are, you know, like TikTok for example, just very creative demanding. Um, but I do think that we are going to have to refresh more frequently. So, we used to be able to let ads run for a long time. If you're thinking, talking like a smaller account, maybe spending a couple of thousand a month, some of those ads could run, you know, months, sometimes years. I mean, they, they start to decline over time, but, you know, you're still kinda getting good enough results to just let it keep going. And, um, on bigger accounts, of course, you're, you're definitely, you know, refreshing creative much more frequently. But what we know is that Andromeda, it is going to reward fresh creative and it is going to punish (laughs) accounts with higher CPMs where creative is fatiguing. In fact, um, we can talk about this too, they are sh- they're releasing new metrics. I haven't seen this, um, confirmed yet in, like, I haven't seen this broadly across accounts, but, you know, they're going to, there's new metrics that will be launching around this, but basically creative fatigue, creative similarity and top creative themes. Okay? So, this is where we're understanding things like, is our account most responsive to humor, nostalgia or, you know, things like that. Social proof, you know, those are gonna be new metrics that supposedly are coming to the platform. So, we're gonna have a lot more insight into that as well. And I, I don't want to give anything that is too formulaic here because I think we're just gonna have to wrap our arms around this a little bit more before we understand, um, you know, how long- You have a sense, you have a general rule of thumb, like once a month add new creative or... Yeah. I mean, if you are on a smaller account that's always our rule of thumb, is you wanna be refreshing creative monthly. So again, you're spending a couple of thousand a month, you should be refreshing creative monthly. Not to say your creative won't last longer, but that's where you should be. And then of course if you're working on, you know, much higher budget account, you should be refreshing creative weekly. And those are general rules of thumb that will probably keep you pretty healthy, and we may be updating those recommendations as we kinda see how things play out. Okay. Um, ad placement, you know, you've got reels and stories and all the shapes and sizes and stuff like that. Do we need to worry about that anymore? Yeah. I mean, you, so, Meta will, in large part now, kind of do the adjustments and the croppings and things like that. You know, it used to be that we had to upload all these different sizes and, and things of that nature. And now, um, now it will, it will definitely take the right sizing and put it on the right placement. So, that doesn't mean that it's always going to use those placements. You know, if your ads are meant for the feed, it might have a really hard time, um, with the sidebar placements. And so, it's not always going to place... there's so many placements at this point, um, that library has gone, you know, the, those, those, uh, that selection, uh, menu has grown quite large. And so, you're just going to place your creative and let the algorithm kinda do its thing. It will figure out the right size for the right placement and what should go where, and it's, it's very good at it. So, the, the big takeaway there is don't try to gamify it. Um, I see a lot of kind of rookie mistakes in this, that is like way, I mean, you're talking 2019, 2018 kind of techniques when you're trying to say, "Only news feed," or, "Only Meta," or, you know, or only Meta, only Instagram. A lot of people too, they get really, um, they only wanna do Instagram ads, Mike. I see this quite often. And you should just know from what we usually see, about 60 to 80% of your quote unquote Facebook ads, your Meta ads, are automatically going to be served on Instagram. But it really does you no benefit to say, "I don't want Facebook." You will get a much better result and cost if you say, "Put it wherever, and just know that most of it is, generally speaking, going to go to Instagram." Are threads even available as a placement yet? For some, yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, interesting. Okay, so let's talk about this GEM thing, you brought it up many times. Um, what is this, uh, GEM thing you've been hinting about that's coming? Yes. The generative ads recommendation model. Meta... So again, we see a lot of these big updates that kinda get released as initial breadcrumbs or hints on the engineering blogs. So this- By the way, that spells GEM just for the record, generative ad- Yeah, I, I know. Or, or is it... No. I was like, "Why did it become GEM?" How do they, how do they get, how do they get GEM out of that if it's gen- uh, actually that's JARM. (laughs) Yeah, I, I was trying to figure that out myself. I was- Anyways, keep going. For anybody who's like, "Acronyms, wait, how did it get..." I, yeah, I did, I was like, "Yeah. What in the heck?" (laughs) Um, but basically, okay, so GEM, this is where things are going. Okay. Um, this is the new super brain, okay? And this is the comparison, all right? So imagine this can read an entire library of books in seconds, it understands the relationships between all the characters, remembers every single detail, and you connect all the details instantly. This is what, this is the algorithm that is going to be layered on top of these other, uh, algorithm, algorithms that we talked about. And this is going to be, you know, how we've heard kind of, uh, leaders and even Mark Zuckerberg himself talk about this, where things are headed, is they essentially want you to be able to upload an image and tell them your budget, and it will do all of the rest.It's going to generate all of the ad creation. It's going to, you know- Titles, everything? Wow. All the text? ... ev- everything. It's going to animate. It's g- uh, it's just going to create that entire ad library by itself. (laughs) And so, this is kind of where things are headed, which is a wild world when you think about it. And what Meta wants us doing as marketers then is really focusing on what happens after the click, right? So, this is offer, customer journey. It wants that... It's going to reward whatever happens after the click very powerfully, because that's going to give it all the signals it needs to find our buyers and iterate and create the correct creative for this group of people. So, this is kinda where it will go. I mean, it's not gonna go there overnight, but that's the direction of where Meta is trying to head. So, it's kinda wild when you start thinking about it, um, and, you know, I saw again, Jason Lim, um, who heads up, uh, the, uh, you know, custo- or client solutions. I'm just trying to pull up, he had some really great stats on their beta testing of this. Let me just find that really quick. Yeah, while you're looking at that, um, there's a lot of people who are listening right now that are probably freaking out because maybe their- ... career up to this point has been doing all of these things. Um, I would imagine there's a window of opportunity for us that are really good with AI. Like, I have a whole show dedicated to this. And I use Claude and I'm... I swear by it right now that it's the best writer that's out there. And I would imagine if you can give really good quality copy and you can generate very high quality images with whatever platform, you know, right now as of this recording, Google Gemini, Nana Banana Pro is top of class, um, you can be slightly ahead of all of your competitors who are using Canva and, you know what I mean? And just- Yes. ... just the very basic stuff. Um, but I... But the good news is eventually the ads are gonna be less about the ad itself and more about the journey, and I like that, because there's still an opportunity for marketers because you still have to convert, and in the end you've gotta drive them somewhere, right? And that's where a marketer could, could come to the table. Um, you can respond to that. And after you share the Jason quote, if you found it, um, what's your thoughts? 1000%, Mike. I think the value right now... If you're in this space, I think the value is increasing your AI skills, um, a- exponentially would be kind of a good place to start. And I would say, um, really understanding the customer journey and the creative that's going to lead someone to purchase. So, kinda what we talked about, creating those client avatars, becoming more sophisticated about how we're thinking through those creative angles, creative t- uh, targeting and things like that. Um, and then also, you know, really developing out your strategy muscle. So, um, you know, thinking about the value that you can add post-click, that is where most of the value is going to be as the- these algorithms evolve. We're not getting there overnight. I don't think we're getting there, you know, within months. I think there's time. But if you know where things are headed then you can start to plan appropriately and start to think about, you know, how these platforms are changing. And there's always going to be space for excellent marketers who can help drive revenue. So, if you kind of just think about, you know, how... what, what can I do with my skills that help drive revenue? You're gonna find all the solutions that you need. Um, and I'm gonna share too, you know, when they've layered all of these algorithms together and updates and, and beta testing with JEM, um, they said in Q2, so they kind of started beta te- beta testing, um... You know, we've talked about Andromeda. There were a couple other updates that came with Andromeda. When they layered all four of these updates together, um, they... it delivered a 5% increase in ad conversion on Instagram and 3% on Facebook. But then listen to this. That was Q2, okay, so beta testing. In Q3, we doubled that. So, within three months it doubled efficiencies. When you think about how fast this is moving, this is a rocket, you know, ship. You wanna get on that ship, right? And so, um, this is going to move very, very quickly. It's going to evolve fast. I still think there's, you know, plenty of time to kind of get on board and start testing through some of these new features and things like that. But this is where things are going and it's going to move very fast. Folks, Tara will be one of, um, five, um, speakers on the paid orga- uh, the paid social side and o- and one of 24 speakers on the social track at Social Media Marketing World. Plus we'll have another 20 speakers on the AI side of things. I can assure you this world is changing faster than we can ever imagine and it's being fueled ultimately by the AI, in this case algorithms, creative, and all these other things. There's never been a more important time for you to study these things. I cannot wait to see you in April in Anaheim. Um, Tara, if anybody wants to, um, connect with you or potentially work with you in the various programs you've got going on, where do you want to send them? Yeah. start@successfuladsclub.com. Um, or you can find me on Instagram @tarazerker. Thank you, Tara, so much for sharing your insights with us. Thanks, Mike.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🗨 Use this five-part framework to develop a winning positioning strategy, including how to test your assumptions, gather multi-source market insights, and get internal and external buy-in for your messaging. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQ-MW9aOl4g
  2. @Jebin-oms: Dump this algorithm
  3. @Jebin-oms: Worst worst update, ads wasting money it's true.
  4. @dammyoyetola7902: Thank you
  5. @GuaranteedPPC: WE ARE AT A POINT NOW WHERE MORE AD COPY, THE BETTER, WHICH IS THE COMPLETE OPPOSITE PEOPLE WERE DOING BEFORE.  ALSO, CUSTOMER LISTS ARE LESS IMPORTANT THAN THEY USED TO BE, AS THE AD CREATIVE IS THE MORE IMPORTANT THING NOW.
  6. @SeverinGavrila: good
  7. @danielschain: Fantastic information! Thank you for providing helpful and important content.
  8. @chrevychase: Meta is guilty of over-charging their ad customer base and has literally stolen shocking amounts of money.   Also, their ad platform over the last year has skewed to more ad spend with less results. If you know, you know.

I wouldn't trust META at all.
  9. @neilbaboolal9990: 👍

- 4 Changes That Fixed Our Meta Ads In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en delete all your Facebook ad campaigns right now. I know it probably sounds crazy, but those ads you've been running are killing your results. And in this video, I'm going to break down the four moves that you need to make with your ad campaigns this year in order to generate massive amounts of revenue. See, over the past year, I've been testing out new ways to work with this new Facebook and Instagram ads algorithm, and it's been working really, really well. We actually have students generating six and seven figures a year using it. So, in this video, I'm going to give you the exact breakdown of what you need to do in order to maximize [music] your results. And before I get started, be sure to subscribe to our channel and like this video because this does help get the word out about the gospel of Facebook ads. So, move number one, start moving closer towards eliminating all the campaigns in your ad account and condensing it into one highly effective campaign. Now, back when we first got started running Facebook and Instagram ads, we used to run a large number of campaigns inside of our ad account because that was the way that we felt we were hacking the Facebook algorithm. And still, even to this day, there's a lot of marketers out there that are using a ton of campaigns inside of their ad account. And Meta is shifting more and more towards [music] simplicity because Meta wants you to use the platform and they want it very easy for everyday people to be using the platform as well. It's not some secret like super technical thing like it used to be. It's actually very different now. And because of that, Meta is making things a lot easier to use. So more does not equal better. Less [music] actually equals better. Now I actually have a student that you can check out. uh his name is Clay and and we have an interview I I'll link it up above or down below and we started using this strategy with Clay and he went on to generate about six figures per month within his business close to $100,000 per month um in his business some months over that number all from utilizing less campaigns inside of his ad account. So that's proof that this thing does work. Now Meta has invested heavily into AI learning. They've invested billions and billions of dollars into it in order to make this platform a lot easier for you to use. And they've begun to deploy a lot of different things inside of your ad account that you will never see that make the performance of your ads perform better when you work with Facebook and not against Facebook. And this is one of those things. Here's the science behind why less equals more when it comes to your campaign. It takes at least 50 conversions inside of one campaign for your campaign to be optimized and fully ready to find your target audience to get you those amazing results. Once you get 50 conversions, Meta's machine learning starts to really recognize who your target audience is and it knows who to go after more effectively and also start using your budget more effectively. Let's take two different marketers. All right. On side A, we have a marketer who is using the traditional way of running Facebook ads. And they have 10 campaigns inside of the same Facebook ad account. And inside of that ad account, they get 50 conversions. But those 50 conversions are spread out between 10 different campaigns. So, let's just say that each campaign has five conversions a piece. [music] that is not going to fully optimize any of those campaigns and it's going to be stuck in learning mode uh for a longer period of time. Okay. Now, on the flip side, let's say that marketer B uses one campaign, same targeting, same everything, and inside of that campaign, they have those same 50 conversions. because they're using one campaign as opposed to 10. Those 50 conversions will get that campaign out of learning mode and begin to optimize a lot quicker, which will help marketer B get better results in the long run. So, for you as a marketer, start leaning more towards getting everything you can into a couple of campaigns uh at the most. And another big reason why why Facebook does this is because they want to be able to allocate their resources more effectively. And they feel like, hey, if we can get everyone to just consolidate this into one campaign, we can maximize the amount of results that Meta can give you. Uh Meta uses something called advantage plus targeting. Um and advantage plus across the board. There's advantage plus targeting. Uh there's messaging, there's creative, there's all these different aspects of Advantage Plus, but Meta wants you to begin using them so that you can start relying and leaning more on their AI. Now, move number two is to begin hacking your audience. [music] We call it the audience hack. The audience targeting you learned 3 years ago is actually now sabotaging your campaigns. A lot of people are so focused on identifying their customer avatar, they'll load up all these interests inside of the adset level of their Facebook ad, thinking that that will actually help them to pinpoint and target the exact customer that they want to find. But the way that Facebook's machine learning now works and the way that AI is interwoven into every aspect of Facebook ads, that's actually something that could sabotage your audience [music] and squash your reach. Okay? And I know some of you marketers out there want to be very specific about who it is that you're targeting and you do not want certain people to see your ads and that's totally understandable. But Meta is now so good that you still can use broad targeting and Meta can narrow down and find your target audience actually very easily. So this is why we like to shift towards broader targeting. Okay? And you've heard us talk about this on the channel before. Broader is better. Broader targeting is better because it allows Meta to use its full toolbox of AI features that are specifically designed to find your target audience. believe it or not, and this is probably the biggest revelation that I've had this year when it comes to meta is thinking about retargeting ads differently. Now, for those of y'all that don't know, um retargeting is essentially where someone visits your website, uh they leave your website, and then Meta starts serving them up with more ads from that same brand. So for instance, if you go to your favorite brand, let's say you go to nike.com, you visit that website, you visit their Facebook and Instagram page, a moment later, you leave that page and then these ads just start following you everywhere you go. So the really cool thing about what what Meta is shifting towards is that retargeting is now actually built in to the platform when you're using this one [music] campaign structure. Okay? And and here's here's what I'll say. We still do a lot of retargeting in a separate campaign, right? We still use the same retargeting where you know you create your custom audience of specific people that have performed a certain action towards your brand and you run ads specifically to them. You can definitely do that. We have not shied away from doing that. But like I said, over this past year, I've been testing out this new way of running ads using retargeting within the same campaign. and it's been working very well and comparable to the old way of doing it. And my belief is that over this next year, more than likely, Meta is going to start doing away with that form of retargeting altogether to where you're just going to have to use one campaign. So, the purpose of this video is to get you aware of what's coming and to get you ahead of the curve so that you can start making these moves now so that when Meta puts the axe on those other things, you're not sitting here like, "Yo, what am I going to do?" So the old way of doing it is, you know, separate the cold audience from the warm audience in different campaigns. The new way that meta is shifting towards is just throwing everyone in the same campaign and let meta sort of melt because their AI is actually that [music] good. And for some marketers that does take a little bit of time to get used to. I know for us it is and we're gradually moving towards that and we are getting results there as well. So that's something that you want to test out. Like I said, I've tested these things out with a few of my clients and it's been a home run. And the biggest aha to this whole thing is that Meta knows who's ready to buy better than you do. And it's because Meta has 52,000 data points on each person that's using the platform. So, they know what times a day to serve your ad up to specific people. They know all of those different things. So, when it comes time for for an ad to be placed in front of someone who's prime ready to buy your product or join your webinar or buy your coaching program, Meta is going to deliver that at that right time in order to maximize the chances of you getting [music] purchases. Now, the third move you need to be making with your Facebook ads is utilizing Meta's AI creative factory. All right? And that's what I call it. And and the reason why is because when you get into the creative level of meta, which is the ad level, this is where meta thrives. Okay. Now, in move two, we talked about how interestbased targeting is now obsolete. Uh and and the reason why has to do with move number three. All right. Your messaging and your creative is actually the new targeting. It's less about finding the intricate details of your target audience and adding it as interest inside of the adset. And it's much more about knowing the intricate details of your audience and adding it to your messaging, which means [music] adding it to your videos that you create. Um, adding that messaging to the primary text and the headline of your content. That is the separator. If you get that part right, Meta is going to know exactly who to target. And that is the key. And again, it's all about ease of use with Meta. Meta wants things to be extremely easy for you. And this is why they are starting to unveil all of these different things. But let's get into the AI creative factory. So on the ad level of your ad here, if you scroll down, once you actually add your video, the next thing Facebook's going to ask you for is your primary text here. All right? And now your primary text, let's just say that this is your original primary text right here. Once you add your original primary text with, which I recommend using AI for and and we do have videos that that break down >> [music] >> um how to do that using chat GPT once you've added your original primary text and you scroll down, what Meta allows you to do is they allow you to use Advantage Plus to generate more text. [music] All right, using AI. And when when Meta first brought this out here, the ad copy really wasn't that good, but it's getting a lot better to the point where I actually recommend you going through these and using them because it's going to help. So, the way that it works is you would just simply select other variations [music] of the same ad copy, right? So, that's one. Um, this is two right here. And when you when you select it, it basically is going to add that to your ad creative, right? And then this is number three. And it even has specific titles for each particular ad copy. So once you select those three variations, now your ad has four total ad copy variations that it can mix and match and use based on specific audiences and and what it is that they want to see. Okay, so this is the beauty of it. Facebook will create hundreds of different combinations based off of the the input that you provide. And this is why using less campaigns is [music] actually more because there's a lot that you can do within one campaign, right? So you can see here that you have ad copy here, right? Same thing goes for headline. Advantage plus actually will generate you different headlines that you can use inside of your ad as well. So again, when we talk about AI and and Meta investing billions into AI, here's the deal. You have to let this $100 billion behemoth called Meta, you have to you have to start utilizing this software, this this bill this billion dollar software. You have to start utilizing it because it's good. Again, you want to let Facebook do all the dirty work, all the heavy lifting for you, so that it's easier for you to focus on the creative, which is the most important part of of meta ads right now. And when it comes to creative, another thing you want to start doing is maximizing the amount of visuals you use inside of your campaign. In this example here, we have seven different visuals. I would recommend maxing this out. And the way to do that is actually very simple. Even if you don't have um a lot of ideas for content, one thing you can do is you can create a piece of content in one background in one location, then create that same piece of content another in another location, right? And continue to do that same thing using the same script. Actually, inside of our coaching program, we provide scripts and templates and and all of the back-end stuff that you're going to need to actually get these people uh to convert. I'm going to drop some links down down below for those of y'all that are interested in in joining our mentorship program or applying to work with us. I'll drop those links below. But the key here is utilizing as many different visuals as you can, okay? And and maximizing that. Now, for those of you all that might struggle when it comes to visuals or or putting yourself out there, you can also create AI avatars, right? You can create people who are not you that are vouching for your products and services. Okay? You can you can do that ethically, of course. Don't just create a random AI robot to say, "Hey, I worked with this person and this person is amazing and you should join their program." No, that's not ethically correct. But you can definitely create a an AI agent or an AI avatar to come in and talk about the benefits of your coaching program. You can do that, right? Um, and then for those of you that kind of want to keep your face in it, but you might not be as comfortable creating content, there's also ways for you to create AI twins of yourself, uh, to start creating more content that you can use to start creating more visuals. All right, and here's the deal. I'm not going to get into that in this video, but I did drop a video on how to utilize AI avatars in your ads. I will link it down below for you. I recommend that you watch that whole thing because I break down step by step, do a full tutorial on how to get that done uh in your business. Okay. Um, so anyway, you want to be able to utilize multiple visuals, and then the really cool thing about what Meta does is they take those seven creatives, they take those four variations of ad copy, they take those four variations of headlines, and they start mixing and matching them and and and making them work based on where individuals are inside of the funnel. Okay? And this is why Meta wants you to start moving away from traditional retargeting. It's because if you have enough creatives set up inside of your one campaign, Meta is going to actually bring them through the funnel. You know how we talk about, you know, your top offunnel ads, which are like ads that uh people that have never heard of you before are seeing and then you have your like your middle of ads that are essentially retargeting people who have already seen the first set of ads, right? Right? And then we have your bottom of funnel. And you know, we have all these different aspects of the funnel. Well, Meta is so good now that Meta is telling you, hey, throw all of that into one campaign. And then we will mix and match those those pieces of ad copy and those creatives and headlines, and we will target people based on where they're at in the customer journey to maximize your conversions for you. Okay. Now, this is the insane part and this takes some getting used to if you're someone that markets a lot uh like like I do, right? I that's I I do this every day in my life. This is something that's taking some getting used to, but we have tested that this year [music] and it really does work. Okay, it really does works. There's clients that I've taken that are using just one campaign and we're maxing out their results. We're getting them really good results. Okay, so this is something that you want to start utilizing in your business cuz again, it's less about the heavy lifting nowadays with Meta. You want to eliminate all of that heavy lifting [music] when it comes to to Meta and you want to focus more on your creative. You want to focus more on your landing page that you're driving traffic to. You want to focus more on your systems [music] uh and your offers, right? And again, these are things that we teach inside of our program. We build this whole thing out for you. We have templates and and all that good stuff, right? But as far as ads are concerned, these are the moves that you want to start making in your business. And move number four that I want to get into today is learn how to scale more effectively. Okay. Now, this is more for those of you that are that are generating good amounts of revenue in your business, high six figures, seven figures a year, or those of you that are looking to to get it to that level to six and seven figures a year. We have clients that that we work with on a more intimate basis that that we help to start scaling, right? You want to start scaling more effectively. And the way that it used to be taught with with meta ads is you used to [music] have to take your initial c campaign, duplicate that campaign uh into the same ad account and just let that one run. But Meta again, they want to get you away from using a bunch of campaigns in the same ad set because it does affect performance. So instead of doing that, um there's now ways to start scaling inside of one campaign. So essentially what Meta wants you to start doing is they want you to start adding budget to what's already working to what's already there to that campaign that you set up that's starting to crush it. Let me show you exactly how to do that. So now let's say you're in your campaign and you're like, "Okay, this campaign is performing really, really well for me. Um I'm doing all the necessary things. I'm generating a lot of leads for my for my latest webinar or my coaching offer, whatever it is, right? Let's just say that that it's performing really well. And at this point, you're like, "Okay, how can I maximize these results? You want to start scaling?" And typically what people do is they'll go into the campaign and they will just simply add a budget to the campaign or they will duplicate that campaign um inside of the same ad account and [music] and basically scale that way. But there's a newer way to do it and it's by actually scheduling your budget increases. [music] Okay, so let me show you exactly how we do it. So let's just say you're at $300 a day now and you want to begin scaling. So uh in that case, what you would do is you would come down here to budget [music] scheduling and you would open this up. Okay. Now what you're going to do is you're going to select schedule budget increases. [music] And this allows you to really schedule and pinpoint what times of day you want this budget to scale. So, one thing that we do is we'll do a budget scale test, right? [music] So, let's just say for the next 3 days, let's just say um starting tomorrow up until 3 days later, we want to increase this budget by let's just say $200. Right now, essentially what that's going to do is it's going to say, "Okay, Meta, at midnight tonight, I want this budget to increase by $200." So, that would be $500 a day, right? And it'll do that. Okay, let's just say that this thing does really well over those two days. You can come back in here and you can change this date to whatever date you want. You can continue to make it make it roll. Or if you want to do something even more different, you can add another time period and you can say, "Okay, I want to start gradually really getting aggressive here." Then you can say, "Okay, from January 2nd at midnight to Wednesday the 7th, let's just say I wanted to increase by another $200." Okay? You can schedule that increase and then you could add another increase, right? And let's just say you do. Let's just say you want to do it up until the 15th and you want to do another 200. So, this is a way for you to begin scaling incrementally but in a scheduled manner so that you can have more control of your ads with actually allowing you to be handsoff at the same time, which is really powerful and and actually something that that I encourage you to do. And these are things that we do within our business now as well as our students that we work with. We recommend this too because [music] it it's a much smoother way to scale without without maximum drop off, which a lot of times in the past when you try and scale, it's kind of like a a 50/50 shot. Like you scale and you're like, "Okay, I don't want to like mess up my ad, so I don't want to don't want to duplicate this and mess everything up and I don't want to do it the other way." So, this is a way that we found to make scaling a lot smoother in your business for those of you that are looking to scale. Okay. So, this is something I'd recommend you doing as well. Learn how to start scaling uh in a more effective manner and this is the way to do it. So, with that being said, y'all, these are the ways that Meta is looking to make ads easier for you this coming year. I recommend that you take advantage of every single one of these things that I've went over today because this could be the difference between you sitting exactly where you were last year to where you could be generating multiple seven figures in your business simply by taking advantage of these results. And hey, for those of y'all that are interested in working in more detail with us, you're someone who is more focused on, yo, just just give me the system. I want to work with you guys. Give me the system. Give me the templates. make it very easy for me to do all the other aspects of my ads. If that's you, I'm going to drop a link below for you to apply to work with us and join our mentorship program. We have students again that are generating six figures to seven figures a year in their business, doing really well uh with our help. Okay, so with that being said, y'all, I am going to go ahead and get out of here, use these strategies, share this with with entrepreneurs who need this, who want to start scaling up and level up in their business, and I will see y'all in the next video. Peace and love y'all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Studeo22AIMediaGroup [2 likes]: Man Ive been looking for a AD coach. thank you!
  2. @jwd1776 [2 likes]: Thanks for the updates. When you say conversions, is that sales?
  3. @marekpapucik158 [1 likes]: Thanks for helpfull information i would like to ask you how many different ads  to run with small budget 20 eur a day ? God Bless
  4. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: Without retargeting, most Facebook campaigns won't work (when selling more expensive or non-mainstream items).  Don't think like everyone else on this one issue, as it will hold you back.

- May 2026 Facebooks Ad Changes Authors need to Master: Kind: captions Language: en that aligns with a pattern that Facebook has followed for quite a few years now. Now, you might be saying, "Well, this is terrible." I mean, and and it is terrible that they did this without notifying us, but I feel like it's also them showing their hand, and I'm going to be paying attention to that and and um and leveraging that. Um so, so what I think I think is I think for a lot of people, if you look at your attribution, you might find that your ads have already started recovering. They had this dip that started sometime between that April 16th and April 26th period and then they started to climb up again after they came out of learning phase because basically they almost effectively became new ads at that point to a certain extent. Um oh yeah and I was saying I didn't notice it right away because I don't go and look to see hey did all of the ads change like a fundamental part of how they're structured and especially because with a lot of clients we have some ads that are advantage plus and some that aren't and some clients don't always label when they're advantage plus so it's not immediately obvious. It didn't hit me until I went was working with this one client where none of their ads were advantage plus and then we realized they all were and I'm like, "Okay, this is enemy action here at this point. Um, this is no longer coincidence." And that's when we started digging in um and uh and

- Give me 15 mins, and I'll make your hooks impossible to skip: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about hooks. If you want your videos to perform better, you need to focus on leveling up your hooks. Now look, I've studied literally thousands of videos. And it turns out if your hooks are not working, there's only four mistakes you could be making. If you solve for these, your views will skyrocket immediately. So, in this video, I'm going to break all four of them down. These are the four hook mistakes holding back your videos with tactical examples and tips for how to fix each of them. By the way, I'm Callaway. I have a million followers. I've done billions of views. and content is all I do all day long. All right, now before I walk through the four main mistakes you're making with your hooks, let's just quickly talk about what a winning hook actually looks like. Understanding this one thing will help you a ton. Hooks really only have one job, to help a viewer decide to opt in and continue watching the video. The hook needs to stop the scroll and get the viewer to stay put. It's very simple. Now, in order to get the viewer to opt in and stay put, the hook only has to give them two things: topic clarity and ontarget curiosity. Topic clarity means the viewer has a crystal clear understanding of what the video is going to be about. And on target curiosity means that they believe the topic is for them. The video will give them some value and they have general curiosity on what comes next. So all the hook needs to do is drive those two points home. If you do this these two things, you win. I guarantee the viewer will be hooked. Now, of course, the million-dollar question is this. How do I make sure that every time I make a hook, the viewer gets those two things, topic clarity and ontarget curiosity? And this really is where the four horsemen hook mistakes come in. The reason bad hooks flop and don't deliver those two things is because you're making one or more of these four mistakes. If you fix all four of these, you'll be good to go. All right, the first hook mistake is called delay. And the good news is this one is the easiest one to fix. When I say delay, what I mean is that the context on what the video is going to be about is delayed too long in the video. If you were to visualize a script, let's say it has 13 lines and the third line is the first time you introduce the topic. This is delay because those first two lines are fluff and unnecessary details. You need to cut those first two lines, move the third line up to the top so your topic introduction can happen in the first 1 to 2 seconds. I often refer to this concept as speed to value. You want to increase the speed that the viewer can get to clarity or get to value. Here's an example of what bad delay looks like. Let's say you start your video with something like this. Guys, this is one of the craziest things I've ever seen. And when you see it, you're never going to believe it. That is an example of a legit hook that many people try to use when they're beginners. Now, in theory, this kind of sounds like it might be a good hook because it's building suspense and curiosity about what that thing is. You might hear that and wonder, "What did the creator see? I have to stick around to find out." But the problem with that sentence and generally hooks like this is that it gives me as the viewer zero context on what is coming next. A crazy thing you saw could be literally anything. So, if I have to decide with my time if I want to keep watching, I'm now unable to do it after just that sentence because I don't have the context. The typical chart for short form video retention looks like this. It's exponential decay. You see how steep those first two seconds are going down? That viewership falls off like a cliff. Every second you go without telling somebody what the video is about, so they have the information to decide to opt in, a large portion of your viewers are bouncing. Now, certain creators with these vague hooks are able to get some people to stay. If you look on Tik Tok specifically, it feels like these type of vague open-ended hooks work a lot. But the people that are staying are only staying because of how the creator looks, the emotion on the creator's face, or the text hook that they're putting on the screen. The spoken words actually add zero value to getting them to stay. So, it's not that these types of open-ended vague hooks can't ever work, it's just that they work way less often. So, to recap, hook problem number one is delay. And the fix is to stop delaying the introduction and the clarity of the context on the video. Use that first sentence in as few words as possible to give the context that the viewer needs to have to decide whether or not to opt in. An example of good rapid context would be something like this. Here are three simple ways to improve your gut health or if you have gut issues, these three remedies will help you immediately. If you get those hooks right away as the viewer, I know exactly what these videos are going to be about. Gut health and herbal remedies that can help me solve it. There is zero delay in the context and so I can opt in as soon as possible. All right, hook problem and mistake number two is confusion. And when I say confusion, what I really mean is comprehension loss. So, in this case, the viewer is just not understanding or comprehending what you're saying. At this point, you've eliminated the delay, which is good, but the words you're using or the phrasing of those sentences is just not clear and it's confusing the viewer. So, the problem here is really just a lack of clarity in your words. And the reason this is a problem is again, if the viewer can't assess if this video is actually for them because they're only understanding like half the words you say, then they have trouble deciding whether or not to opt in. Here's an example to illustrate exactly what I mean by lack of clarity and confusion. Imagine I started a hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and the online money they made is most difficult to earn if you don't develop a journaling practice like they did. And this is a bit exaggerated obviously. Few people actually talk like that, but you get the point of how difficult and confusing it was to actually parse through what I was trying to say. If you hear just that, you can kind of gather the video is going to be about an online business and maybe something to do with journaling, but you're really struggling to put the pieces together clearly because of the way I framed the sentence. And this is a classic clarity issue. Instead, for that exact same idea, you could write the hook like this. These guys built a $30 million empire and their secret for earning money online was their insane journaling practice. See how just changing the words slightly and the way the sentence is ordered makes it way easier to understand what I'm saying. Essentially, you as the viewer are able to absorb more of the words. Your hit rate for comprehension goes up and then confusion goes down. Now, the tactics for how to improve clarity is really about becoming a better writer. You want to use fewer words, but enough that the viewer can't misunderstand you. You want to use simpler words, ideally at a sixth grade reading level. And you want to use direct active voice instead of passive voice on the sentences so they're easier to understand. The dog jumped verse the jump of the dog. Here are two quick tips for immediately improving hook clarity and reducing confusion. For the first tip, you could just take the hook you've written and drop it into chatbt or claude with this prompt. I've written a hook for a short form video about X topic. I need help increasing the clarity and the framing of the sentences I used. I want the meaning to be the exact same, but can you rewrite this in a sixth grade reading level so that there's no misunderstanding from the viewer? This prompt will automatically remix and rewrite the hook for you. You could also just use sandcastle.ai, which is my AI scriptw writing tool. You just put the topic in and we'll write it for you in a very clear way. All right, the last tip for clarity proofing your hooks would be to do this. When you read just the hook, those one to two sentences in isolation without anything else. Ask yourself this question. Is it possible for the viewer to misunderstand what I'm saying in the wrong way? Is there more than one way these sentences could be interpreted? If so, rewrite the hook so that you eliminate those alternative understanding paths so there's only the one that you want. All right. Now, before I go on to the last two hook mistakes, and these ones really are the biggest, I just want to mention something. I think becoming a master at hooks is the single biggest lever you can pull if you're trying to get your content to perform better. Hooks are the 80 of the 8020 in the content flow. Now, if you want to become god tier at hooks and just write bangers every single time without thinking about it, I just filmed the most comprehensive training on short form hooks ever created. So, if you make Instagram reels, Tik Toks, LinkedIn shorts, YouTube shorts, this will feel like a cheat code for you. What I'm covering in this video right now, it's like 1 to 2% of the full hook playbook that I give in this training. In that training, I covered these things in depth. One, hook psychology. How do hooks actually work under the surface and manipulate viewers' brains? Two, what is my 10-minute cheat code hook framework? Literally a checklist that you can follow every single time you're going to write a hook that works without fail. And three, what are examples of good and bad hooks from 11 different categories and niches, breaking them down, analyzing why the good ones are good and why the bad ones are bad? I also built a full hooks database with over 400 different videos, deep tagging across hook format, strategy, visuals, text, audio, all the components. And I built a system for analyzing that database and then coming up with new hooks for yourself. I literally went out, found the best creators in every niche, extracted their top videos, analyzed their hooks, and then created frameworks and patterns in that database. I also in this training teach the full research method that I use to go look at other videos, extract their hooks. How do I actually do that? How do you find the top videos? I teach that whole thing. Like I said, my goal was to make this the undisputed god tier short form hooks resource. So, if you like the videos on my channel and most importantly the way I break things down and explain things, this training will be the best way to go from zero to 100 on short form hooks, you watch this and you'll be set. You can access it at the link here or in the description. All right, hook problem number three is irrelevance. And at this point, so far you have solved for the first two. So, you've eliminated delay and you've maximized the clarity, getting rid of the confusion so the viewer knows exactly what the video is going to be about. Problem number three, irrelevance means that the viewer is not confident that what's coming next in the video after the hook is going to be valuable enough to help them solve a problem. So, they know what the video is about, but they're unclear if it's relevant for them. Now, there are two easy ways to solve this problem. The first way is to say the word you or your instead of the words me or I when you're delivering the hook. Most people think you should make hooks like this. I've struggled with skin problems my whole life. The problem is this opens a door in the viewer's mind to question if they see themselves in the creator because they're thinking this, well, if you struggle with these problems, do I also struggle with the same problems you do? That's what they're questioning in their mind. If the viewer doesn't see themsel in the creator for a number of different reasons, they're going to put less value in the incoming solution, and they'll stop watching. This is the irrelevance problem. The viewer doesn't feel like what's coming next will be relevant for them. So, to solve this problem, all you have to do is frame your hooks using you and your. So instead of saying, "I've struggled with skin problems my whole life," you say, "If you've struggled with skin problems your whole life," dot dot dot. When you do this, the viewer feels like the video is targeted for them. There's no possible question or misunderstanding because you're saying it's for you for your problems. And this makes the viewer hold on longer for the hook. Now, the second way to solve for the relevance problem is to frame your hooks around expected value. There are two types of videos: entertainment and education. Both of these offer solutions to a painoint. That solution is value. Entertainment offers a solve for boredom. Education offers a solve for a specific problem. If you want your hook to feel more relevant for your viewer, all you have to do is agitate a painoint that they already have so that you can tee up a solution that is for them. For example, can you tell the difference between these two hooks? The first one is these are three common trends in skincare. And the second one is if you struggle with acne, try these three things. Learning about trends in skincare is a nice to have. Solving my acne problem is a need to have. So, if you frame the hook around a known painoint and you deliver it using you and your instead of me and my, the video will seem more targeted for the viewer and it will hook them more. Okay, the last hook problem number four is disinterest. And this is the one that most people fixate on the most. At this point, the viewer is clear on the topic, believes there is some relevance or value incoming for them, but the hook still just doesn't grab them enough. This is the curiosity problem. The hook just doesn't make the viewer curious enough to want to keep watching. So, what you want to do in the hook to solve the disinterest problem is build a curiosity loop. And everybody talks about curiosity loop, but nobody ever explains what it is. A curiosity loop is when the viewer sees something, asks a hypothetical question in their mind, gets some additional context to answer it, but that spurs a new question, more context, new question, more context, and so on. They keep opening loops throughout the entire video. That's what a curiosity loop really is. So, your job in the hook is to open that initial curiosity loop and start the spiral. What is that initial question that the viewer has where they can't look away? They just have to wait for more context to answer it. So, the $10 million content question really is this. How do you always drive curiosity and build that curiosity loop every single time, no matter what type of video you're making? And the way you do this is by setting up contrast or comparison in the hook. Contrast is simply the distance between the current common belief of the viewer and some contrarian or alternative perspective that you offer. So, for example, if I say in the hook, this one trick will clear up all your acne in 45 minutes without any side effects. What I'm really doing is creating a comparison in your mind to the current baseline. You got to wait 6 months, take Accutane, go through all these side effects versus my contrarian offer, 45 minutes, no side effects, quick solve. That distance is contrast. What happens when you do this in the viewer subconscious is that when you frame a comparison, A something they know and B something they don't, B triggers the sticky pain point they have from A not solving their pain. And so essentially that comparison acts as a reagitator of that painoint which gets them curious because they want to solve it. To simplify all this, if you're not following what I'm saying, it's A versus B. A is what they already believe. B is some alternative that you're suggesting that makes their pain point solved faster, better, or cheaper. Now, getting good at learning how to create this contrast with words is really the secret to driving curiosity whenever you want. It's honestly the secret to storytelling at a macro level. Now, I'm not going to go too deep into exactly how to build this contrast and curiosity because it really does differ for every scenario. But what I will say is this, there are two types of contrast. Implied contrast and stated contrast. Stated contrast is when you share verbally both A and B explicitly. So, for example, saying something like this, "Most people solve their acne with Accutane, but I have an herbal remedy that does it three times faster." You're stating Accutane verse herbal remedy, so it's impossible to miss what that contrast is. The other type of contrast, which is way more subtle, is implied. And in this case, you say what the contrarian alternative is, but you don't reference the base because it's implied. People know what the base solution is. So for example, if I say if you want to solve your acne, this herbal supplement is eight times more effective. If the common viewer already knows what the baseline solutions are, nothing, Accutane, whatever they are, then you don't need to say it again because it's implied what their baseline understanding is. Essentially, it's your contrarian take versus the field of all other options. So you really have two options to create the contrast. You can go stated, which is way more blunt, A versus B, impossible to misunderstand, or you can go implied, which is a little bit more savvy and you don't really call it out specifically. Now, tactically, when you're writing hooks, typically the topic clarity comes in the first sentence, and then you set up that contrast in the following one to two sentences. This is why I consider hooks to really be like two to three lines. They're not always just a single punchy line. Sometimes you can achieve the clarity and the contrast all together in one line. And if you can, those are the easiest hooks that you can reuse. Again, if you want the full master class on how to do this tactically, and you want a bunch of examples of good and bad across every niche, and you also want a checklist to just follow every time you make hooks, I have that all in the hooks master class. It's linked below. All right, guys. That is all I've got for this video. As a recap, we covered the four main hook mistakes that you're making that are preventing your videos from outperforming. Those mistakes are delay, confusion, irrelevance, and disinterest. As always, please leave a comment below if you like this video, and just in general for feedback. I'm always reading the comments, trying to take those and improve. So, if this gave you value and you liked it or didn't like it, please leave a comment and let me know. And remember guys, there is a ton of free stuff in the description. I'm literally just giving away the answers for content. Please check the description. If you're struggling with any of these pain points, there's always something in the description to help you. And lastly, one more thing. If you're a business owner and you really want help improving your content, I created a free community of only entrepreneurs and creators. There's over 22,000 people in there that are all helping each other get better. There's a bunch of free trainings. It's called Wavy World. I got a free invite for you in the description if you want to join that. It's the easiest way to get started. All right, with that, we will see you guys on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @kallawaymarketing [64 likes]: For everyone trying to purchase the Hooks Masterclass recording. This is the original registration page: https://lu.ma/sfa-hooks The first sentence under "About Event" is a link to purchase the recording.

Here is the direct link to purchase the recording: https://buy.stripe.com/5kQ8wP3xYdRq5fW4tK6wE08
  2. @kellyhowardinfo: Quick note - the master class link is going to a closed class
  3. @noobsenpai95: I thought the video is playing in 2x
  4. @DellanoStory: Thank you  for the info
  5. @yamatosan565: calm down bro and breath after a sentence
  6. @CosmicCoE: this is hard man😮‍💨😕
  7. @rupali2403: Thankyou so much🙏
  8. @ViralClipzEditz: this really helped me as a beginner, thank you!
  9. @UnwelcomedTV: Bro what should I do if i'm always stuck in the 1k view jail? My views stops growing after 30min - 1hr in 1k views. Should I js continue on improving my hooks and watch retention?
  10. @InsightInterludes: Chatgpt
  11. @muallaozdemir1012: I'm getting so much sauce for free, it feels illegal.
  12. @bigmtnman2012: Is it just me or when he said don’t delay with unwanted fluff. Then he said he has over a million followers. When you can plainly see he has 386k in subs. He has got good ideas but Am i the only one that caught this
  13. @Reminder_reminder123: That is insanely useful! Very clear! and good luck to every creators!!
  14. @ALLFITARENA: Hit more on the irrelevant. Thank you
  15. @Hookshare: Brilliant breakdown. The point about treating the first second as an audition is bang on — most creators write the hook they hope works and post it. The ones who consistently win are the ones who treat every hook as a hypothesis to test. Saving this one.
  16. @massimo.trades: Thx for your advices 🤍
  17. @ShawnWic: Bro the hands is crazy work 🧐 who’s your leader??
  18. @kavithashekar8751: This was killer. Thank you very much!!!!
  19. @CortesdeouroTV: !!
  20. @وكفى_بالله_وكيلاً_8: لماذا لاتوجد دبلجه بلغة العربية

- Part 1: Discover How to Start Essay with an A+ Hook: STRONG Attention Grabbing Examples: Kind: captions Language: en >> Today I'm going to show you multiple examples of attention-grabbing hooks to start your essay. Princeton University came out with a study that says it only takes someone a tenth of a second to decide whether they think you're good looking, trustworthy, a leader, or fun. And whether we like that or not, it tells us two things; first impressions matter, and they're made very quickly. In fact, YouTube says that most people decide within the first 30 seconds whether to keep watching a video or not. >> I bet most people have already left this video. >> Rude! They're still watching.. . I think. That's why starting your essay with a great hook is super important. Yeah? Question? >> Can I use the bathroom? Let's talk about the purpose of starting your essay off with a hook. Think about your teacher, or whoever's reading your essay. They probably have tons and tons of essays to read and grade. That's why you want to make yours stand out. Like we learned earlier, if you make a good first impression in your introduction paragraph, your teacher is more likely to read the rest of your essay in a positive way. Your hook should be about two to three sentences. Focus on quality over quantity. >> You're stressing me out! >> I know. I've found that students can feel super-pressured and overwhelmed when writing their hook. But let me tell you this: Even though it's the first couple of sentences of your introduction, it's actually one of the last things you write. >> What? >> Think about it. You can't write your hook if you don't know or have something to hook them to your essay. Also, I've found that as students dive in and write their essay, the hook just kind of comes magically to them. >> So when do I write it? >> Honestly, when you write your conclusion paragraph, because a great hook is going to connect the start of your essay to the very end of your essay. We call that the "mic drop." I'll talk about that in a future video, so don't get overwhelmed. >> Keep it together, man! >> I'm going to give you guys lots of examples. First, you can start your essay with a question that relates to your topic. For example, my topic is how Batman is the greatest superhero in the DC universe. >> We'll see about that. >> Feel free to use one of these sentence starters to help you get going. Look at my example: Have you ever wondered what makes a hero great? It's because they have special powers or big, flashy muscles. Or, is true greatness found in someone who is willing to lay down their life to help other people? I do a couple of key things here; first off, my question gets my reader thinking about my topic -- And by asking a thought-provoking question, I grab their attention. Two -- I start to cast doubt on the other super heroes, the counterclaims, without even saying their names. >> Oh, I'll be ready. >> He's scaring me! >> Three -- I give the reader my definition of greatness. It's not special powers or big, flashy muscles, it's finding someone who's willing to help other people. This is key. As a writer, I get to define what greatness means, and you get to do the same in your essay. The next thing I would do is add a condition to go from a hook to the rest of my topic. You'll see that in purple. If you're finding value in this video -- hit the Like button, please. Two, you can start off your essay by describing an imaginary situation that allows your reader to enter into your topic. Imagine you could have one superpower. What would it be? More important, what would you do with it? Would you use it for personal gain, or to help other people? Again -- notice what I do here. One, I grab the reader's attention through their imagination -- that is powerful. Hopefully they're eager to read the rest of my essay. Two, again, I define what the word "great" means. That is key. You get to do the same. Lastly, I transitioned from my hook to my topic. You see that in purple. Three, another powerful way to start your essay is with a quote: Joseph Campbell states, "A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than themselves." Notice I say the author's name. This is super important. Write this down. >> Oh.. . >> If you use a quote, you have to give credit to the author. If you don't, that's plagiarism, which is a fancy school word for stealing someone's ideas. >> But I like stealing. >> That's not a good thing. Here is a huge mistake I see students make all the time. Again, write this down. >> Can you go a little slower? >> I read essays all the time where students start off with an amazing life-changing, powerful quote, to the point where I actually have to sit down for a second to catch my breath. Many of them just say the quote, but don't take the time to explain how the quote connects to the topic, and that's a huge missed opportunity that confuses a reader. Look at my example. A hero doesn't have to rely on big, flashy muscles or special powers to be great. They just have to sacrifice their life for others. And no one embodies this quote better than Batman. I did a couple of key things here; one, again, I define what the word "great" means for my reader. Two, I connect the quote to my topic by explaining that no one lives out Three, hopefully at this point the reader is interested to know how Batman truly lives this quote out. Four, you can use a fact or research to engage your reader at the start of your essay. Let's look back at the beginning of this video for our example. "Princeton University came out with a study trustworthy, a leader, or fun. and they're made very quickly." Is that what I sound like? things here; one, I cite the research study by saying, "Princeton University," which gives me credibility and makes a reader more likely to pay attention to what I have to say next. Two, I give an intriguing fact, one that makes a reader want to know more. Three, I tell the reader that whether they like it or not, first impressions are important and made really quickly. I don't just state the facts, but I tell the reader the major takeaway. Four, using facts and research is going to make you sound really, really smart. >> It's going to be really hard to make this guy look smart. >> That's enough. Be nice! Now you want to review, revise and edit the hook for your introduction paragraph. Let's look at some key points. One, remember that even though you start your essay with a hook, it's one of the last things you write, so don't stress out about it in the beginning. Two, I gave you many examples, but ask yourself, which hook fits your essay the best? Three, do you transition from your hook to your topic? Four, don't overwhelm the reader with too much information, make it simple, but engaging. As always, check the video description for free resources to help you out. Comment below and tell me which hook you'll use for your essay. Subscribe to the channel to keep up to date with all the latest videos, because I will walk you through the entire writing process, from start to finish. Like the video. See you later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MisterMessinger [14 likes]: Watch Part 2 of this video: https://youtu.be/ADLVKI6wCTM
  2. @yahomaragonzalez4600 [12 likes]: Thank u bro I was so puzzled doing my essay and u helped A TON!! I got an A and now I actually enjoy writing
  3. @PixleKat [7 likes]: Anybody else watching this for school?
  4. @ur_localStAy3 [2 likes]: ( the funny thing about this video "oh i like stealing" teacher "thats not a good thing " kid "oh "
  5. @Armylix- [1 likes]: School brought me here unfortunately 🫠🦦
  6. @yassinmohamed2319 [1 likes]: I cant think of a good hook question mine is literally have you ever been bullied for eating a extra cheese ,no rice and meat beat taco 😭
  7. @Niawia-r4g: POV : you’re only here because your parent told you to watch it 😢😂
  8. @Davidgame-q3d: thank you
  9. @sarahwilson3774: Plus 100 aura for teaching us so well.❤


❤ Sending good vibes from 7th hour.❤
❤
  10. @sarahwilson3774: Amen brother🙌
I'm using quotations.
  11. @nathanndo3054: I liked your video man have a big essay coming and its stressing me out
  12. @jameshuang2065: This actually helped a lot thank you.
  13. @zanesmissinglefteye13: POV- your here to write a essy the day before its due and tour teacher said too watch it
  14. @Skibidisigmalafart: Thank you❤
  15. @Moshe.Guilaran: I thought this was about fishing. Trying to find the best rig setup.
  16. @Ik-zl7hk: Bat man
  17. @chaosslayerx4441: I really like this video! It makes writing my essays fun! Thanks a lot!!!
  18. @_-drowsy-_: I already knew this and I only have one hour. I’ve been contemplating this hook for 5 hours straight. Why can’t I do anything right???
  19. @ZeyadAbzaid: Nice Batman shirt
  20. @phoebeehopee: i absolutely loved the question hook, it made me want to listen the the whole essay even though I like marvel better than DC lol

- I Studied 1,000 Hooks, Here’s How to ACTUALLY Go Viral: Kind: captions Language: en The single most reason why your reels or short-form videos don't perform are bad hooks, and I kid you not, fixing and understanding your hook game will get you views, lots of them. So, recently, thousands of creators applied to get their hooks analyzed by me, and most of them make these simple mistakes that crush retention, make people swipe away before they even know what's up, and as a result of that, make the algorithm hate you. So, today, I'll pick three creators and fix their hooks with some tricks and strategies that have helped my clients gain millions of views, and that you can actually instantly implement yourself as well. All right, so the first issue is probably one of the biggest problems I see with hooks, and it's this. Think of people swiping through their reels feed as being on autopilot, and a lot of creator gurus talk about this, but they never really explain the reason why and how to deal with this. So, when people swipe, they basically have this automated muscle memory at this point to keep swiping until something hits their brain receptors, where the brain goes, hmm, that is interesting. And ideally, I've actually done lots of research on that. A lot of people recently actually swipe, swipe, swipe, and then it takes the brain a little longer to kind of process it, and then they swipe back again, and this seems to be like a big major trigger indicator for the algorithm at this point. And because of all of that, this process happens so fast that you need to carefully construct your hooks to basically hit those triggers as fast and as best as possible to get people from your target audience to basically do that. Stop and think and be like, hmm. So, essentially what you want to do at all times is you want to open loops and don't close them as long as possible, basically keeping them tangling at all times. And when you do close the loop, you want to open another one. This is essentially what we can see clearly here with our first creator, Max. Malgo, Max. Let's just call her Max. So, let's just take a look at this video right here. Things I don't do being lean over 40. So, based on the cover, sounds interesting, but let's take a look first. Okay. So, at this point, we're already past the hook. And here's the thing. People at this point don't care. People don't even know what the context of the video is. And this is how you need to think when especially crafting your hooks. People sit, they swipe on autopilot, and then they see this frame starting with this. And somebody in the kitchen saying, I definitely don't cut out carbs. I'm like, okay, cool. But like, why? And why should you cut out carbs? I don't get the context, right? It's like going to a hardware store and somebody comes up to you and is like, I never pull out. And you're like, huh, what? But he's like, yeah, I mean, the screws obviously halfway through a project. I always finish what I start. You already notice here, there's actually a very fine line from being borderline criminal and getting people's scroll swapping attention, right? And the fix to that whole thing is simply adding context as easy as that. So, the first thing I would do here is slap that context right at the top of the screen. Let's just do this together. So, let's slap on the safe zone. The first thing you can actually see already from the first sort of frame here, not really the actual first frame, but the hook is that this sling right here is actually overlapping with the comment box. You instantly see it's just way too big and honestly, it doesn't look good. So, the first thing I want to do here is literally remove the caption just to show you how much cleaner that is. So, we're just going to hit the generative fill. So, boom, looks pretty, looks pretty good actually. Looks a lot cleaner. Captions usually can be a lot smaller, but let's not even get into that. The second thing is, like I said, adding context to this whole thing. And by adding context, I wouldn't just say like the cover image of this video says, things I don't do being lean over 40. I mean, it's not bad, but I try to create even more of a curiosity gap with this whole thing to basically force people to watch even further. Because suddenly they have this whole open loop in their head and they're like, okay, now I need to watch further. To kind of create that and be able to craft that, you need to understand your target audience in an actual way, right? And in that case, the content of the reel itself, if we watch the whole video, is a gold mine. Because basically she says, I'm lean over 40, but I definitely do eat carbs. And that in and itself challenges a common belief, one of the strongest forms of creating hooks, right? So, remember that. In this case, just to make it a little shorter and a little snappier, I'd say lean at 45 and I eat carbs every day or something like this. So, let's just, you know, I'll just do it here right in front of you so you can see, because, you know, the second part of this whole thing is actually making this look better, but let's get into that. And I eat carbs every day. So, obviously we're not going to make this work. Carbs every day. And if we have here a safe zone, we can already see it needs to be smaller, way smaller than you might think. Also, I'm going to play around with this. I mean, it doesn't look bad. Then you can make it a little bigger. Eat carbs every day. Make this a little there. And you know, one thing you can instantly see right there is that the way this whole shot is framed, and it's actually a big part of why people actually stop scrolling is that it basically overlaps with this part right here. And there's just no way, there's basically clutter. This one is clearly a kitchen. This is a person. This one is safe zone, safe space to put your text, but this is virtually unusable. So, you know, there's almost no way of making this look good. One thing you could do at all times is just slapping some background thing right there. As we can see, it looks a little too big, so make it a little smaller. I eat carbs every day, right? Already not that bad, to be honest, if you ask me. A few things you could play around with, just a few extra lessons right here for you guys, is that now you can play with font, weight, for example, and I eat, you put this a little smaller, like medium, and carbs every day, also like medium, and suddenly it's just way easier for the eye, basically, you know, as you can see right here. So you kind of read this. I actually like it quite a lot, right? But just to kind of make you understand that, yeah, the hook is cool. The spoken hook is cool. It opens up some sort of curiosity gap with what she says and what she has You know, this challenge is a common belief, but all of this is still pretty off. So let's actually try to fix that. And what I'm going to do is I'll pull this picture into Chatubity and actually try to create a nice looking frame to just prove the point for you right here. Create a real screenshot where you put her into the frame. Nice lighting, natural, and a kitchen with a big bowl of unhealthy carbs in the bottom half of the screen. I wrote this because I want to create even more sort of a contrast because, you know, curiosity gaps and stuff like this. Scroll, stopping visual, hook real, aspect ratio, 9 by 16. Let's just see what it will come up with. All right, so awesome. This actually looks very close. Man, this is just insane. So let's just take this one. Just to prove a point, let me just put this right here. It kind of overlaps, so I'm going to flip the colors. A very easy way. Black and white, white on black. It's all the same. You know, if we overlay this, still pretty good. And you can just see basically the difference, right? Of a shot like this and a shot like this. Especially if you have some nasty carbs right there, maybe make them even grazier, more unhealthy. And suddenly people are going to have a reason to stick around and be like, really? What's she doing? How does she do it? I love noodles. Right. Next one, Stefan from Slovakia. His problem is actually getting reached and I can actually instantly see why. So let's go step by step right here. So first of all, the first thing, the first impression that I have is amazing, great pictures, especially these ones. And you can understand what's going on. Carousels are always better than actual pictures, but here's the thing. Even with carousels, you need, you need a hook in some form. In this case, it's really, there's no hook. There's just a picture, you know, and just a different version of the same picture. Now to kind of come back to the elements of every hook needs to contain is first of all, a, you know, like a setup of something that makes people in your target audience actually care and ideally plants some sort of picture in hindsight. And that gives them a reason to stick around because they want that question to be answered at some point, because that's exactly what they're interested in and something that they ideally identify with. So with that being said, the profile that you have also has to sort of pass this. It's exactly what I'm looking for. It's what I, what's interesting for me, sort of test. And that one is totally off here because this is the first part of the profile, by the way, you're from Slovakia and this is Bratislava. I hang out there quite, quite a lot. Actually, most people who find you through reels actually come to this feed. And if you take a look here, that is totally off, right? There's a big mismatch between the photo feed and actually the reels feed. And here there's basically great pics, but no hooks at all. And here's actually bad reels. If you ask me, if we just take a look at this one right here, honestly, pretty bad reels, even though it's kind of funny. Very, very bad reels, to be honest, and bad hooks, right? And that instantly takes away all the credibility that you have. So let's take a look at this one. Who can relate? Let's mute this here, but basically talk about the hook. And then this first frame right here, it looks pretty bland, right? What is the need? Ask yourself, what is the need you fulfill for your target audience with this? What is the question that you want to plant in people's head? Who can relate is not a strong question because I'm like, I don't know what this even is about, so I'm gone, right? So to me, this kind of looks like it's trying to farm views, especially with this twist at the end there, but it's not really serving a purpose, not really talking to your actual target audience, which is, I guess, people who are into your photography, right? And the thing is, especially about photography accounts on Instagram, seeing as this was the first big platform for photographers, things have changed quite a bit, right? It's not just about photos anymore, unfortunately, right? And I can kind of understand the frustration Lots of photographers have, but these days are over because there's just a million photographers and taking pictures is a skill set, but there's just a lot of people out there, right? So what you actually need to focus on with all these things is thinking about the story within the photo, the emotional connection within a photo, right? Making people relate with either the photo or the photographer, ideally, right? Again, why? Because there's a gazillion photographers out there and you're not special. That is until they get to understand your personality or your why, or the emotions behind it, like I said. So again, just this one, take a look at this picture, like just a bunch of pictures. Unfortunately, I don't understand what's going on right Not even a voiceover. So this one looks cool. Let's take a look. I need to mute this. But yeah, pictures, cool pictures, but that's just about it. Now, let me show you an example from a former client of mine who was going through the career mentorship at basically from zero. And he's doing every, all of these things, obviously that I talked about right now, pretty, pretty well. This is Consti. He's in somewhat of a different photography niche, but also a very, very saturated one, the wildlife photography one. Let's just take a look at some of his examples. Obviously, for example, my photos 10 years ago versus now. And it's also basically just showing pictures, but suddenly we have a connection. First of all, we see where we see him in some crazy gear with a crazy camera and some crazy setting. So a story instantly unfolds. And what is the question in my head? First of all, what is he doing? Is he a very professional photographer and what's going to happen? Because now I'm invested 10 years ago. He's been doing this for a while. He's actually looks pretty young still. So, you know, then continues to go, but we'll just talk about the hooks right here. Not bad photos, but some are kind of bad. And then again, my photos now taught a better or not. And that doesn't matter in this case, actually the quality of the photos doesn't matter that much in this case, because people are ideally people are going to fight anyway in the comments. And that would, that's what makes people go viral, but it's basically people getting brought on the journey, right? It's suddenly you're like with him. He shows some emotion as well, smiling somewhere here, you know, for example. And it's such a different frame if you ask me, right? So people are going to be like, like, how can I create photos? Like you, man? Like why did you, how can you travel? Why, where did you learn all of this and stuff like this? And then, you know, people ask you this, obviously it's the whole monetization avenue because you can teach people that. And suddenly your life is just changing directions and ways you've never basically thought about before. So whereas if we go back to Stefan's videos, zero emotional connection, even with the cool, like these ones are amazing. I love these, but even there, right? The connection is just not there because we don't, we don't even get to the point of looking at the videos more closely because we just don't care. Cause there's so many photos out there, right? So to recap here, think about what major pain points your audience actually cares about, and then make that first frame and hook so compelling that people just need to keep watching, Try to figure out whether your hook makes viewers have a question or not. So go back to your hooks and think about what is the question you want people to pop in their head when watching this. And in this case, this is not even about photography. I don't even know what's going on versus right. Something clearly, even one that's not performing. I mean, that's the same kind of example right here, but something totally different. Now I'm anticipating what's the shot and why, why did it get a hundred K look beautiful delivers on the promise right away, actually elevates it. Beautiful. Awesome. All right. Last one is Ella, a morning coffee creator. And she says she struggles with views and a stagnant following. So let's take a look at one video from her. I'm going to put some different music in there because YouTube's going to flag it, but remember this video, by the way, we've kind of pulled her through the hook generator already at some point in one of our recent videos, probably you don't remember because nobody seems to watch this thing, but essentially I have a free hook generator that where you can screenshot this whole thing, pull it in. And here's what the hook generator actually set. It gave this whole thing a hook score of three out of 10 said that I would say this hook sucks. And I actually agree because there's zero curiosity and no emotional trigger in there. Remember very similar to the things we talked about before. And if we look here, first of all, everything looks kind of cluttered. So we don't even know like it's even so, so cluttered here that there's no real focus on this latte and it doesn't kind of stand out. And this just clutters it too much. Plus the text overlays with all the other things, as well as honestly, this even makes me more confused here just because it's all like a mash of a lot of things coming together based off of all the principles that we talked about before, planning a picture, planning a question, actually, and making a first frame decluttered and, um, actually opening some sort of curiosity loop, curiosity gap. Here's what I would do right here. And for this case, let's go back to her old friend, Chachabitty, because I don't want to go downstairs and create a coffee. I can't do that. Obviously. Otherwise I would have a coffee account. Let's just pull this in there. And I say, create me an aesthetic Instagram, real first frame shot of a vanilla blueberry ice latte and a glass. I give some context, blah, blah, blah. It doesn't matter, but let's see what it comes up with. Here's what it came up with. Looks pretty good. Actually, honestly, it looks pretty, pretty good, man. It looks so real, but let's just pull this in to Photoshop and let's just compare the two examples right there. As you can see right here, it's a total difference. It's like night and day. And honestly, you might be like, this is way harder to create. I need like cameras and stuff like this. You actually don't. With your phone, if your phone is less than, let's say four years old, you can recreate this shot basically without having any extra equipment apart from maybe a light. But then again, if you have a window in your kitchen, easy to do, right? Just notice that here, like all the shadows coming together and the wall, no depth in the image and stuff like this. Total difference, right? Now, with that being said, this looks actually pretty cool. Looks actually a little similar here as well. One thing I can see is that this blueberry thing, don't ask me if it really looks like this. But let's just say. The first thing I would add here is a visual hook, a text hook. Sorry, text hook. This in and of itself is a visual hook already. We don't want to give away like she does here, vanilla blueberry iced latte. Because maybe people in her target audience might be like, okay, this is something weird. But I would see this, I'd be like, it's nothing weird. I just don't feel like it right now. I'm going to swipe away. Whereas you want people even like me who are remotely interested in interesting coffees to think, oh, that is interesting. I wonder what that is. I wonder how it tastes, right? Thinking about the question. So the first thing I would do is basically open the curiosity gap here and say something like this coffee should not taste good, for example. Not, and then, you know, same old spiel. We're just going to create some background overlay that Instagram is going to do anyway for you. Let's make it white, for example. Should not taste good. Instantly better. One thing from before, instead of playing around with the font weight, we can play around with the color picker. Notice how if I use red, it instantly looks a little off and cheapish. It still looks cool, but honestly, honestly, see, in this case to make things cool, just play around with it, but not, I mean, why not? Let's just use the red one. Why not? Put a bunch of dots here just to open it more. There you go. Look at this. But now my friends, we're getting even deeper because that in itself is already a strong hook, way better to this. Let's open the loops even more. Cause if you look, this coffee should not taste good. Cool. Opens a loop, but instantly we kind of see, okay, has something to do with blueberries. So I'm like, I already kind of get half the answer. So I solved it myself. So there's no need for me to keep watching. So here's what I would actually do. Sneaky little trick that I would do here to make this even crazier. First of all, take the blueberries, blur them. Maybe blur them even more just so people kind of get a sense of what's going on. And then what I want is something like Honestly, I think yellow is better, but again, a lot of the times I would actually recommend you to do it with any, with Photoshop or with whatever you have until you kind of get a feel for what looks good and how to kind of edit elements in there. You just play around with it and you can see this one is actually, see, I would have never thought about this color. I'd be like yellow, red, but like just doing that with the whole composition here. Now I lost that. This looks actually pretty, pretty cool. Now let's do some outer glow because I'm a nerd. And suddenly you have a first frame where you're like, what is this? And then you basically show what to do and don't give away this thing until all the way at the end. But this is all part of another video, but you could just see night and day difference. So if you want to get your accounts and content reviewed for free, link is in the description. And if you implement these things and you're still stuck, obviously it's because your whole content strategy is off and the rest of your video is off. So watch this video next and I'll walk you through a process that will make you go grow better than ever before.

  Top Comments:
  1. @heyDominik [2 likes]: ⭐ Work with me 1:1: https://creatormentorship.com?video=Xqy9L-88wcw 
🪝 Analyze Your Hooks (Free AI Bot): https://heydominik.com/hookbot?video=Xqy9L-88wcw
  2. @marcusss4-m3e [1 likes]: Nice video, the faceless content tips were simple, practical, and easy to follow 👍
  3. @TexasTrophyHusband [1 likes]: Mike McDaniel! Wow
  4. @BhaispittaFootballClub: 18:50 
Slightly Better hook

This coffe should not TASTE this good...
  5. @BhaispittaFootballClub: 10:00 better hook:-
Only photographers can relate
(Explanation in caption) 
The bracket part need to smaller and in different font if you can
  6. @Andy_Clip: So cool ❤
  7. @devika_banerjee: Very helpful video, explained clearly and easy to follow 👌
  8. @Thediaryofbigvari: 2:25 😂😂😂😂😂
  9. @minoutte: Do you still do the reviews? I'd like to have my contents being reviewed.
  10. @thejalenfleming: What editing platform are you using?
  11. @papapancakerias: U look like elon musk no joke. I dont mean that to be rude or anything u literally look like him with glasses and different facial hair
  12. @GursoyKarabulut-q3j: Thank you for the Video
  13. @Shufflezzz-m7y: im starting a new business, so had to start a new IG... came in toyesterday with a whopping 12 followers, posted what i thought was a great reel and left the day with 11 followers... not very encouraging, lol
  14. @JeetRay-s8x: Bro please hindi audio
  15. @gameswithkids254: you changed my perspective thank you
  16. @vitaminb4869: You're mixing up all types of creators into a single cookie cutter pattern of hook-shmook and release dogma. Photography is a different category, where the audience is there for the visual aspect of it, not some flashy IG reel crap. Most of the audience are photographers themselves, they couldn't care less about the IG/tiktok brain rot reels.
  17. @heyyitsevan: bro really explained it so well without sounding boring once 😭🔥
  18. @mbuzzz495zi: 🎉🎉
  19. @Shortshorts10000: its all about the hook!
  20. @Studio81000: I will go viral real soon!

- Facebook Threshold Update Method | Facebook Threshold Method 350$ | Facebook Ads Threshold Free: Kind: captions Language: en If you also want to get the $350 threshold from Facebook , then this video is for you guys. In this video we are going to share a complete method with you. You can get $350 in free credit from Facebook using that method and you can use that credit to run As It Is ad campaigns. I will show you live proof that the $350 credit is 100% available. So that is why you all have to watch the video completely so that you do not miss any point and so that you too can get access to our method. Every person can benefit from this method. Yes, friends, you can see that we have come to our ID in which we have got a credit of $350. I will also show this to you by refreshing the page so that you people can know that this credit has actually been given because many people comment below and say that you inspect. fixed bugs. That's why I will again refresh it and show it to you so that as it is, you can build trust that we have actually received a credit of $350. This is our first ID, this is our second ID, in which I will refresh it and show it. We also got a $350 credit inside of this. So, this just made us a script for just $350 worth of credit. By which you increase your threshold. And you can use this threshold to run the As It Is campaign. Now, I would like to tell those users who have come this far that to get access to the method, they have to follow my steps carefully. Anyone who skips or watches the video will not get access to the method. If he comes later and gives me access to take it from me, then my brother will not get access to him. So the method of taking the car is simple. You guys have to come to our website. Our website will be something like this, Yaar Ali Tech.com, you have to click on Make Sure Sign Up. If you do not have an account then you have to give your details here and click on I Agree. You have to sign up by clicking on I am not reported. Okay, this is how Verify Your Email Address will appear. You guys have to verify your Gmail. For that you people have to open the mail. fixed bugs? So here you will receive our mail in the spam folder. You have to open the spam folder and from here click on verify email address. Then your account will be verified. Now you have to come and click on the courses tab. Now here you will find it on the fourth number, Facebook Threshold Update Method. You have to open it. Now the price here would be $50. You guys don't have to worry. This is the price inside the video. You don't have to worry. You will see some price which is $20 for lifetime access. Whenever the method is updated, the update will be available absolutely free of cost. Let us keep informing all our old users who have bought the method. You have to come again and see the updated method from the website. fixed bugs. You simply have to click on Buy Now. As soon as you click on Buy Now, three payment methods will be shown to you. There is PayPal, there is Pay with Crypto, there is your Easy Money , there is JSh. Those people who are thinking that we can get it for free, then my brother it is not possible for free because it is a very complicated method. You can search the entire YouTube. No one will share this method with you for less than $100. But your brother is giving you the set method for lift for $20. Support is being provided absolutely free of cost. Whenever the method is updated, you will get the update absolutely free of cost. And here you have to fill up the billing details etc. Let me inform you one thing here. This offer is valid only till 12:00 PM Pakistani Time on the day of the offer. Just for this, will you comment below? Yes, it should have been given for free. This Amazon will comment back and forth. Whatever he is, he can only do what he is and nothing else. If you want to make payment through PayPal, select here and continue, then you can make payment through PayPal. If you want to pay with crypto, then by selecting here and continuing, you can also make payment through pay with crypto. If you want to make payment through Easy Paisa, New Pay, Bank etc. then you have to select here. Click on continue. You must have given the details of the new pay here. Payment has to be made on this. After making the payment, upload the screenshot here and submit it. As soon as you click on the submit button, you have to wait here for a few seconds. As soon as you wait here for a few seconds, it will redirect you to the dashboard. Our transaction status will be something like this: pending. You have to wait here for a little while, maximum for 2 minutes. After 2 minutes have passed, you have to refresh it. After refreshing, your transaction status will become Paid. Now you have to come to the purchase. Once there, click on Action. If you click on download, then you will find all our course and all the things like muscle script etc. in it. Stay carefree. fixed bugs. Now, for those who have already bought the method or for those who get any update even after buying it, you people have to join our WhatsApp community. We keep updating there. So after that, if any update comes on the website again, then you have to log in to the website and click on your name. You have to come to Purchase and here you have to click on Again Action. Download. So whatever new update has come, you get it. If you still have any doubt or question, you can ask me in the comment box or directly on WhatsApp or you can also ask me on Instagram etc. So Inshallah you will definitely get a reply. The better situation is that you buy the method first. If there is any offer available. If the offer ends, then later if someone comes and leaves one message and sends 1 lakh messages, we will not compromise on this method. We will not reduce the payment within this. So if you liked the video then please like it. Please give your review in the comments. So see you in the next video.

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @jankijain210: The remixing strategy from Meta Ad Library is pure gold. Such a practical approach to building a reliable ad framework🎯📊
  3. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  4. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  5. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  6. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  7. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  8. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  9. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  10. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  11. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  12. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  13. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  14. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  15. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  16. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  17. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  18. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  19. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  20. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.

- Facebook Ads Andromeda Update Is KILLING Your Sales (Do This ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en So Meta just dropped its biggest algorithm all bit in years and it's killing sales for a lot of business owners who advertise on Meta. Campaigns that used to print money are now tanking overnight. Lead cost is getting extremely expensive. Roas is dropping and everyone is in panic mode trying to figure out what the hell just happened. But here's the truth. This update is rewriting everything we thought we knew about Facebook ads. So, in this video, I'm breaking down exactly what changed, why it's killing sales for so many business owners, and what you can do starting today to make this update work in your favor. If you don't know who I am, my name is Daniel Akobar. I'm a growth marketer with over 9 years of experience helping 7 to 8 figure businesses scale online. Everything I'm going to share here today is coming straight from what's working for our agency clients right now. So there's [music] no fluff, no theory, just battle tested stuffs that has moved the needle. So if you find this video valuable, the only thing I ask in return is going to give me feedback. Let me know in the comments section below if this video is valuable for you. This is going to help me a ton and more importantly, it's going to help me know the next content to create for you. Does that sound cool? All right, let's jump right into it. So what's this update that's destroying our performance? It's called Andromeda, [music] Meta's new AI recommendation engine. Think of it like how YouTube recommends the next video to watch based on what you've just recently watched and not necessarily the channels you subscribe to years ago. Have you ever noticed that the channels you subscribe to just disappear from your feed even though they still post consistently? That's what Andromeda is doing to Facebook ads right now. So instead of showing ads based on old interest or outdated data and looks at your realtime behavior, which is what you clicked, how long you stayed on a landing page, where you dropped off and most importantly what you bought. Say for example, you clicked on an ad on weight loss. You check out the landing page for a bit. You scrolled and then but you didn't quite buy and looks at that and goes, "Hm, this person is actually interested in losing weight, but maybe the business didn't quite hit the right message." Then what it does is that it goes back into this massive pool of ads and start showing you other competitors with better angles or stronger creatives. [music] And it does this in real time for every single user. That's why your prospects are showing up to the sales scores already comparing you with three or five different competitors because they've seen the offers out there. They know the pricing and perhaps maybe they even know what makes you different from others. But here's where it gets brutal. those days where you could take a winning ad and swap hooks or maybe change the text in the button. Some people [music] rewrite the the single line and call it a new creative. That's gone. And don't sees all that as the same old ad. And guess what? It buries it. That's why your best performing ad from a few months back is suddenly flatlining because Meta doesn't just want high clickthrough rate anymore or high conversion. It wants engagement. It wants freshness. He wants users to feel like every eye they see is [music] new. Something that resonates with them. So now that we know what's happening, I think it's time to talk about how to fix it. One of the first things we need to know right now is that creative is a king. Let Andromeda figure out who to show those ads to. Your job is to make it so compelling it wins the moment it appears. I had this client that for the sake of this video, we're going to call Sarah. She's a weight loss coach who came to me frustrated. She ran the same winning ad across seven different ads set. It was pretty money for months. Then suddenly the ad performance dropped over 70%. Nothing changed. Same budget, same audience, same creative. But Andromeda decided it was still. So here's how we fixed it. We made 10 to 40 completely new ads targeting different angles, [music] ideas, and emotions. Because we know that the game has changed. Users on Meta are now more sophisticated. They are aware now not just of your product but out of three to five or even more competitors and everything in between. To win your ass needs to speak to where your customers is mentally. There are five awareness level and your ass needs to meet them where they are. We have unaware. These are people who don't even know they have a problem. We have problem aware. This one's they know they have a problem but they don't know what the solution is. We have solution aware. They know the solution exist but they don't know about yours. [music] We have product aware. They've seen you. They know what you offer, but they're not yet ready to buy. For most aware, these guys, they want to buy. They just need the right notch. So, what we did for her is that we wrote those ads to target [music] each of those awareness level. And I don't want you to fret because it's quite simple. We have a ton of AI [music] tools that can help us whip up ads in a second. The key thing here is to know exactly what prompts to give. Let's jump over to Child GTB for a second. If you look at this, all I just did here with this prompt is this. Write a meta ad for a person who wants to lose weight but whose market sophistication is unaware which means that they don't know they have a problem. And see what it does. It did it beautifully work. Look at the headline. Why do you feel so tired even after a full night's sleep? And if you go into the body, look at this. It's not just stress or age. Your body might be sending a quiet signal that it's struggling to keep up. Thousands of people feel this exact way every day and never realize there's a simple reason behind it. What this copy is doing is describing the problem, not exactly saying this is the issue and this is how to fix it. It's describing the issue, letting the person know if you're feeling tired, come in here to find out why. But here's something I want to show you. We're rewriting this exact script. But here's what's different. This time let us focus on people who are product aware meaning that they know about your product and that it's one possible solution for weight loss problem. And you can see there's a completely different copy written and all we changed was the awareness level. Look at this. You've seen product A before but here's what makes it actually work. And look at it. And it goes into how the product is going to help you. Like is it like won't it help you lose weight without starving yourself or spending hours at the gym? straight to the point. And this is what we did for the client. We whipped up ads like this between 10 to 40 [music] ads all bundled into a single adset. But for now, we can have multiple adsets with maybe two or three ads within it. Those days are gone. Now, Andominer has the ability to figure the level of awareness this prospect [music] have. So, it's going to just brine itself choose which of the ads it'll serve to the person. And during just this, Sid's account was able to go up by 30% in just two weeks. Now, here's the part where it gets interesting and where we're seeing huge wins for our clients within our agency. It's what I like to call the dead time problem. Here's what happens for most of my clients. They're often running high ticket offers. So, someone sees your ads, likes what they see, and book a call with the client stay. That's awesome, right? But then there's usually a few days between when they book and when the actual call happens. In the old days, this gap doesn't matter. But with Andromeda, that dead time can kill deals. But remember, Meta doesn't stop showing your lead ads during that window. It still shows those leads ads from your competitors. But here's what we do. We fight that with retargeting ads during that dead time. We run testimonial videos ads. We do origin stories, sometimes case studies videos, and anything that reminds the prospect why they booked the call in the first place. But most importantly, we use data from [music] past sales calls to figure out what objections keep coming up and then crush them in the ad. [music] This one shift alone has been a gamecher for our clients, helping them stay profitable for a really long time. But here's the truth. This isn't the last update Meta will roll out. They will keep evolving, optimizing, and changing things because that's what the platform [music] does. Meta will always tweak, optimize, and mess what's working. The real question is this. How do you stay profitable no matter what they change? The answer is in your back end because cheap leads means [music] nothing if your system can't convert. For example, did you know that just calling new leads within 5 minutes of submission can triple your revenue? It's little tweaks like this that move the needles fast. And that's exactly what we do for our clients here. We review their entire system to make sure that the ads and the back system work in unison to produce a profitable result. So, if you're an online service-based business doing at least $100,000 a month and you want us to help you scale again, check the link in the description and book a call with my team. And if you find this video helpful, don't hesitate to smash that like button, subscribe to my channel, and turn on the notification bell. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AfulikeNnenna [1 likes]: Omo… we are sleeping on your content! You explained it perfectly
  2. @danielakpobare: Apply To Work With My Agency 👉   https://danielakpobare.typeform.com/to/ijjFrm4c

Thanks for watching! I really hope you enjoyed the video as much as I enjoyed making it.

I’d love to hear your thoughts or any questions you might have—so be sure to drop a comment below! Your feedback means a lot to me, and I can’t wait to chat with you!
  3. @babaimadu8711: Very insightful
  4. @cribsrealty_realestate: Wow I just subscribed to.. this is the best I’ve seen so far and it’s a game changer for me

- How to Choose Images That Make Your Ads Convert | Visual Marketing Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Are you feeling like your ads are visually lacking? It all starts with the right image. Hi, I'm Paige from Weldwin Marketing and I'm here to help you choose visuals that actually convert. Lowquality or overly posed images can turn leads away. Instead, make a strong first impression with highresolution images, at least 1,200x 628 pixels, so your ad looks clean and professional on any device. People want to see themselves in your ads. That means using authentic, candid imagery of real people genuinely interacting with your product or experience. Marketing is for humans after all, so don't forget to include them. Speaking of clarity, don't forget your safe zone. Remember to keep your images focused clear and within guides. Keep any important information you want conveyed away from the edges to avoid getting cropped in the feed. The right image doesn't just grab attention, it drives results. So, pick with purpose and let your visuals speak before you even say a word. Thanks for watching.

- how to create high converting facebook ad images | Sales Graber facebook ad image | Pixocial: Kind: captions Language: en we are going to cover up a live project please watch the full video to understand what we do before designing a ad image hello and welcome guys in this video we are going to cover up a live project i think it's a dropship product we got the work from a client he's from morocco i think okay so he send uh uh send us the the message in our email uh you can see the email on the description box we have that i dropped the email you can also contact us for any work any type of graphic design work we can do anything just mail me and we will replay soon as soon as possible okay so he send send us a message that hello pixel show i need a facebook ad image it's a mosquito killer watch band i need something eye-catching okay he needs something eye-catching and unique okay he needs something eye-catching and unique and i want to beat my concurrence i mean it means that he want to beat his competitors so the ad image must have to be a high performing ad image okay so i scrutinized his message and his message is so little and not so big and he didn't explain all things perfectly but it's not the problem we have much experience and we can uh grab all those information perfectly from a little message so i i scrutinize all things and i got three points from his message that he his main target is uh the ad image yes uh every um every marketer or every product promoter uh target is have to um the target is the ad must have to be a high performing ad image and the second thing i got it from his message that the ad must have you have to be emotionally attention grabber and the colors uh which is uh which will go in the ad must have to be eye-catching yes the color makes uh add eye catching okay so i got the three points from his messages and i blend his i i just read his message and i blend with our experience and i got more three points which is so expensive and so important uh to design it actually i am just showing you uh the things to show you that what we researched before designing a ad and what is actually needed to design ad image perfectly so i got three more points which is so important and the thing is the ad must have to be easily understandable and that have to be able to grab attention in one second and it it have to be able uh to take action as a viewer uh in six to seven seconds it it makes uh at the second point and the first two point make a mixer add high performing if the first two point is missing from your ad the ad never going to be high performing at all uh we have five years experience five plus uh years experience so we're just uh saying and this thing uh based our experience and uh uh i i get another point that is that must have to be traffic targeted just because uh he need uh emotionally attracted ad so the uh it's have to be a traffic targeted ad if you have a targeted traffic and yeah if uh we get that the power the point that you have a targeted traffic then it will help us to make a high performing ad image perfectly so it's a really important thing and yeah this this is our uh research and its price is 40 but we discount 10 and we are doing the project in 30 so yeah let's start the project let's start the designing we're on the photoshop and uh he need a facebook feed uh static ad image so its size is 118 pixel into 180 pixel and the resolution will be 72 and just because it's a way bad way banner red so the color must have to be rgb color so let's create that and let's start designing okay we have that and let's start designing it's it's our it's our product and let's start this let's start designing the ad too many thoughts on my mind i can't sleep at night so i just keep writing i don't need no help i don't need opinions so don't waste my time then i just been living online my city don't show me no love and that's fine but local radio stations i got more plays than all of these rappers combined i'm going i'm going again i've been going in i'm fed up with so many things we're using the family photo to uh make the ad emotionally just because his target audience is family uh family uh heads like uh father mother uh this is a this is his targeted audience so we are using a family photo suite family photo to uh make it emotionally attention grabber so yeah it's so it's our i don't know what's target trying to get what i've just been imagining getting close and i've just been examining all the factions the game has been packaged i know i will everything i'm working on [Music] product image and we use a shadow to make it more realistic to make it perfect to get a perfect view to make the ad 100 pure and get organic but they not do everybody wanna copy you but they're not you everybody wanna be cool but they're not new whoa look how i go don't be a dentist i still got the flow never gonna lose cause i'm still doing both we just done uh half of our work now it's time to and the ad is already uh eye-catching at but there is uh now something is missing uh to make it more uh eye-catching and action taker so we are going to work more on it and stay tuned with us to uh see how it works and after uh to get the main result when i'm gone okay i just took my time to make the name tag and on the design just because of the text uh we we have to research uh research much to get a perfect headline text motivational line slogan to that's why i just uh paused a little but we showed the how we design all those things but still still we have something missing in our ad image before uh uh moving on i went i want to show you that this is the text and this is the line now obviously the mosquito killer was when it promote this thing and make sure you all stay bite free it promotes that save your family from mosquitoes bite killing bites yes these things and we can't use so much text on facebook at uh facebook ad image so that's why we use less text and much design yes this is the technique and uh for proving thing we designed this then the tag that is 80 musketeers approved yes it's really eighty percent mosquitoes have approved and licensed thing that's why we use used it in our ad still there is something missing and we are going to add this thing and we are going to add some mosquitoes the concept is the mosquito is flying over running and they're just shocked they're scared and they're uh running away going away it's our concept so let's start the concept well let's start the designing this is our mosquitoes model and they're so funny i still got the flow never gonna lose because i'm still doing both never gonna lose cuz i've been on the road come to your state and i'm killing the show know that i'm young and i still gotta grow know that i'm working the most no i'm never gonna choke and i'm looking back down on the people below let's add some motion blur uh to make it realistic that yes uh it will looks like that yes they're really running away yeah it's perfect okay let's save the and let's see what is the main result okay for some reason we just moved the mosquito and we use this uh it's it's it's from our client he said us to make the revision and we've done that and yes it's the it's the main result and you can see what is the result the ad is so much eye-catching yes the color is so eye-catching that is awesome uh from my side and our client is also so happy he just sent us uh 15 more tips on on that and let me show you the main things on our on our so we use the logo color on as our overlay to make the ad looks official and we use the text color same as the logo color to make the ad official and the color and the logo color and the text color is uh kind of paste green type thing but yes it's it's it's a positive color and it promote uh truthness positive and it's a trusty color so it will perform high in in this topic it will perform high in this topic and the graphic shows that the mosquitoes is running away when they see the watch so it's promoting it's some mosquito killer watch or the watch band will save you from the mosquitoes uh and they don't they will not bite you and the product image will promote make sure about the safety about your family yeah so uh that's that's all the thing yes i can understand that you will understand what is i actually trying to say and uh you will get all those things perfectly in your head that what we do before designing an ad and what makes a ad perfect what makes that high performing what makes the ad successful ad image just because if your ad is not successful you the ad will never going to give you any profit it's so it's it's most important to make a ad perfect complete successful high performing yeah so no more today see you on our next video see you on our on our next live project till now see you stay happy stay safe and if you're new on our channel then subscribe our channel if you want to contact us uh for any type of work you can may you can mail us the our gmail is on the description box please check it see you bye

- How to choose a high converting image for your landing page: Kind: captions Language: en hello well I've so exciting how are you guys please let me know in the comments and the chat that you can hear me and that you can see me so that I know I'm not talking to myself mind today thanks today is gonna be a super quick one I know usually all webinars for about an hour and we are like a very set way that it works but I'm hoping to do something a bit different this time sorry I lost my voice a few weeks ago and still recovering thanks everyone thank MJ and Gabrielle and Douglas and soon and D and Dave you guys awesome - so as I was saying I'd like to do like a super intense quick webinar today's the first one I'm literally going to teach you something in like 15-20 minutes and it's more of a guidelines that I follow and I choose images and I'll get into that in a second and then I'm gonna let you ask your questions it could go on for five minutes ten minutes more whatever you guys want but it really is open hours just for you guys so I'm gonna pick a topic and every two weeks have 20 minutes 15 minutes and intense kind of workshop or teach you something and then let you ask questions so that's the goal today I'm talking about images I got a lot of questions about images they are so important I'll get into that in a minute why but with my work and with everything that I've been doing for for many years now I find that images choosing a right hero image for your landing page for your website for your ad are so imperative for conversions that's going to be the first thing that grabs your prospects attention so you really want to make sure that you are doing it correctly let me start by sharing my screen and I'm going to make sure that I can come see it let's say Sharon screen [Music] okay inception fantastic and there we go now on my phone I'm gonna open the chat cuz it wasn't smart enough to show it in a different way let's see okay guys so hopefully you couldn't see my screen let me know in the chat that that's working and that you're seeing the right side of the screen of it screams hopefully that's good awesome thank you Oh Jay okay let's get started so um I guess like actually you know what let me turn off camera because otherwise we're gonna have all these issues with slowing things down okay no it's gonna work better okay that is true that is not there's no image on my slide Scott thank you very much yeah well we're talking about landing pages on websites so whatever let's see basically I know talking about images right so on average we see between four hundred and ten thousand messages a day I think we're constantly bombarded with just the people trying to call us and contact us and trying to advertise to us and texting us and stuff so it really is very hard for us to focus on one thing and this is probably one of the main reasons potential customers easily and almost automatically navigate from one site to another without giving us much of a fort for the page that they actually just visitors you see as consumers we kind of move quickly from one competitor to another until something clicks in our brain right until something catches our attention because we're constantly seeing everything like everyone's trying to talk to us everyone's trying to find that what in it for me the values why should I stop everything that I'm doing right now and listen to you now copy is imperative copy is essential for success but really at the end of the day the image that you're using that's gonna be the number one thing that's going to stop people to just like take it in for a second most sounding pages actually show an image of the product and what I mean when I what I mean by image of the product is basically either screenshot of your product a photo of your part of you know the tool that you're selling on the solution that you're selling maybe a photo of someone using the solution but I am trying to definitely change that so waver and countless tests proving time and time again that value wins almost every time so instead of showing a photo or an image of the product or the solution it is so much better to show value let me show you what I mean so for example this company provides an all-in-one solution for creating birthday and party invitations the original landing page features images of the different templates available and it's a very product focused headline my custom online invitations and minutes very very kind of product oriented you can see it's actually a very you know it's a regular landing page it has the nice call-to-action it has a few images it's got that headline over there but it's all about the product and so are the images and this is something that we try to change so we did our entire methodology and research I'm not gonna get into that today but it's all about the emotion and this was a variation that we created actually we created quite a few variations this was the most successful ones so the variation we created kind of visualized the party scene for our potential customers utilizing different colors Jane Hudson ceilings of color psychology we have an image of a dog in the park a picnic basket you know there's wine there and this variation we focus on helping people envision the perfect party that they're going to have and it's essentially a great party starts with a great invitation and that's what it's about now the interesting thing yet is that results were amazing we got a 65 percent uplift in purchased subscriptions so I'm not just talking reveal that people that downloaded the product or people that implement in the product or even created presentations not presentations sorry invitations I'm talking about people that paid for an annual subscription because you couldn't pay for a one-time when we were doing this and this is the kind of thing I'm talking about of taking it away from the photos of your product taking it away from speaking about you're safe yourself making it about the pricing or the features or what your product or your solution looks like and making it more about the customer now in in this vigil here I'll be how it works is something that is there to put the customer at ease and make them feel that it is so much easier and simple to do but it might actually be and the idea is that we're trying to show value there are so many products out there that help you create invitations so I'll go with definitely to make you feel comfortable in doing that and kind of when when you come onto the website to feel that you know that this is the best product for you and instead of showing you what you know what the templates are which aren't really interesting we showed you the value of what you could create so that's how I'm going to show you how to do today I'm just gonna show you basically a list of my checklist of how I choose images so first just before we get started it's really important to do your research before choosing an image and what I mean by that is that you can't make assumptions about what you think is the value you can't make assumptions about what you think people should see you need to speak to people you need to actually understand then the data and what's happening you need to know the story so I use heat maps to really kind of understand what people are doing what are they clicking on what are they looking at I look at scroll maps I look at where people are looking on the page so I do surveys I do interviews I do comparative research my new stages of awareness I probably get into each one of these on a different webinar of how I do each one stages of awareness is one of my favorite I do a quick webinar not too but essentially if you really want to know and find that value that you should be portraying on the page you have to do all this you have to speak to customers you have to talk to them ask them the right questions and get into their minds you have to ask them the right questions you have to do interviews you have to do competitive research not necessarily just copying from them but looking at what other people are doing to understand the value that they are proposing so these are kind of the first things you want to do before choosing an image but say you've done this say you have you know chosen you've done all the research you now know the value that the customer is looking for here's how you know here are the six rules that I follow for choosing high converting images and this is going to be pretty quick and then you guys can just like dive in and ask me questions I can see people are kind of commenting in the chat so I'll definitely answer those so number one is use real relatable and authentic images now a successful image is one that your customers can relate to this can be either by seeing themselves in the image or someone they want to be like someone that reflects their challenges their values are someone they can they want to connect with so it's not a photo of themselves but they need to see themselves in the image use effective images of people and avoid ones that clearly look like stock photos like this one here it's bought you know obviously this is a stock photo it is so obvious you know you're gonna see this on other pages you know best-case scenario if I was you I'd use real images of your customers or your team now I know that that's really hard to ask not everyone can do a photo shoot you know and get their customers on camera or the team on but if you can't do that then try and choose your images wisely I mean a quick Google Images search can show you how many companies are already using that image so I'd like you to ask yourself is this image authentic will my customers relate to it or does it look like in this case you know this is a bad image this is a stock photo one of my favorite websites to use to find authentic images actually unsplash I don't know if you guys have tried it out but it's a great place they're just get inspiration for photos and images you know it's a you know it's as I am sorry I don't know your full name but as Ian says here you know it's a bit sometimes it's a budget constraint you don't really have the money to put into you know photo shoot but maybe even reaching out to your customers or top clients and saying you know do you mind sending a good photo of yourself many people like to be featured in these kind of things I've done amazingly well with photos of actual customers and clients and a testimonial and I'll show you an example this is gusto they all know how that on the other hand have an image of this woman sitting in front of her desk and smiling now I don't really know if this is an authentic image if it's a real photo of an HR person or a stock photo but it feels real do you guys let me know in the chat do you see the difference between this and this right it feels real and there's a connection between the image and a headline right so for HR people who do everything these people really understand who they are you know who their customer is and they're showing this type of person within their image now as Chris says maybe that is an actress you know maybe it's all that everyone knows but it's someone that they pay you know they took the time to show someone authentic someone that looks authentic and I think people can relate to so you know she feels welcoming someone you might want to meet someone you might want to talk to and I think this is a difference between an authentic image that you can relate to as a target audience this is images that look just look nice and have a cool composition male chips new homepage I don't have that in here it's just I'm kind of disappointed it like you can see but it's a Sox photo there's like really weird illustrations on it I don't get it I don't feel that it's connecting with their target audience but they are a very broadband brand that allow themselves to do these kind of things so again I mean I'm sure there's things that they could do gusto to optimize these images as Scot says but it's so much you know there's such a big difference between this and this right okay number two reduce visual noise so look at this image drives me nuts as you've seen you know images capture most of the attentive mind of our landing page visitor ok so the first thing people see and it's what determines if they will hang around and take a few more seconds to read and understand your offer so this means that other than choosing a good strategic image you also need to make sure that you're reducing the noise it creates so it doesn't have a negative effect okay we need to make sure that it's easy for customers to quickly see what's in it for them and assess your services so you know it's I mean look at this image it's you can't even read the text there's a lot going on here I'm not really sure what's going on there's like three calls to action so that obviously is a huge problem that I would you know stay away from but there's so much choice right and then like if you look at this a completely new model for talent development guys this is so noisy there's like five different people on this image none of them are looking at anything it's unrelated to anything it's hard to read the text there's so many things on the page too so like there's books and there's like a screen that's it's just so many colors and so many things going on so even when you do choose a good strategic image you really need to choose something that has doesn't create as much noise as this one would so there's actually three rules to that there's high contrast between the image the page content to photo you know make sure that it's distraction clean so there's no distraction going on and consider the colors you use I actually only like to use tops to three colors of each image just so it is you know understood that these are the things that stand out you know Chris says if that's exactly how the hero image on my homepage looks like white text and far too busy image great so I mean I'm so happy that you know this now and that you can maybe change it around I mean sometimes these people what they did is they made the image of it darker so that you could see the text on it but seriously guys think about how you can reduce the noise remove all the stuff that doesn't need to be here and only use the things that make sense okay rule number three cuz as usual I'm over time so use images as directional cues our main image is there to create a certain atmosphere and feeling and value but it's also there to navigate the customer in the right direction and pull them sorry and point them towards the next step so for you guys it might be subscribing downloading something maybe needing something whatever it is you need to make sure that you're using the image to direct people's attention you'll mostly notice this actually within products themselves but the same color repeats itself so the call to action is always in the same color background colors are always the same because people need to see the color and immediately know what they need to do and the same thing is with images so I like this kind of look because they've got the pens and the computer and everything around the call-to-action so it really does give you a sense that the call to action is the most important part here another cool way that's really known you know getting the actual hero image to look at the call to action I know it's cliche but it works you know also arrows work but just I like the idea of having your hero image support the call to action it's so imperative and works really well okay rule number four avoid carousels and autoplay videos you know I know it's tempting but if you're using a carousel it's probably because you just can't commit to like one image on your page I am really an empty carousels they almost always reduce conversion rates I mean I'm really against best practices and I don't believe in them but guys I've tested this so many times carousels they grab your customers attention people spend more time clicking those arrows and moving between images then actually you know taking the action that they're supposed to so please remove the carousels and even they even if it looks really cool and even if GoPro does it do not use older also play videos on your landing pages or home page because instead of converting people are watching that stuff move and let's go back to what we said before you know 4,000 to 10,000 messages a day we are all over the place we need someone to tell us what to do we need that cognitive assistance to say hey Talia welcome click this button it's right for you instead of all this stuff that's going on here ok so I know it's tempting especially an e-commerce but do not use carousels maybe test that that's what I be testing for okay number five mobile mobile Mobile ok I mean this and listen itself is just like a huge presentation and I probably do another webinar just on mobile for you guys but you know on mobile images they tend to look stretched they take too long to load sometimes they completely dominate the page and like completely take it over and sometimes they move all of your content below the fold and you can't see anything or they just don't make sense because it works it looks good on desktop but then it doesn't make any sense on mobile so anytime you launch a landing page or your website or anything don't forget to queue a mobile I'm not even going to get into the fact that you should probably design mobile first and then adapted to desktop because I know that's a hard thing to ask the most people but guys mobile matters more than desktop QA it just get people to look at the photo and the image that you're using is it taking up all the space isn't stretched is it taking too long to load a simple you know fix can decrease the loading time and increase your conversions so that was number five number six and I'm almost finished is a be test your image strategy okay as I said vast majority of businesses use the image of their solution on the landing page or like this company did they use a photo of someone using the product test it if you have a hard time convincing people in your company to change the value proposition of the photo and the image and you you know people just want you to show a screenshot of the product then test it here's you know the image that we did and we test we did an a/b test we saw I think it was 70 percent increase I can't really remember the exact numbers doesn't really matter the goal here is to understand that over here we were showing the image over here we were showing the value proposition so this is a company that helps you back up all of your data and keep it safe we took it to the emotional place of saving all your memories because they're precious and we saw 70 plus increase so again so imperative a be test everything if you can if you don't have enough traffic or conversions and we'll talk about that in a second then don't a be test it but tested over time so yeah those are the six bullet points and the six rules that I follow really simple really quickly if you want to download more resources on this you can go on to this new page that we have with all our resources but I think that covers it and I am as I said it's gonna be quick you see a Mac can you see me okay so I know that was super quick I didn't get to read everything of all your questions so guys shoot me your questions tell me what do you is you know issues with choosing an image for your landing page or for your website but what is the thing that comes up that you're worried about and I'm going to quickly go back and chat and see if anyone says in and says the problem I have thus far is wait no that's not about the presentation high quality photo of bad posing or probably score lower on trustworthiness that's right D Chris you mentioned that your website looks like one of the images that I showed so that's cool because now you know you have something to optimize that that's pretty cool let's see Scott says if there are people in an image is it better to have them at least somewhat looking at you at the site visitor because of the mirroring effect okay great question so with people when you have them on your landing page one of the things you want to make sure is a don't have them with their back to you so like looking away that's really distracting even kind of annihilating about the right word don't have people looking directly at you because that puts people off but you can have them looking towards a certain direction maybe kind of half looking maybe even tilting their head don't have people like directly looking at you because that's distracting but yeah that's kind of you know the main thing about that Steve says that he likes the guy looking right at the CTA yeah that's a pretty cool thing it's a really cool technique that companies use I've seen quite a few use them you know you can test it there's also the hey I'm pointing at the button it's kind of cliche it works though Sean says I'm a newbie so I appreciate your help you're welcome foon let's see Scott says the Java JavaScript and jQuery programmers will be disappointed to hear you don't like carousels well I'm not gonna be rude but mmm no bye um let's see what have we got here so can you start over here hon says no I can't oh hi Ron I think you were at the presentation today you are at the conference today cool so no but there will be a replay I'll send a link to you guys where are my of lost things Chris I'd be really curious to dig more into the noisy images thing our team's designer has a bit of a preference for low contrast text on images okay there's not any kind of data that you can share so that I can convince them well I need to look into that but there's a few things to you know just kind of prove so just getting a bunch of people that don't know your website and telling them to just take the 5 second test will usually help you to identify if people can read your content that's like the simplest thing use heat maps to see what people are doing some people try to highlight the text because I can't see it so that's a cool way and I will I'll look for some some of the just case studies that I've done too and share with you guys about the importance of the contrast I mean it doesn't take a genius to understand that your text needs to be read and I mean I know people tell you to reduce copy because people don't read but that's not true people do read if you give them a reason to read if you make it about them and if you make it easy to read so take the time to do that ok am I missing thing Steve says can he give some more arguments against autoplay videos so I can pass it along to my bosses yes so cognitive biases as I was saying before we see between 4,000 to 10,000 messages a day so our brains are constantly running think about it this way everyone's running towards personalization right one message to the right person why is are you running to personalization because people want that one message for them when you take when you welcome them on a landing page or a home page that has a video running you've got them for about three seconds okay so today 60% of your website visitors expect you to load a website in under three seconds now I know that speed PageSpeed is kind of a technical thing that people look at but if you think about it it's a cognitive thing why do people why can't people just sit there and wait for the website to load because we have no patience we're not gonna sit there and wait for you to persuade me that you're worth my while and my time same as videos you have an autoplay video that's running on your website because it's a cool thing to do and meantime they're just either watching the video or they're out of that you haven't convinced them an autoplay video doesn't convince anyone of anything it just makes you look cool so I'd skip it megha the problem I struggle with is my bosses want every different thing we do to be included in one small space yeah creates the noisy heavy hero images I know it's a problem actually heat maps will be very helpful for you with that Megan I know that people seem to think that within the hero image like the I say the top part of the funnel anyone tries to cram everything into that part because they have to say everything the one way I like to look at it I know we're probably gonna go overtime so if you guys can stay then great and if not we're gonna have the recording I like to look at it as a teaser okay so I know that like the hard sale companies are gonna say have your call-to-action in your form above the fold and have one image and get it one to convert immediately and you have to say everything above the full but I don't believe in that I think that you need to tease people you need to show them the value within three seconds okay so they don't bounce and your only goal is to capture their attention and make them want to read more so above the you know the top of the funnel you basically want to make it about them you want to show that value you want to make sure that they understand what's in it for them and then they will read on and understand what's in it for them what your products about what features you have what your pricing is like the first capture their attention so too many hero images too many screenshots of stuff that's not gonna do it's not gonna cut it they're just gonna randomly just move on navigate to the next website okay so you know another thing to think about it is how we go shopping I spoke about this a few weeks ago think about when you go shopping in a supermarket you naturally gravitate to the same things every time right you don't really think about what you're doing and it's the same we kind of naturally just gravitate through websites and we kind of learn by by think about the amount of tabs that you have open what makes you stay on a tab what makes you stay on a landing page and not oh I got a message so goodbye so these are the things that need to be really clear for people I have a list of a hundred cognitive biases on my website you can download it and start looking into those and maybe that will help you sell it to your team Megan let's see wow there's so many questions I'm not gonna be here what's the answer there I'm so sorry Chris we're working on getting heatmap set up for q1 I'll try and get some five-second test runs awesome perfect let's see an sorry Yvonne says attempting to incorporate old team and put into the creation of landing page a camel and a horse designed by committee I saw a question any data or evidence on using illustrations versus photographic image by Kathy you know it really is about your customer there isn't like a one thing I think intercom does a really good job they do illustrations and also show the value so sometimes it's easier to do illustrations but they need to be valuable as illustrations they need to show you the outcome it's usually easier to show a video or an image of the value rather than illustration if you have a good designer that knows how to do that then definitely go for an illustration but III mean I think there isn't just the one you know one rule - one way to rule them all sometimes illustrations work better sometimes images work better I definitely test it if you can but trying to stay away from illustrations that usually what they are is just like this is what our product looks like here's what you can do in it trying to stay away from that adrian asks i'd be interested to know what you observe and differences between the use of studio photography versus lifestyle outdoors for personal grounds well that's the whole topic on itself but you it really depends on your target audience as usual when it's a personal brand so for me I've done like photo shoots but they've also done just regular shoots of my mobile phone where I'll send photos to people like in my emails of stuff that I just did I think it really depends on the medium that you're using and it also depends on what you're trying to promote well it's a self brand many times just an image taken when the off parent is a really cool way to portray personal you know personalize it so photography works really well but when you're doing professional photography you also have to have the guidelines so how do people need to look like think about duck they did professional photography with women from all over the world but it doesn't look I can't explain it doesn't look like flashy right it looks so casual women in white tears no makeup just themselves and that's kind of where you want to take it to you understand your target audience and then you can show them them now if you are your target audience which you're not usually but if you are and you can portray yourself there that's great but many times that is in the option so photography is a great way to go for it I'm gonna have to drink Scott do you compress your image files recommend software for it I do compress every image that I upload to my website tiny PNG tiny dot PNG I can't remember the name I'll find it but I'm sure there's so much better and tools for that but definitely for mobile shrink shrink shrink P photos um what am I missing it's cool that you guys are answering each other I'm so happy about that okay I think I've answered everyone's questions we're over time I'm so sorry let's do this I will be sending you the link to this presentation send me your questions back and I will answer them I'm very very happy to do that Thank You D for sharing the link for tiny PNG com so there's so many interesting questions here Michael asks about six different services that he has wish I had some more time shoot me those questions and I will do my best to answer them I'm gonna upload this video to the vlog with a transcript and I'll answer all your questions guys thank you so much for your time for taking the time if it's your morning if it's your evening like myself you're great it's so great speaking to you and for taking the time to just asking questions if you want me to talk about something specific a topic that you care about let me know email me bye have a great evening or day

  Top Comments:
  1. @OnlineEarningandlearninginstit: How are you
  2. @OnlineEarningandlearninginstit: Hi
  3. @CamiloALopezB: for image optimization take a look at http://kraken.io/
  4. @CamiloALopezB: Great, I like this format, 20 min is much better than 60 min, you could take a look at our blog post where we have some great free resources for stock photo https://designplus.co/es/blog-marketing-digital/bancos-de-imagenes-gratis-que-te-encantaran it is in Spanish but just click on the links.

- Facebook Ads Image Size: Get More Conversions With Proper Optimization: Kind: captions Language: en this is something that i think many facebook advertisers completely overlook and ignore but i know for myself personally it has had a huge huge positive impact on my facebook ads performance and conversions and that is facebook ads image size optimization so when you create a new ad on facebook you quickly end up at this screen to select media crop for placements and that is because depending on where the ad is ran there are different optimal sizes for that placement so when we look at this we can see for stories in reels apps and sites the optimal size is a ratio of 9 to 16. so a tall rectangle for feeds in stream videos overlay ads and reels the optimal size is one to one a square and then for right column search results uh in instant articles the optimal size is a wide rectangle at 1.91 to 1. but when we upload an image we are just uploading one image and to be quick and to kind of move through things quickly i know a lot of marketers just kind of you know skim over this and click next maybe they'll you know click on this and try to move something around or they'll say hey you know does it look better in 9 16 to 1 can i find a better crop for it no i can't so i'll just go original but there is a lot a lot a lot a lot of meat left on the table by not optimizing and creating ads or images for ads in all of these sizes so in this case here i uploaded a square one to one and that's typically the ad that i'll start with but now when i you know look at it on this screen and we go for our 9 to our 9 to 16 our tall rectangle i see okay we really don't have a good crop here so what this means and what i'll do is i'll go back to the drawing board and then i'll come back here and create a new ad and i'll put in the right dimensions or create a new image putting in the right dimensions i'll multiply by a thousand so it's going to be uh one nine one hundred nineteen ten by a thousand all right override the current graphic excuse me i just did that wrong i made a wide rectangle we're going for a tall rectangle so it's going to be a thousand by nine right so here's my tall rectangle so now i'll come back here and i'll find a picture that fits i need to find a picture that fits in a tall rectangle or maybe this doesn't work right so what i'll do is i'll go and let me see if i can find the picture i can't find that same picture i probably can't find it quickly might do something like i don't know let's just go to that but that i guess that kind of works actually that picture works you know i'll find another picture that works and do this like that right so that works obviously i have to resize my text that may have been too large yeah so let's shrink it all down right and i'll go on and i will create an image for each one now uh what if right what if i want to use that same image and in this case i couldn't use that same image because i couldn't find it at least i couldn't find it quickly well what we could do in that case is we can just kind of put the image down below and then have the text up top so uh let's go graphics on this actually let's go to background color we'll set it all to black okay so we got that and if we go graphics and then photos kids eating we're just gonna select a random one here right rather than stretching it to fit the whole thing i might just do this and use that as our tall rectangle here in facebook ads so rather than you know assume i didn't find that image i was going to reuse the same image i might just make this image in a tall rectangle and the difference that we have above it i'll use that to put my caption or i could put that below the image and then i'll go through and i'll create a wide rectangle and aside from cropping which you can do you can also replace so you can select a different image so let me just show you here you know we see that our wide rectangle isn't going to be very good because we're not getting the actual kids in there right we can just come here and replace this and select a different image and i just put this one in here as a wide rectangle example right so now we're using the original images no cropped and we're creating them to be formatted and to look good at all of these different aspect ratios in doing this can just create huge huge huge huge returns i'm talking like doubling or tripling your ad performance as opposed to just you know having this which kind of looks funky right in each one or clicking original facebook's going to see that they're like all right that isn't optimized for my user at this device i'm going to show them or i'm not going to give preference to this ad over ads that we could run that are optimized so yeah coming through here creating individual image sizes and optimizing the image size for the specific facebook ad placement can result in for me it personally has resulted in huge huge ad performance what has been your experience with facebook ads image size optimization try it out and then let me know in the comments below that's a wrap on this one guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @sfl1986 [4 likes]: you said double performance if you do this. Where are you taking that data from? One upside of optimizing for story and not going directly with the square format is when using square, instagram automatically adds up the copy below the pic on stories .Curious to know if u actually split tested optimizing image vs just square for all and if it really was double the ROAS
  2. @RasheedOluwaseun [1 likes]: What app are using to edit?
  3. @TheWaqaspuri [1 likes]: in 2024 Facebook Ad. it doesn't show up Replace button to Upload more sizes.
  4. @anisalamov361 [1 likes]: Insightful video! But how were you able to select a completely different image ad for 'Right columns, search results, instant articles,' wouldn't that be a different ad at that point?
  5. @WeStudyFunnels: ### Learn by reverse engineering live funnels! Get Daily Funnel Breakdowns at https://westudyfunnels.com
  6. @Neelima....: Tool name please
  7. @SnareTrapSurvive: I dont see any of  this when creating an ad. There is no option for me to see 3 sizes
  8. @phillmudvayne: Thank you mate! I was looking for a way to do for ages!!
  9. @paulmartinez123ministries3: What’s the best software to help change ratios and resolutions?
  10. @solomonaregbe9994: Thank you for his Video.

Please can you make 4.5 square fb feed image  for me. I have an idea of exactly what i want. And i am willing to pay for you time. let me know
  11. @Stephane_Verret: Such a simple idea, yet so powerful! Big thanks for this video man, I just finished three ads that are SO much better this way!!

- How to Build a Customer Persona for your Business (Free Templates): Kind: captions Language: en So many marketing strategies stress the need to create and post content regularly. I get it. There is a lot of pressure to be on every platform engaging everyone everywhere all at once. It's easy to get so caught up in our campaigns and content calendars that we forget who exactly is this content for. According to our annual survey, less than half of marketers know their audienc's interests, hobbies, products they're interested in, and where they consume content. In this video, I'm going to show how the best marketers define who they're looking for versus how beginners approach it so you can see what it really takes to understand your audience and make every piece of content connect. Now, whether you're just starting in marketing or a seasoned pro, there's one tool that I find to be universally helpful. A customer persona. Figuring out what should and shouldn't be included in a persona isn't always intuitive, even for experienced folks. The good news is HubSpot has some fantastic templates that you can download for free. Odds are you already have customers. The question is, how do you get to know them? Beginner marketers tend to be overeager in gathering data, asking customers too many questions too frequently. If you've ever visited a website and felt like you were being bombarded with the same questions after each and every click to the point that you angrily leave the website, but then still get survey emails, yeah, that's a common beginner mistake. Beginners pepper prospects with every question imaginable, fearing it's their only shot at data. Ironically, this approach can lead to customer fatigue and ultimately losing the sale. Pros, however, are intentional about what they ask and win. Their questions are tailored to each moment in the salesunnel and more often than not include some form of value exchange. Meaning, the questions they ask benefit the customer in some way. Taking the time to craft strategic questions is appreciated by your customers and your future self will thank you too. You see, after collecting data, you need to organize and analyze it. Too much data, especially if collected half-hazardly, will make analysis feel like completing a thousandpiece puzzle of a clear blue sky. Daunted by the data, beginner marketers perform no analysis, which results in surface level personas. Whereas the pros take the time to organize their data, searching for patterns and deeper meaning to create a much richer picture of their customer. Bottom line, noviceses tend to cast a wide net for data, asking a ton of questions that can overwhelm customers and create a massive headache during analysis. The pros, well, they're laser focused, building questions and surveys right into the funnel that deliver exactly what's needed and benefit the customer along the way. Once you have these insights at the ready, it's time to develop customer personas. Remember that HubSpot template I mentioned earlier? Okay, pull it out. At the most basic level, a customer persona is a representation of your customer based on the data you've collected. Here's a few examples of different personas. And to the right are product categories they may be associated with. You don't always need a cheesy name like Kevin, the solo entrepreneur. Just come up with a title that's memorable and easily identifiable within your organization. The first time you build a customer persona, it's easy to fall into this trap. a long list of data points that don't really give you a sense of who this person is. It's all facts, no story. Whenever I create a customer persona, I think of Verer Herszog's quote. Truth does not necessarily have to agree with facts. Otherwise, the Manhattan phone book would be the book of books. 4 million entries, all factually correct. But that doesn't tell us anything about one of the dozens of James Millers in there. His number and address are indeed correct. But why does he cry into his pillow every night? Gosh, hers. The pros are comfortable mixing a little fiction into their personas. See the difference? The marketer has inferred specific goals and fears that make this persona feel more like a person instead of just a list. The more you explore the thinking behind your customer's decision-m, the more you'll see how there isn't one customer persona for your business. Beginner marketers struggle with this concept. They ignore the contradictions and cramp every data point into a single persona. The problem is by representing everyone, they represent no one. Pro marketers are experts at sorting different insights into separate personas. And in my opinion, there's no one better at this than the folks at Nike. Their customer personas are the gold standard. Here they are, and I swear, every time I look at these, I can instantly picture who each is referring to. A novice marketer might have only had athletes and non-athletes, but Nike knew there was a difference between the aspiring athlete and the Sunday jogger. And that's why they segmented these into two different personas. The point is, the best customer personas embrace the nuance to create distinct representations of your customers. This exercise isn't a data dump. It's about storytelling. So, feel free to get creative, then pressure test your assumptions against the data you've gathered. Even once complete, the best marketers are always questioning their personas, honing them more and more as they learn more about their customers and their businesses grow. This is a lot of work. And so, the last point I want to make is this. Please do not bury these personas. I see so many marketers file these personas away never to see the light of day. All that effort is lost and the value of the persona is never realized. The pros never let this happen. They seek buyin on these personas across the organization. These personas inspire product team to become integral to onboarding employees and vendors and even appear in the company's marketing. Look at the latest campaign from Impossible Foods. Tell me this brand spokesman doesn't strike you as a caricature of a meatthead. Without a doubt, he is the result of a customer persona that Impossible Foods wanted to sell more to. In other words, the campaign creative likely stems from a persona. Just look at Nike. Every ad they make is an embodiment of one of their personas. And oftent times they feature real people. You know you're on to something when the fictional personas you create end up being real people who can speak to the value of your brand. To recap, don't let your effort go to waste. Once you build your persona, use it. Get people excited about it. Seek out real people who personify it. This resource is as valuable as you make it. We started by tackling the beginner's mistake of overcolcting data and instead learned to ask strategic questions that create a value exchange for your customers. From there, we built customer personas that go beyond simple data points, embracing nuance and storytelling to create distinct, memorable representations of your audience, just like Nike. Finally, we learned that the best marketers don't bury this valuable work. They actively use and share their personas across the entire organization from product development to marketing campaigns. turning their research into a powerful tool for growth. And don't forget to download the templates from HubSpot. I know I've mentioned them a lot, but they're a great place to start when building your own personas. Okay, I hope you can make something that helps you better understand and connect with your customer. Please share what you found most helpful in the comments below, and thanks for watching. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ihsserme2893 [5 likes]: This is actually extremely valuable, thank you Chris. Would it be possible to get a video where we see how to actually do research and have data to create those personas ?
  2. @HubSpotMarketing [2 likes]: Download HubSpot's free customer persona templates and start building profiles that help you truly understand your audience. 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/82be9b
  3. @buzzboomer [2 likes]: The reminder not to bury the personas and ensure they are integrated across the entire organization is the most critical step for making all that work worthwhile.
  4. @narenmadan5992: Lot of words... Absolutely zero insight. Thanks for nothing

- How to Effectively Target Buyer Personas on Facebook | Uncommon Marketing Recap: Kind: captions Language: en hi it's amber the growth marketing&nbsp; manager here at uncommon marketing works&nbsp;&nbsp; when it comes to advertising on social&nbsp; media facebook is where it's at with its&nbsp;&nbsp; large ability to customize audiences based on&nbsp; likes and dislikes interests and also locations&nbsp;&nbsp; and other demographics you'll be hard-pressed to&nbsp; find a business that doesn't include facebook into&nbsp;&nbsp; its social media strategy as an agency we see&nbsp; a lot of our clients making a common mistake&nbsp;&nbsp; they're not using their buyer personas when&nbsp; setting up their facebook advertising campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; however a lot of organizations and businesses&nbsp; don't have the budgets be using this method&nbsp;&nbsp; once you have your buyer personas established&nbsp; the next question you should be asking yourself&nbsp;&nbsp; is really is facebook even the best platform for&nbsp; you to figure this out you're going to use your&nbsp;&nbsp; existing customer and competitor information and&nbsp; you're going to analyze it analyze it until the&nbsp;&nbsp; cows come home you're going to take a look at your&nbsp; ideal customer and see what social media platforms&nbsp;&nbsp; they're on as well as looking at your competitors&nbsp; and seeing if they're being successful in their&nbsp;&nbsp; facebook advertising if both of those things are&nbsp; true nine times out of ten facebook advertising&nbsp;&nbsp; should be implemented into your marketing strategy&nbsp; facebook offers a wide range of options to target&nbsp;&nbsp; your audience always always using those buyer&nbsp; personas to guide you regardless of how you build&nbsp;&nbsp; out your audiences on facebook which should always&nbsp; be based off of your buyer personas a b testing&nbsp;&nbsp; should always be something that's considered a b&nbsp; testing allows you to change certain variables at&nbsp;&nbsp; once you're able to test your build your copy and&nbsp; also your visuals to see what resonates best with&nbsp;&nbsp; your target audience once you've set up your buyer&nbsp; personas figured out your target audience built&nbsp;&nbsp; and implemented your facebook ads you'll want to&nbsp; actually optimize them and track them regularly&nbsp;&nbsp; effective marketing requires continuous planning&nbsp; and improvement we recommend at least optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; your ads once a week to see what changes you can&nbsp; make to improve performance if you don't have the&nbsp;&nbsp; time to optimize those ads or aren't quite sure&nbsp; of how to even get started that's why we're here&nbsp;&nbsp; uncommon marketing works is your one stop&nbsp; shop to all digital marketing services to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn more about how we can help you with organic&nbsp; and paid social media strategies contact us today you

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- Facebook Ad Strategy (Powerful Persona Building with GPT-4) AND PSYCHOGRAPHICS: Kind: captions Language: en how we can create a highly converting Facebook ad strategy with gpt4 now what we can do with gpt4 with just four different prompts and a Chrome extension is we can enhance the power of GPT with the brand new gbt4 model with just four different prompts now these four different prompts are going to help us craft a buyer's persona it's going to also help us understand psychographics demographics interests that are going to help us start to craft our offers and go deep into our market research where our Market is hearing what our Market is saying what our Market is doing to be able to help us then come up with the offer and the message that converts and then obviously the Facebook ad copy the headlines sales pages and all of that but this is the foundations so let's start by creating the ultimate converting face Facebook ad strategy using gpt4 if you're new here please subscribe and hit that Bell button to get instant notifications on new videos just like this one Facebook advertisers media buyers and agencies want to check out this when building a brand new Facebook ad strategy or meta strategy when it comes to starting from the ground starting from a brand new offer or client account now you can see we're using the brand new gpt4 model inside of chat GPT and I am using an extension here that's why this input looks a little bit different but what you can see here is and I've already run through a couple different prompts this one here I want to show you Facebook ad strategy with AI including proven chat GPT prompts for Facebook advertisers so let's have a look at this so I'm using an extension that has gone and just changed this and it's just telling it that we want to base this around a Persona and these are the different outputs that we want so we want to table with some demographics use a description some psychographics and the shopping behaviors now this is pretty good information and I think it's actually fairly accurate as an Advertiser or a media buyer what do you reckon about some of this you can get access to a free GPT Facebook ad copy recipe with proven prompts to guide you through a framework called hook value offer to craft a converting Facebook ad in a very short amount of time now you'll also be able to get access to more information about a workshop with 100 proven prompts an entire Facebook ad strategy from start to finish more recipes and a whole lot more with creatives and Ai and whatnot to help you create converting Facebook ad strategies more consistently so quite often media buyers are small business owners obviously you've got your agency owners which will have a higher income than this but you can just see that it's pretty accurate and let's have a look at the psychographics so they're tech savvy they're resourceful the Hobbies is probably one of the ones I kind of don't agree with but that could be just this particular persona interest digital marketing marketing technology entrepreneurship uh Financial stability this is their aspirations work-life balance business growth customer expansion effective ad campaigns marketing rois so those are the needs the dreams are scalable business and obviously those who want to teach and coach on that industry a recognition um we can have a look now at the shopping behaviors and you know they're invested in email marketing social media webinars active on Facebook LinkedIn and YouTube search terms Facebook I'll just ignore that for this particular example our preferred Brands Facebook ad manager yeah well that we're in that constantly uh Google ads MailChimp HubSpot I reckon I agree with obviously you've got go high level and all that but with Facebook ads you cannot Target go high level at the time of recording this video they triggers success stories case studies Roi guarantees all that kind of stuff what are the barriers high costs complicated interfaces and lack of expertise obviously you've got you know new advertisers and you've got those who've been around for a while I've been advertising since 2017 so what I also wanted to do is put in another prompt then I've added this prompt please list in a table some other preferred brands of coaches entrepreneurs services or software on Facebook so they've actually specified we want this information from Facebook think of pages and all that and each Different Page has a different category and all that and that is where this is coming from so your email marketing we've got convertkit active campaign social media CRM you know that they're all here webinar platforms sales platforms e-commerce online course and I've actually asked it again but specifically said entrepreneurs agencies advertising event pages on Facebook and you can see what we have here these are more broader audiences that we can Target they're not direct so they're more like indirect interest that we can Target but then down here I've said please list in a table some other Facebook advertising so I've actually told it what kind of Market what kind of industry I am wanting it to extract and I want coaches pages on Facebook so I have to have a Facebook page that work with and I've just realigned with this particular keyword again okay so this particular audience Facebook ads coaches so we've got John Luma cat Howell Molly Pittman they're a whole range here that you know I've heard of I've learned from over the years Facebook ads entrepreneurs some some of these are from YouTube and you can if you've if you've used ad expresso I remember using that in 2018 I loved back then the graphical interface of it but you can see here we've also got social media marketing world but it just gives us now you can see what this is done with just four prompts with chat GPT 4 and it is helped us pull out these psychographics these shopping behaviors these different interests that we can Target and it'll help you if you've got a new client a new campaign a new product a new service or a new business now the extension that I'm using I use this extension manager you can set him here and this is the extension here apron for chat GPT something like that so it's enabled I do also have web chat GPT so this is connects to internet access it allows chat GPT to scrape the internet because obviously the data model is restricted to 2021. I look forward to seeing how this Ai and chat EPT is going to help you create your marketing your advertising strategy with a few different prompts and get you off the ground running and save lots of time uh brainstorming and having any kind of writers or idea block let me know in the comments below how this helps you now I have a brand new workshop it is live the pre-workshop is already to go there is also going to be a further live Workshop if you get access within the next seven days now this Workshop is going to help you give you a proven process that helps you craft a Facebook ad strategy from start to finish with GPT 4. and the exciting thing is you're going to get the exact template and all you have to do is Plug and Play into chat GPT 4. I'm going to do an over the shoulder on this live Workshop but before you get into it there is content to help you with creatives and a whole range of different things recipes 100 proven problems that you get access to before the workshop now click the link below this video to go and start saving time and creating Facebook ad strategies that convert if you like this video click that like button click that subscribe and that Bell button to get instant notifications on new videos just like this one thank you for watching my name is Joe woolhead from accurate and I will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @adgrit1317 [2 likes]: Are you ready to lower ad costs, remove writers block and spend more time scaling ad campaigns?

Join my new workshop and get access to the 100+ PROVEN prompts I use plus recipes and FULL ad strategy, bonuses AND More... 

Click below to join now:
https://now.adgrit.io/save-workshop

FREE Facebook AD Copy ChatGPT recipe here: 
https://the.adgrit.io/future-ai/free-prompts-training
  2. @grootolsen [2 likes]: Thanks for the Facebook AD Copy recipe, great tips for ChatGPT :)
  3. @blacksnow6560 [1 likes]: Please what's the name of the extension
  4. @samripple [1 likes]: Finding the download really valuable, and joined the workshop loving the content so far. Thank you!!

- How To Stop Facebook Ad Results Dropping Off FAST!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever started a new Facebook ad campaign and seen great results initially but they only lasted a few weeks or maybe even a few days well in this video I'm going to explain why that happens and what you can do about it to make sure that your Facebook ad campaigns consistently produce great results and just for context my agency has spent more than $50 million running Facebook ad campaigns for our clients and we have run into this problem a lot and know exactly how to fix it so why do Facebook ad results drop off well there's one major reason why this happens I'm going give you the the quick explanation to start with and then going to go into more detail on how exactly you can go about fixing it which is obviously um the important part right so when you launch a Facebook ad campaign you have a target audience and whether you're using open targeting or you have some sort of targeting expansion like using Advantage Plus audience or whatever which the vast majority of advertisers are doing now you have a really large potential audience and what meta is really good at doing is finding the best possible prospects for your offer the people that are really into whatever it is that you sell and they're into it right now and knows that based on their online activity uh where they've got pixels on websites they tracking purchases uh they can see it on the activity they do based within Instagram within uh Facebook itself because of the sort of content they engage with it's a really really good determining oh this person is really into fishing and they're in the market to buy fishing products right now this ad for fishing related products let's put it in front of this person is likely to to to generate a purchase So Meta is really good at doing that and they start with the best possible prospects so out of your 2 million person audience let's say they might find the 1,000 people that are super keen and you've got a really good chance of getting to convert become a lead become a sale whatever it is you're looking to do and they start by putting your ads in front of those people now obviously there are only so many of those people the people that were literally researching products just like yours that morning there's only so many of those to put your ads in front of that afternoon so quite quickly you burn through those people so the longer you keep advertising the more you'll use up what I call hyper responsives those are the most responsive people to your marketing and then they start advertising to people that are still really quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less and then you keep advertising longer and they're advertising again to people that are still quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less you can imagine like if your target audience is like one big circle you've got the the hyper responsives right in the middle and then you sort of the longer you advertise the more and more you go out to different layers the exact same happens as you scale when you're saying to meta look before I was giving you enough budget just advertise to a th000 people and you found the best thousand well I've now doubled your budget I want you to put ads in front of 2,000 people so you've got the best thousand in there but then you've also got the next thousand which is still really good but not quite as good and then the more and more you scale the more and more you you move out um into that Circle so that's sort of the very quick explanation for why this happens uh we're definitely going to go into more detail because because it's important it's going to help you actually fix this problem um and get over it but um but that's sort of the the general overview and the really simple solution like the one liner that you could take away from this video is that if you are running into that issue uh your ads aren't good enough you need to make better ads and improve your offers cuz what you're seeing is that your ads are good enough to get those hyper responsive people the people that are so close to buying something just like your product or service anyway and you just need that little nudge to get them over the edge you AR are good enough to get those people but they're not good enough to get the people that are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and the better and better your advertising is the more and more you're able to move out um into other people within your target audience and larger target audience hence why you're able to scale when your ad campaigns are really really good because you can still get those people that aren't quite as Keen to convert okay so let's break this down and sort of Flesh us out go into a bit more detail and think about how we're actually going to tackle this problem and and fix it and to do that I'm going to walk through uh the five stages of awareness uh it's a marketing concept you may have come across before but I think is really valuable in thinking about this problem in particular and use my bis as an example uh so we obviously Facebook advertising agency we offer Facebook advertising Services just a little side by the way if you're interested and are done for you Facebook Services we can create manage Optimizer campaigns for you you don't need to worry about any of this we'll help you get better results there's a link in the description you could book in a free navigation call with one of my team members uh to find out more so if you're interested go ahead and do that let's use our our Facebook advertising Services as an example right so in our target audience who would be people that are unaware so let's say someone's got a business and this often happens people start a business and they just sort of expected customers clients to sort of happen I know I certainly did when I first started a business that's how I got into marketing the first first place was I started uh my own business and couldn't get any customers and realized aha I need to learn marketing as a skill in order to get these customers and I turned out I enjoyed marketing more than I enjoyed the business and carried on in in in that way so it's very common when you first start a business to think customers are going to happen so that would be someone who's unaware they don't even they don't even aware that they've got a problem way off knowing that there's a solution or a particular product or whatever they're just like I think this is going to happen the next stage on would be problem aware so that would be someone who has just got that little bit further and go huh customers aren't just happening for my business I need to do something about it I have a problem I I'm not able to get customers that's my problem the next stage then would be solution aware would be one stage on from I have a problem to starting to think about okay well how would I go about I know I've got a problem of not getting any new customers how would I go about getting new customers oh okay I could do organic content I could do SEO I could run paid ads I could knock on doors I could do call calls starting to think about uh various Solutions and specific to my business Facebook as agency they would need to be aware of the solution that is oh I could run paid ads to get customers for my business that would be someone there who's solution aware and then the next stage would be product aware so this might be someone who was solution aware they know they need to um run paid ads they then you watch some YouTube videos oh see some of my stuff oh I saw you know I watch Ben's videos about how to run Facebook ads um I can see that he also has an agency where they can just do this for me they're now aware of the product and what they might be doing at that stage is weighing up uh that product versus Alternatives in the market okay and then obviously the next stage down would be hot audience people that have watched loads of videos absolutely ready to convert or perhaps people that have already bought you know from our business they've already used our services they've bought they they signed up to our Facebook ads Mastery Program and they're ready to ascend you know people that are really like very keen uh for our business specifically now what you can see is that as you sort of go down that it's much much easier to get someone to convert lower down so if we take our audience example of people that have bought say our Facebook ads Mastery um course with the community if they've been in there they've got great results it'd be much much easier to advertise to that person and get them to purchase are done for you Facebook advertising Services um it would be slightly more difficult but still relatively easy for us to get someone who's watched my YouTube videos knows that you know we have an agency with a service and I know what I'm talking about and we put ads in front of that person and get them to to convert it would be more difficult still to go another stage up and and it's not someone that's product aware they're not aware that they can hire an agency and my agency specifically they're just solution aware of like I need to run paid ads then we need to take that person we need to convince them that the agency doing it for them is the right way to go and then they should work with our agency so there's extra steps if you go a step up and you go to people who are problem aware they're not even aware that you can run paid ads to get clients so then you need to talk to those people saying things like um not getting any clients you need to meet them where they're at so they're at the problem stage not getting any clients did you know you can run paid ads to get clients did you know you can run Facebook ads to get clients did you know we could do that for you you see all the extra steps you need to go through and unaware um is obviously the most difficult so where Facebook advertisers run into problems is that they're running Facebook ads that might be good enough to get their hot audiences retargeting previous customers to buy again like that's relatively easy to do most ads are going to be good enough to do that provided they had a good experience the first time around they might be good enough to get people who are product aware like they're aware that your solution your product or service exists and they're wearing up options between you and your competitors maybe not by the way sometimes I've seen advertisers where the campaigns only good enough to get those hot audiences those that can get people who are product aware to convert uh usually last a lot longer in terms of results and they're much more scalable um there's still obviously a limit because you're taking people who are weighing up your option versus others in in many cases you need a a much much better ad to go a stage up and get people a solution aware like oh I could run paid ads but oh I didn't know an agency could do it for me oh I didn't know agencies did good results I didn't know this was a good agency maybe I should hire them you're doing a lot of things and then obviously the hire you go the harder and harder it gets take someone all the way from problem aware to purchasing take someone all the way from unaware to purchasing very very difficult to do now the best ad campaigns can take people that are fully unaware take them all through the process if you think about the type of ads that do that and and how they're pitched they're very different from say ads that are pitched at hot audiences so a hot audience uh might be retargeting existing customers and it might be as simple as a product image with a bit of a discount for a limited time only and that might absolutely Crush to that audience really simple ad the bar is not that high to get that to work but if you think about ads that would be pitched all the way at the other end of people that are unaware you would need to make them aware of the problem explain the solution explain why your product is the perfect option to solve that problem convince them to purchase yours and not someone else's and take them all the way through you can probably think of ads that you've seen that do that and think about how they start they will start by mentioning the problem so they're explaining they're taking people that are completely unaware they explaining the problem and then taking them all the way through that they can help you you think personal injury lawyers will will do this that sort of advertising all the time so if you're finding that your ads are literally dying after a few days it's almost certainly the case that your ads are only good enough to get hot audiences to convert and even if you're like yeah but I'm not retargeting meta will find those people anyway so even if it's to a cold audience meta will find your retargeting audiences and you'll burn through those people really really quickly and then you see a drop off if you see good results for a little bit longer than that a week couple of weeks and then you see the drop off it may well be that your ads are good enough to get people who are product aware and you're helping convince them to buy yours instead of someone else's um but if you're not getting past that point you're probably not good enough to go to the other stages so yes is a case of improving your ads better offers better ad creative I'll talk about that more in a second but it's also the messaging that you use starts to become really important so the first thing I want you to do is identify are are your ads good enough to get which stage to convert basically so it might be that only hot audiences in which case you need to create ads that are aimed at people that are product aware and try and get them to convert how would you do that you would emphasize the benefits of your product or service over your competitors that's how you get product aware people to purchase if they're already good enough to do that and you're thinking okay how can I improve them to go a step up again you need to change the messaging and change the positioning of the of the advertising so then you need to go out people who aren't solution aware to get from solution aware to purchase you need to go that one stage further and say we know that you know you can run paid ads to get great results but did you know that an agency can do it for you did you know that this type of product or service that we offer is the perfect answer to the solution you're looking for if you've already achieved solution aware you won't be seeing a drop off after days weeks probably even months you'd be able to advertise for much longer but if you're really trying to scale and uh improve your return on ad spend uh you need to go one step up again and go for people who are problem aware but not solution aware so Those ads would be pitched as do you have ABC problem if so did you know that this perfect solution that we happen to have is going to solve your problem improve your life all that sort of stuff and then if you really want to get very brave and Tackle unaware of course you can but you need to start by addressing the problem in the first place and letting people know were you the subject of an injury in a work environment did you know that you can get payment up to the amount of du d d d du as I said the personal injury lawyer is the super obvious one in those cases but you can do it in other scenarios as well it's it's improving your offer improving your creative but also trying to change your messaging to Target people that are at a lower level of awareness and then push them all the way through and in terms of getting really granular with stuff because I've seen Facebook advertisers tear their hair out trying to work out well hang on how do I get the messaging WR and know that I'm only reaching solution aware people you don't like if you if you create an ad that's aimed at solution aware people the messaging isn't going to be perfect for say people who are product aware or your hot audiences but it's fine generally because those people are much more like to convert anyway they're much more easier to convert so don't worry about segmenting out your audiences I would try and have multiple different ads with different messaging price points see how they perform to the total audience if you get it right you will most likely see that the ads pitched at people that are less aware will do well because if you are product aware and someone starts by talking about your problem so let's say someone is aware that you can hire a face Facebook ads agency to do your Facebook ads for you and an ad messaging is pitched that are you struggling to get customers did you know that running Facebook ads is a great way to do it those people aren't going to be put off by that it's they still have the problem and they already know about the solutions you're just you're you're reinforcing what they already know it's not wasted time it's not a d it's not like it's not going to work and then you can lead into the Facebook ad so if you pitch an ad at a lower level of awareness you're going to get people who are further down to convert but it's very unlikely to happen the other way around if you pitch in going our Facebook advertising Services is amazing it's so much better than our competitors look at all these testimonials that's a hard sale to people that don't even know you can run Facebook ads to find new customers which there are lots of people or don't even know that it's a viable option for their business and that's very much how I'd like you to think about this awareness framework and how you need to go after your potential customers and change your marketing messaging give it a go and if it really works out let me know in the comments below and if you want to know how to create high converting Facebook ads that can be put in front of people that are higher up the awareness ladder and still get them to convert I'd recommend that you check out this video in it I demonstrate a toour that I love that makes it really quick and easy to produce really high quality and high converting and creative

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @iduifeanyi5398 [1 likes]: You talk too much. Please go straight to the point.
  3. @curtisthacreator2231 [1 likes]: I have one as that has been consistent for the last 6 months!! But now all of a sudden it’s super slow I’m not getting any sales I don’t know what my next steps should be?
  4. @Amazennn [1 likes]: thanks a ton ben. one of the best vids on marketing ive ever seen
  5. @Umarnirban1107: but my ad dry in second day
  6. @eo1213: I think there are multiple reasons Facebook ad performance can drop quickly. It feels unfair that your video doesn’t acknowledge that and frames the issue as only awareness level and funnel stages—which comes across like an indirect pitch for your agency. A more thorough video that covers other likely causes and practical fixes would be more helpful and would also make you look more well-rounded, because Facebook ads aren’t that straightforward.
  7. @worldoffun9600: none of what you said, is the real reason or solution to the problem... ur just saying thoery( assumed ) for filling up minutes in your video. But your suggestions are 100% useless
  8. @AnaBrandybura: I had a random drop like this a couple of months ago. Everything looked normal on the dashboard but the people coming in just didn’t feel the same.
Out of curiosity I ran a bit of the traffic through qail ai  and it honestly just confirmed how messy things were at that moment. Meta has these weird phases...
  9. @wakhff0000: Thnxxxx😊😊😊😊😊
  10. @Mnrtmo: My ads were pulling a beautiful 4 roas with almost 1k spent and suddenly I got a few likes from a similar audience but not my buyers and the algorithm completely shifted to only showing to the people who were engaging and not buying. 
I tried duplicating the campaign and it went off track 3 more times… I don’t know what to do. I had amazing winning ads pulling me in so much money from such a small budget.

Please help…
  11. @philiphindle1076: This dude is a genius. I’m gonna use what he said and make some video scripts for our solution aware audience tomorrow!!
  12. @capitalist830: guy is just a professional yapper
  13. @Greeenleb: Thanks for the video Ben! Quick quest, so if the results of the specific campaign drop off, we edit the campaign, create additional Ads under the same Ad Set and start again the learning phase? or we turn off that campaign and re-create another one with the different Ads that you mentioned? (Ad1-hot audience, Ad1-product aware, etc.)
  14. @ShantysBrown: It was very informative
  15. @daniyalsiddiq3140: Love it.
  16. @AmyWebber-x6g: Interesting.
  17. @maryyadegoke: Great video
  18. @oshaosha7338: In my experience what I find to help especially when you are in a niche where your business doesn’t solve that much problems or any problems at all or you are a small business owner and can’t afford to pay thousands to advert agencies, is to run a new “campaign“ not ads ,but campaign whenever performance drops drastically for a long period of time especially after running a campaign with steady results for more than a month. Because at that point , I feel like uploading new ad creatives doesn’t really help much.  I am a small skincare retail business owner and that worked for me. I find it easier that way than to stress about looking for a grand problem these products I sell solve. lol
  19. @ReadyForDreams: This is a solid vid with tons of useful insights, thanks ✨
  20. @tetramode: So basically a reverse funnel?

- 7 Reasons Your Facebook Ads Are Failing (And How to Fix Them): Kind: captions Language: en We've been running Facebook ads since 2008. And in this time, we've see various common reasons why they fail. Now, in this video, I'm going to explain to you the seven most common reasons for Facebook ads failing so that you can hopefully go away and unlock massive performance. Now, remember, Meta has one of the largest active user bases of any platform in the world. Only really Google and YouTube have more active daily users. So, it's really not a case of Facebook ads don't work. it's more likely that you haven't yet found the right strategy for your particular business. So reason number one is having no wider digital infrastructure. So what do I mean by that? Right? When you somebody sees your ad on Facebook, if they're new to your business, they're a cold audience. What they're going to do after seeing your ad is go through to your website. They're going to Google your business name. They're going to check for your reviews. They're going to look at your case studies and your testimonials. They're going to do the due diligence. They're going to stalk you. It's very similar to if somebody was doing internet dating. I've been married for a long time, so I never did that. But if so, if you're doing internet dating and you match with somebody, the first thing you do is you go check their digital profile. And we are no different if we're looking to do business with somebody else. We're looking at buying something from someone. The more consideration that somebody needs to buy your products or services, which is generally based on the price, the more trust, the more confidence they need to have. So, if they go through to your website and it's shocking, they go to have a look at your review profile and you've got one threestar review on Google, nothing on Trust Pilot or Checker Trade or any of these other review platforms, it sends the wrong signals. And all they need to do is have a little bit of doubt inserted into their mind and that's it. The whole thing drops off. Another thing they're going to check is your organic social media. They're going to check your Facebook profiles. They're going to check your Instagram profile or if you've listed it, your ex profile, etc. And they need to be seeing good stuff there. We see this all the time with what we do with clients. If the Facebook ads look like they're all set up perfectly, if the creatives are good, the copy's good, they're getting good engagement on them, but no sales or no inquiries, it's almost always the digital infrastructure. So the best thing that you can do, the biggest tip that I can give you is have a look at a competitor who is doing really, really well. Who's, you know, where you want to be in two, three, five years time. They're a bit further ahead. Not the businesses that are light years ahead, 10, 20 years ahead of where you are, but 2, three years ahead. Have a look at them. Have a look at where their digital infrastructure is. Where do they host their case studies? Where do they host their testimonials? Where do they have their reviews? Are they blogging? Are they not blogging? And look to replicate success. It really is that simple because when somebody does their research, you need to be controlling what they see. Number two, this is a really big one, is a poor sales process. It's mostly relevant to lead generation for, you know, service-based businesses, but it is also relevant for e-commerce, and I'll explain both. So, for lead generation, if you're driving leads from Facebook, let's say you're B2B or B2C, you're getting people's contact details coming through the website. The thing is, Facebook leads, unless you do certain things, are going to be colder and potentially poorer quality than if you got leads from Google Ads or SEO. The reason being is that Facebook ads or meta ads is a demand generation platform. These people aren't actively looking for what you do like they would be if you found them on Google Ads or SEO, which is why the lead quality is slightly lesser. So what we do with all of our clients is we set up automated systems. So when that lead drops in, the sales team get an instant notification and they can immediately start engaging. When we work with clients and they come to us and they say, "These leads are poor. Nobody's answering the phone. Nobody's inquiring. We haven't had no sales." When we do a little bit of digging, what we always find is they're taking 3, 5, 7, 10 days to actually call these people. Best practice, gold star practice is that you are on the phone to these people within an hour of them submitting their inquiry for Facebook ads. If you do that, they're going to remember you. They're going to pick up the phone. They're going to answer. You're going to have a stronger reaction. Certainly, no more than 24 hours. You need to be getting hold of these people. The other thing is with the sales process is if you can't do that, you have to have automated emails. So, when they've submitted that inquiry or submitted their lead form, the automated email shoots straight to them and tells them what to expect next. The poor sales process and the long time it's taking businesses to contact leads is what really, really costs them. And within the sales, if you're just going for website sales, things could look like you have too much friction in your process. We had this with a client recently. We were printing the money around 45 to 50 return on ad spend for an e-commerce store. It was absolutely flying with performance. And overnight, literally overnight, that performance went to 12 times return on ad spend. What had happened is their website design agency had made a small change within their checkout process. And that small change basically meant that a lot of people who weren't as committed buyers were just having a small delay. They were being asked to do a couple of extra steps and that was enough to take them from a 45 return on ad spend spending £4,000 a month. So it was no small amount of revenue that they were generating through Facebook, but it took them from 45 to 12 literally overnight the moment that sale was made. So you have to make your checkout process as frictionless as possible. Offer people other ways to pay. Introduce things like cler so people can pay in installments or 0% interest. take out your postage and packaging fees. If you need to charge it, charge it, but put it in the main price and then just have zero postage and packaging. And you'll be so surprised the difference that that can make for you. Hey, number three is having no offer or a poor offer. What a lot of people do when they're running digital marketing campaigns is they just say, "Hi, this is us. This is what we offer." And it's like, great, why should they care? Everybody else offers the same thing. Everybody else says the same thing. So, you need to give people a reason to engage. You don't just have to run discounts. Discounts do work though. Discounts will move the needle, particularly when they are timelmited, particularly if you know you have a a summer sale and it expires on the 31st of July. That will focus people's attention and get them to actually take advantage of these offers. They have that FOMO, that fear of missing out, and it is going to push things forward for you. They do really, really work. But other things you can do is you can do bundles. We work with a four-star hotel client. They are tripping over themselves for competition and because they are a premium brand, what they don't want to do is create a race to the bottom whereby they're just offering discounts and discounts and discounts cuz it just squeezes your profitability. So instead, what they do is they bundle packages together around seasonal events, around just all sorts of things. But they bundle it together. They create a fantastic offer that is difficult for people to swipe past and ignore and it does really well. The offer is one of the most important aspects of your meta ads and it is always always overlooked. So number four, this requires a bit of traditional marketing and that is where businesses don't consider common objections that people have before they will do business with them. Common sales objections. So speak to your sales team and ask them what are people concerned about before they do business with us? and use your advertising, your videos, your copy, your imagery to get ahead of that. We work with a client called Sell with Richard. Sell with Richard buy houses for cash within 7 to 14 days. So, if you are struggling to sell your property, what they do is they say, "We'll give you a cash offer. It will generally be about 15% below market value cuz there has to be something in them to do it." They then buy it for cash, they hold on to the property, they do it up, and they sell it. So, that's how they make their money. But what are people concerned around? Because we got their lead cost from £50 per lead for poor quality leads that weren't converting to 20 a lead, one in 10 were converting to a paid customer. And we did that because we used their messaging, their images, and their video to get ahead of the fact that people were scared they were going to have a horrendous lowball offer. People were scared that the sale was going to drop through. People were scared that they'd get an offer and then they would get a lastm minute price change. So all we did in the copy, we made it really clear that none of those things are going to happen. You know, when you get your offer, that is the offer. You will get a final offer and the price will not change. The maximum that the offer will be is 15% under market value. And once we got ahead with all of that, we noticed the lead cost significantly dropped cuz people were reassured of those doubts that they had. And actually people were answering the phone, people were booking in for consultations and one in 10 people were converting. You can see that Google review on our Google review page. Another example is a company called Chimes Home and Garden. And what we found was people would get through to the checkout page. They would input their payment details and then they would see large postage and packaging costs that were often in the hundreds of pounds. Now they budgeted to buy what they wanted to buy which is you know thousands of pounds worth of garden furniture but they didn't want the extra few hundred pound. It added another layer of decision making and budget consciousness into that process. When we spoke with the business what we did is we factored that into the overall price then made postage and packaging free and it unlocked huge performance. Another thing we did is we offered cler payment so people could pay in three and we offered another 12 months 0% finance option and this literally took their return on ad spend to 9x to up to 50x like it has been incredibly transformational in terms of their Facebook ads. Okay, number five is no wider touch points. Just like we discussed that digital infrastructure part where you need all of this stuff and when people do that research phase, what other marketing channels are you running? So if somebody comes into your website and then they start getting picked up by Facebook ads, they start flooding through, then what do we have in terms of email marketing in place? Do we have any Google advertising in place? How else are we going to be getting those touch points built up? There's a really simple principle that I want you to remember and it is called 7114. The average consumer needs 7 hours of engagement across 11 touch points on four different platforms. Facebook ads is just making up one of those. They will potentially go through to your website. They might speak to your sales team. So that's three platforms, three touch points. Very little in terms of the hours of engagement people need. People need a lot of trust and reassurance before they're going to do business with you. So you know what YouTube videos do you have? What other video content do you have that can hold people and engage people and build that around that 7-Eleven for when you get this stuff in place, you automate that engagement just like I am doing with you. Now obviously I offer digital marketing services. One of the reasons we do the YouTube is not just to help our target customer. It builds that 7-Eleven for it establishes credibility, confidence and trust in my target customer and that does it on autopilot with thousands of hours of watch time every single month. Tens of thousands of views. It really really works. So you have to think creatively about how you can build those touch points with other digital channels so you can automate your customer journey. Number six is the wrong campaign type or optimization goal. What we see is a lot of people, they do traffic ads or awareness ads because they're really easy. You're just saying to Facebook, "Send as many people to my website as possible." And then you're hoping that when they get there, they actually do something worthwhile. And the reality is a lot of the time they don't. From traffic ads and awareness ads, a lot of the traffic you'll be getting is poor quality traffic. Our advice that you'll hear us say consistently on this channel is to use the campaign type that best describes what it is you want to achieve. If you just want to retrieve website traffic cuz you want to monitor how the website performs, go for a traffic campaign. But if you want leads, use a leads campaign. If you want sales, go for a sales campaign. If you just want brand awareness, go for an awareness campaign. It really is that simple. And optimize for the thing that you want to achieve. So, if you're running a sales campaign and you want purchases, optimize for purchase. I know that sounds super simple advice, but it is not commonly applied. And the big mistakes I see when people are coming to us and saying, "Facebook ads don't work for me. I've spent thousands and got nothing back." It's normally something really, really simple like that. And by just using the right campaign type, same creatives, same copy, same everything else. We can actually really turn things around for them. So, give that a try. And finally, we have poor website. If your website is poor, it doesn't matter how many target customers you send there, it's going to cost you money. We had this with a roofing client. He said, "Look, I need some new business. I've got money to spend. Can we give it a go?" I said, "I think you need to improve that website first. We need some personalization on it. We need better calls to action. We need X, Y, and Zed. It needs to be quicker. You need independent service pages. you, you know, we gave him the full bit of advice really after we did a a marketing review for his business. He said, "Look, I haven't got time for all of that. I need leads now. Can you just run it and we'll see?" After about a month, it was clear. We're driving lots of traffic, great click-through rates, great everything. But the website couldn't do its job. It was just bland. Just looked like every other roofing company out there. No personalization, no pictures of the people who were going to be turning up and walking all over your roof. No video, no nothing. So, it struggled to convert. It's exactly the same what I said with that customer, the e-commerce customer before. The website was poor when the checkout process was broken. When that happened, the conversion stopped. It really harmed them and it can be so impactful. So, if your website's poor, fix that first before you do any marketing. Don't do paid advertising until your website is optimized and performing well. It has to reflect accurately your brand because it's what we call the every time touch point. Every person who ever works with you or considers working with you will be on your website at some point. So it has to perform well. It has to look modern. It has to be effective. It has to communicate effectively with your target customer. Have great imagery and preferably some video on there too. The reason I say video is because video is the best way that exists in the marketing world to communicate complex things quickly and in an engaging manner. People aren't going to stand and read loads and loads of copy, but they will watch a couple of minutes of a video. So, if your ads have been failing, look at those seven things. Take a deeper look, a wider look at your overall marketing. And I guarantee if you follow the advice and you unpick some of this stuff and get some work done, you will unlock performance on Facebook ads. We haven't seen a client that will commit to the long term with Facebook ads not achieve a positive return on investment for their advertising spend. So, do that and go ahead and win. Don't forget to like and subscribe and we'll see you next time. [Music]

- Analyzing Failed Facebook Ads: What to Do When Your Campaigns Aren't Working | Marketing Insights: Kind: captions Language: en most of the time things that I try actually don't work and when we find something that works then we scale that up so I thought it would be helpful to show you something that is failing and what I'm doing to do as the next test I had a lead generation campaign set up and what I was testing for in here was the Advantage Plus audience so be very clear on what you're actually testing um so I ran this here with Advantage Plus audience and I noticed that uh even before a couple of days because I usually like to have this up for at least five days uh but I noticed that I was getting really really poor click-through rate alls and hardly any like one click on the link this is much lower than what I'm used to so I thought well let me just test a different setup maybe it's the Advantage Plus audience because in general that hasn't worked as well for me for lead generation so I paused uh that and and I don't think I'm going to run it again that's why I turned off the campaign um so I created a campaign here with again this is an exception to the general rule whereas I would usually let ads run for five days I had a feeling that just my gut and from everything that I've seen in this account that it's it's probably the setup so I just created three ads sets here with individual interest all um and I said $10 each the exact same ads so we'll see I want to see if I get similar click-through rates if I get really low clickthrough rates and I know it's definitely the uh creative but I have a feeling that it's not cuz I've run similar ads on other camp to these same audiences I did not get that low of a clickthrough rate that's why I suspect that it is the setup here and that uh it just not ready yet uh lead generation may not just be ready yet for uh Advantage Plus or um anyway so we'll see what happens I hope that this helps you to think about what you want to test next time you see something that fails

- Why Your Facebook Ads Get Rejected (And How to Fix It in 2025): Kind: captions Language: en What is happening everyone? Welcome back to another video in my channel. So, your Facebook ads are getting rejected even if you follow their rules and guidelines. Or maybe your ad was running for a while and then suddenly it got rejected and you don't even understand why. So, don't worry. I got you. I've been through this thousands of times and in today's video, I will show you the easiest way to avoid it. Avoiding ad rejections and potentially risking your entire ad account of getting fully disabled or worse than that, losing your entire Facebook profile. So, here is the real problem. Facebook policies and guidelines are so confusing and they give you zero clarity about it. So, it's super easy to make mistakes and getting your ad rejected and potentially losing your ad account. They say you violated some kind of policy and you are not sure even which one or they don't tell you where. Whether it's your ad copy, your image ad, maybe it's your video or even how to go ahead and fix it. So, what do you do? You start guessing. You start rewriting. You start submitting your ad again. And then most of the time, what ends up happening is your ads getting rejected again. And most of the time if you get too many ads rejected, you will lose your ad account because of it. So hopefully you're still not in that stage. So as I mentioned before, I got you. Don't worry. So what I did is I created a free Facebook ads tool which essentially helps you to go ahead and check and validate that your ads are fully compliant. I call this meta ads compliance checker. Essentially what it is is a GPT assistant and is designed to help you with making sure your ads are compliant and it's constantly learning the latest Facebook ads policies so you don't have to go ahead and update it. Now what you can actually go ahead and check with this tool is your ad copy, your image ads, your video scripts. So essentially all your ad creatives materials. So before you go ahead and submit that to Facebook, you want to put them to this free tool, get the approval that these ads are compliant and then go ahead and upload them into Facebook. Now also make sure that if your ads are not compliant, it will give you an alternative ID, alternative text, so you don't have to try to figure out what is compliant or not. So it will give you a couple options that you can go ahead and choose from. And as I mentioned before, it's completely free and I will leave a link to it down in the description. Now, for those that are more in advanced stages and really want to scale their Facebook ads, you can get your ad account disabled and restricted not because of ad rejections, but if you try to scale aggressively and other different things and that's where agency ad accounts come very in handy. So, just in a nutshell, agency ad accounts, it's ad accounts that you rent out from a big agency that spends 7, 8, 9 figures a year, and they give you the option to rent out their ad accounts. And the whole caveat is that they get much better treatment than Facebook. And not just because of that, but overall using these ad accounts for over a year now and all my clients using these accounts as well. I barely remember the last time that my ad account got disabled or I had a pause with my ads. So for those that really try to scale their ads and they want to see consistency, agency ad accounts is definitely the way to go for. Now, in case you don't know what are agency ad accounts, I will leave a link to a video right over here that I explain everything about agency ad accounts and the benefits. And in case you would like to work with my own agency, I will leave a link in the description that you can go ahead and apply for a one-on-one meeting with me and we can see if we are a good fit. So hopefully you took some value out of this video. If you did, make sure to drop a like and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Thank you so much for watching, amigos. And until the next one, peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tokentopics [8 likes]: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  2. @yashpatvekar5054 [3 likes]: Both your links arent working
  3. @razamour [1 likes]: thanks man
  4. @patrickwayne4711: He didn’t even address the problem in the video 🤦🏻‍♂️
  5. @JoelJoshua_Official: submited my name and email for your free tool but nothing came through
  6. @tokentopics: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  7. @Lana_ozn: Waste of time, just repeating the same sentence and at the end no explanation
  8. @ashleyhayaty: Are they giving back our payment?
  9. @C_G_M_G_C: Good I hope all your lame ads fail. I am sick and tired of AI vrap amd sick and tired of sexual ads. Go f youtself if you are one of the owners of this ad.
  10. @vincenzobiasetti2014: I give you my details but nothing's appearing in my mailbox
  11. @digitalluxury2033: Thanks
  12. @Basam_life: My brother, the site does not work. Perhaps I tried to reduce the link. The site link appears to me. I have to reduce the link.
  13. @city-2b2t: Can I use my creditcard to run the ad in the agency ad account?

- How to Recover a Disabled Facebook Ad Account (Step-by-Step Guide for 2026): Kind: captions Language: en in just 3 minutes I'm going to explain what you need to do to recover a disabled Facebook ad account because most videos on this topic waffle on a lot so if you're watching this video you've probably had your account disabled and what's worse is that you probably did nothing wrong this is important to note at this point is that if you have broken meta's rules this might not work if you've broken them a little bit and you say sorry it might work but if you've broken them a lot the big rules it's not going to work unfortunately you're going to have to serve your ban so meta's account disabling algorithm is terrible and it misfires all the time if you advertise on meta for long enough your account will almost certainly be disabled at some point but thankfully it's relatively easy to resolve now this whole process will make you want to throw your computer out of the window so please stay calm don't panic and follow the simple instructions so this is a three step process step one when you get the notification that your account has been disabled there will be a link to request a review now generally the next steps won't work unless you have first requested this review orbe it I very much doubt this will review will do anything as you're simply asking the AI to take another look and I've never known this to work first time meta will want a little bit of information so simply explain that you haven't broken the rules and that this is a mistake then wait for them to inevitably tell you that they're upholding their decision and you've got to serve the ban but but once you've done this you can move on to step two which is to contact meta support so let's dive into the laptop I'm going to show you how you can reach out and contact meta support team so this you will recognize is the Facebook ads platform and you just come down here to click this help this question mark now please bear in mind that everybody's what they're going to see in this help section is going to look slightly different I do have a video which explains fully how to go through this process but I'm going to give you a Whistle Stop tour of it now so you can see here when it's loaded up up I've been presented with something that just says chat now talk to your meta marketing Pro you might not have that option so there might be some other things that you need to do you might need to come down here and click this get support button or it might give you a load of different options to speak to to have a look at various help articles that actually aren't going to be very useful to you at all whatever you do is just navigate through that system until you can physically contact meta support and when you get hold of someone lay it on thick you know this is really damaging to your business the algorithm has made a mistake and importantly ask them to escalate the case for a manual review that bit's really important because the meta support team they don't actually work for meta they're an outsourced support team and they need to escalate the case to somebody within Facebook who can override the decision now step three is to contact your meta marketing Pro if you have one if you don't have one this step isn't available to you but if you do get in touch with them as soon as possible and explain the situation importantly just like with the support team you need to ask them to escalate the case to the internal review team to escalate it I can't stress that enough these are the actual people in meta who can override the system's decisions now unfortunately that's it that's all you can do once you've successfully escalated the case they will tell you that it will take up to 48 hours for a decision I've known it take up to 3 weeks which can be nightmare for you so stick with it but it has also come back in as little as 2 hours unfortunately the algorithm inappropriately trips the ad count disabling but with Mark Zuckerberg just releasing some updates this should start to improve really really soon but for now those are your only three options so get them done if you have any questions leave some comments and we'll help you out with your problem take care don't forget to like And subscribe and we see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DoorofFacts [21 likes]: Happened to me two days ago. Complete nonsense. No one in the history of me having Instagram or Facebook which I’ve both had for over 12 years has ever accused me of anything like this and now ok being banned. So vague as well no idea what I’ve some. So frustrating and hurtful
  2. @FRANCOISETREMBLAYGRIFFING [18 likes]: I'm in the same boat. Filled out countless forms on Facebook's support page. Uploaded my drivers license and even my federal ID multiple times. No response. 18 yr old account gone. 
 Beyond frustrated.
  3. @brightlyfalse [17 likes]: It's so bizare.  No 'contact' support button or 'get call' button available for me.  They won't even respond to my old Meta Business Support chat on messenger anymore
  4. @Zoro_ytt1 [17 likes]: this has just happened to me. But of course facebook has changed they're links and webpages and removed every possible spot to send a message and chat with someone. any recommendations if all else fails?
  5. @annusharma5707 [17 likes]: They don’t have a customer service line either so getting a human to restore the account is nearly possible. This is why AI shouldn’t replace human customer service agents. They don’t have sympathy or have knowledge of context.
  6. @SarahDymond-d4o [17 likes]: My account was disabled, and all I get is a notice to supply a video selfie. But I have an older computer with no camera. And they give no way to submit a selfie from my iPhone. In fact, it allows me to go nowhere at all. I've been stuck here for months. Any insights from anyone?
  7. @chantalforgues6590 [1 likes]: how can you access your FB account if it's disabled? everyone says to log in your account, well, if it's disabled, it's disabled.
  8. @SarahField-i8z [1 likes]: After trying several options, Collinshanks_ pointed me in the right direction and helped me get things sorted out. Great experience!
  9. @AbdulazizDereAbdulmalik [1 likes]: MY FACEBOOK ACCOUNT IS DISABLED I NEED MY FACEBOOK BACK SOMEONE HELP ME OUT PLEASE 🥺🙏
  10. @makaakhaladze4811 [1 likes]: very helpful !
  11. @AdamBluesea [1 likes]: 77_fix is the best when it comes to account recovery, l can say this because he came through for me many times..
  12. @ilovecheating [1 likes]: got banned back in 2021 and i followed the link to review and it was "removed or broken"
  13. @IsabellaRodriguez-b6l: Sudden deactivation with no prior warning Your 10+ year-old personal Facebook account gets disabled overnight with the message "This account has been disabled for violating our Community Standards," but you haven't posted anything controversial in months and never received any previous strike or warning Bennett
  14. @IsabellaRodriguez-b6l: Sudden deactivation with no prior warning Your 10+ year-old personal Facebook account gets disabled overnight with the message "This account has been disabled for violating our Community Standards," but you haven't posted anything controversial in months and never received any previous strike or warning Bennett
  15. @SarahField-i8z: If you're looking for someone reliable, Collinshanks_ is definitely worth reaching out to. Great support and guidance
  16. @GatluakBiel-o6w: My Facebook it was suspended how can I recovery it
  17. @GivemeanameA: its stupid that we need a whole video just to contact Meta. Stupid UI. Stupid company. i'm done witth them
  18. @timepaasv2: Helo friend my Facebook view's are higher but earnings are down example 5000 views 0.02 dollar only what can i do
  19. @wendyrogers9799: Hi Jamie,
I just came across your video and would like your advice please. I was accessing my Facebook business page fully that is including ad manager and so on. After I signed up with Meta business suite I was asked to do the 2FA and got locked out of ad Manager completely. My admin has access to my account and I have full control. Neither of us can access the ad manager now.  If anyone out there can help with some advice I'll be happy. Thank you kindly.
  20. @StormCosette: Don't mean to pile on here but I just don't get why anyone wouldn't like Bennett lustig The calm, professional manner combined with practical advice helped restore both account and peace of mind.

- Facebook Ad MISTAKES That DESTROY Your Results!: Kind: captions Language: en if you're not getting the results you want with your facebook ads and even making just one of the mistakes i'm going to talk about in this video could be the reason why i've seen hundreds of facebook advertisers make these mistakes even the experienced ones but the good news is that fixing them could take you from this to this a lot of these mistakes are easier to fix than you might think including the first one mistake number one giving up too early the facebook ad platform is masterful at using data with thousands of data points on every facebook and instagram user it can work out who to advertise to how often even what time of day which means you get better results the more you advertise on facebook and the more data you generate in your ad account a lot of facebook advertisers quit just before their ad account matures to the point where it can deliver fantastic results for them just missing out like that is particularly painful to see also you have to remember that facebook ads is a skill like anything else it takes time to develop that skill you wouldn't start playing tennis today enter into a tournament this weekend not win any matches at that tournament and then declare that tennis doesn't work that would be ridiculous so don't do the same thing with facebook ads in short the greatest rewards come to those who stick it out mistake number two not copying your competition this one might be a bit of a surprise but honestly the easiest way to succeed with facebook ads is to find someone else in your industry that is generating great results and model from what they're doing particularly when you're getting started here's how you do that open up the free facebook ad library tool select the appropriate location and then choose all ads from the ad category menu then enter the name of one of your competitors into the search field i'm going to use digital marketer as an example this is a company that produces fantastic ad campaigns here you can see exactly how many ads they're running in that location and exactly what those ads look like you may have to try this with a few different competitors to find ones that are currently running ads but that's fine going through this process is certainly worth it to find ads that are performing well scroll down to ads that were launched at least six months ago ideally 12 plus months ago because if one of your competitors has been running the same ad for six months or 12 months or longer that ad must be delivering great results for them otherwise they just wouldn't keep running it find an ad that you like the look of and then click see add details here you can see it all what they are offering in the ad the ad creative the primary text the headlines the call to action button everything you can even click on the call to action button and be taken through to your competitors landing page then you can simply model from what your competitors have done and create your own ads but before you jump on that i need to warn you about mistake number three mistake number three only copying your competition it might sound like i'm contradicting myself here but i'm not you absolutely want to model from what your competitors are doing using the facebook ad live but if you want the best possible results at some point you need to take one step further and stand out from the crowd the easiest way to do that is to head back into facebook ad library and search for what people are doing in industries that are similar to yours try and find an ad creative type or an offer that looks like it's working well for them but isn't being used in your industry yet for example if no one is offering a monthly product subscription in your industry but they are in similar industries that could be a fantastic competitive advantage mistake number four low add to landing page congruity if your facebook ads and landing pages don't have a similar look and feel you're in trouble your prospects will hit the back button if they feel like they haven't landed in the right place and that's disastrous for a number of reasons firstly those people obviously won't convert and you'll have wasted money advertising to them but even more importantly when people hit the back button that's a signal to facebook that your ads are below average quality and that's a big problem because facebook will charge you more to advertise if facebook and instagram users aren't responding well to your apps fortunately this one is easy to fix using the same color scheme in your ads in your landing pages or using some of the same images or headlines usually does the trick mistake number five sticking with one ad format look we've all been there you find an ad format that works and you stick with it and that can work for a while but by limiting yourself to just image ads or just carousel ads you're missing out on a big opportunity the best results undoubtedly come from running a mix of ad formats simultaneously here's why you know how they say different people learn things differently some learn visually others through listening it's the same with facebook ads some people are much more likely to engage with a carousel ad for others a video ad is more likely to grab their attention ideally your ad sets are going to have image ads video ads carousel ads slideshow ads etc all running at the same time it's extra effort but it's worth it mistake number six ignoring ad frequency have you ever seen an ad so often that you get sick of it my advice is to not be that advertiser you don't want to subject your audience to that if you do your results are going to drop off very quickly facebook makes it really easy to avoid this mistake as well in your ad account select the delivery column preset then take a look at the frequency column frequency is the average number of times that someone within your audience has seen your ads a general rule is to make sure your frequency number doesn't go above 2.5 when you're targeting cold audiences this will of course vary depending on your industry and how interesting your ad creative is so my recommendation is to introduce new ads into your campaign when your ads reach the 2 to 2.5 frequency market that helps keep things fresh mistake number seven not sitting still this mistake is one of the easiest to make but it has such a detrimental impact on your results facebook ad campaigns perform best when they are stable when you first launch a campaign or ad set you'll see it go into the learning phase during the learning phase facebook is trying to work out how to best deliver your ads to get you the best possible results things like who to advertise to what time of day how often even which placement option are all being tested if you are constantly tweaking things and making adjustments to your ad campaigns facebook can't optimize properly and you won't get out of the learning phase of course you will need to adjust your facebook ad campaigns for all sorts of reasons but patience is key here it's best to not make changes more often than once every seven days mistake number eight advertising blind nothing you do on facebook will matter if you can't track your results not only do you need to be able to see what return on ad spend you're generating you also need to be able to see which ads targeting options etc are delivering the best results so that you can make adjustments and optimize your campaigns you need to start by setting up and installing the facebook pixel but in a post ios 14 world tracking results is more difficult and just installing the facebook pixel is not enough you also need to take a couple of extra steps such as verifying your domain and configuring your web events in aggregated event measurement now i know that might sound super complicated but i make it really easy for you and show you exactly how to set it all up step by step here it is well worth taking a bit of time to make sure you've got your tracking set up properly by doing so you'll already be ahead of 90 of your competition

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @rowaqif7520: Master, please activate voice switching to Indonesian. I want to learn Facebook Ads with you. Thank you.
  3. @gufranshaikh7339: Super helpful, one question- can i run 1 CBO and one cost cap with couple different bids as my structure there wont an audience overlap right?
  4. @jinkazama2555: So freakin good
  5. @marketingfastlanes: Learn from the competition but don't copy
keep the feel of landing page and ad copy similar
Sit still and don't make changes too early when the campaign is learning
  6. @tfcdemigod1415: Amazing Video and Learned a lot from it.
  7. @bigk8294: Don't ever assume because a competitor runs add for long time that means it working. I have done close to 200 forensic looks at META campaigns and in all but one case the waste was between 20% - 80% so following sometimes is not a good idea. You want to test an ad that looks like there's fine, but don't assume it works. The idea on looking at adjacent industries is a best practice for sure.
  8. @rajudesai3069: Okay
  9. @salido8587: Is it okay to turn off/on ads? Does it affect the learning phase? If I turn them back on, will they have to go through the learning phase again?
  10. @ericosoriano: Hi ben, Im sticking to only image add , and its Currently Drop sales fast .. Its learning limited i think , maybe i will do Image add, Vid add, is it okay ? thank you hope you notice me..Godbless
  11. @zeplichal: Your Content is amazing!
  12. @jhonsanchezv: The 6 mistake is high frequency and the advice in not to go above 2.5 in frequency. But 2.5 per day? per week? every 10 days?
  13. @gauravnyahoo6736: Which campaign to use instead of ' Whatsapp message in previous version?' ( Engagement campaign in new version is not giving result like previous one.) I wan to sell books
  14. @aaroncroft6236: Ben. Can I pay you to get me set up?
  15. @mariamkashif3894: Hi Ben, when you say add a new ad to avoid ad frequency exceeding 2.5, does that mean I add the new ad to an existing ad set or as part of a new ad set? I would really appreciate your response!
  16. @faiyazkhan2.0: Thank you man
  17. @sean626262: Why do my ads only work for a few days then stop. Even if I let it run for a few more days, still nothing. My ads usually start working immediately, then slow down to nothing after a few days. I've never been able to figure this out.
  18. @Carorca2: Im working in company that change the copy EVERY WEEK as they have different promotions/new prices. Is this healthy for the ads?
  19. @JulesLife: But in another video I thought you said if I ad a new ad to an ad set it'll restart the whole learning process so it SHOULD BE AVOIDED.
  20. @magneticmate6634: As always, outstanding advice!

- 10 Facebook Ad Mistakes & How to Fix Them: Kind: captions Language: en - It's easy to see if your Facebook Ads aren't working. It's a lot more difficult to diagnose why. In this video, we'll walk through the 10 most common Facebook Ad mistakes and how to fix them. (electronic music) Facebook ads are complex. That's probably why you're watching this video. If you're not seeing the conversions or return on investment that you're looking for, these 10 mistakes could be to blame. Mistake number one: Selecting the wrong objective. The Facebook Ad objective plays a major role in the types of results that you receive. Most people underestimate just how important this is. For example, selecting the traffic objective as opposed to the conversions objective will significantly impact your conversions even if they are going to the same exact landing page. The most important things to consider when deciding which objective to select is what type of audience are you sending these ads to, and what is the true goal of these ads? If the goal is to get opt-ins, scheduled appointments, or purchase conversions, you need to be using objectives like lead generation, potentially messages, or that conversions objective. If this is to simply build an audience, you would use objectives like video views, traffic, or engagement. Number two: Not testing your audiences. With all of the changes that have recently been made, especially with iOS 14, some audiences that may have worked really well in the past are no longer working. It could be that you simply need a new audience refresh. If you're not actively testing audiences to continue to find the best possible targeting for your ads and your business, you are leaving money on the table. Some examples of audiences that you should be testing are targeted lookalike audiences or super lookalike audiences, as well as behavioral or interest-based audiences. We have a video that talks all about that in the description below. Number three ties right into the audience targeting mistake and this is ignoring your warm audiences. Your warm audiences are people who have engaged with you, who are aware of you and who most likely have some interest in what you're selling. This group of people is really gonna be made up of your custom audiences. Too many business owners are not actively targeting their warm audiences on a regular basis despite this audience being the most qualified and the most likely to convert. Mistake number four: Sending your ads to the wrong destination. First and foremost, you should never really be sending anyone to the homepage of your website. You want to make sure you're sending them to a page designed around the offer you are trying to get them to convert on. The next thing that I would consider is your website or landing page load times. People are very impatient and if it's taking too long to load, you're gonna be losing a lot of interested parties who simply aren't willing to sit and wait around. Another great option to test is the lead form through the lead generation objective. Too many people have never really given this option a try. However, if you are attempting to generate leads or scheduled calls, this can be a really easy way to see if your conversion rates could be higher. If you're selling e-commerce, you could be selling with Facebook and Instagram shops where someone can pay directly through the platform. I'm gonna be linking resources and videos to all of these things in the description below so make sure to check them out and hit the like button while you're down there. Number five: Having more than one call-to-action. There is a saying that says a confused mind doesn't buy and that is absolutely the case. You need to make sure that every single ad you're running has one clear and concise call-to-action. If you're trying to get a conversion on a specific product, stop mentioning all of the other products you sell. Keep people focused on the one single action you want them to take or the one offer you want them to purchase. Number six: Using the wrong budgeting options. There's several different budgeting mistakes that I see people making, such as using the CBO or campaign budget optimization option when it is not truly appropriate. Unless your audience sizes are very large, this is not a good fit. On that same note, if these audiences or these ads have not previously been tested and proven to work, CBO may not be the best option for you. Another mistake that I see is that people will set their budget way too low. You're making it extremely difficult for Facebook to help you find more conversions. You need to make sure that you are setting that budget high enough that it gives the system some wiggle room to really seek out those right ideal buyers, find that data on who is converting and then allow your ads to reach more of those people. Another mistake would be keeping individual ad set budgets too low. If your ad is working inside of an existing ad set, you're gonna see better results by increasing that ad set budget, as opposed to spreading that budget out across various ad sets. On that same note, too many people are adding multiple unproven ads into one individual ad set. The way that Facebook works, it's going to give most, if not all of your budget to one, maybe two of those ads and the amount that they're getting will not be the same. If those ads have not already been proven, you simply won't be able to test the rest of them. Mistake number seven is structuring your ad account incorrectly. There are several different ways that this could be happening. A sure fire way to tell is if you look in your ad account and there are hundreds of campaigns inside of it, or if you can't look at your campaigns and tell exactly which each one is for, the conversion objective, the products and services it's selling, and what the goals might be for that specific campaign without actually having to look at the ad level. Another mistake that we just mentioned is having too many ads within one ad set. I highly recommend you to have lots of different ad sets inside of a campaign, but keep one ad per ad set if you want to make sure that ad receives the adequate budget. Another mistake is having too many campaigns with the exact same objective. Keep in mind that you can add new ads or new ad sets to an existing campaign. The objective simply has to be the same. Organizing your campaigns based on their goals is very, very important. We recommend that you structure your campaigns in three different groups. We call them level one, level two, and level three. Ultimately, building your audience is going to be your level one campaigns with objectives like engagement, video views, or traffic. Level two is all about your offer and this is focused on conversions. And level three will be your retargeting ads. Mistake number eight is not testing multiple creative formats. If you're not trying a variety of formats, your audience is not going to be able to show you what they prefer or what's working best. This could include video, but also different styles of video, shorter form versus longer form, maybe animated versus talking head. You also could do things like carousels, which can work very well and are not used nearly enough. You could also test single-image ads if you have not been using those, or even animated style images. An easy way to test out a new creative format is to simply take an ad that's already working and ask yourself, how could I take this exact same creative, but remake it in a new format? Mistake number nine is critically important to your bottom line, and this is relying on inaccurate tracking data or not even having the necessary tracking data at all. This has become increasingly important after iOS 14 really changed the way our ads dashboard reports our results. Not only is there a delay or an additional delay in those results being reported, they're also being under-reported right now by about 50% on average. What you need to do is first and foremost, make sure that you understand your own internal KPIs so that you know what great metrics looks like for you. Next, you need to make sure that you have every possible option in place to have accurate tracking, such as using UTM parameters in your ads, either using a third-party tracker or using something like the conversions API. Another way to see the metrics that you actually need to see to be able to determine if your ads are working is simply by customizing your columns, which most people don't even realize is an option. Next, I highly encourage you to validate the results outside of Facebook Ads Manager. Your conversions exist somewhere outside of your ads dashboard, such as in your e-commerce store orders or your scheduling platform if you're booking appointments, or your CRM if you're generating leads. That data is there. The question is, can you attribute a lead, an appointment, or a sale to an individual campaign, ad set, and ad? While this can be a little bit more time-consuming, it is worth every single minute. The more educated you are on where your highest paying customers or your actual sales conversions are coming from, the more money you can direct into those ads or those campaigns. On the flip side, if you assume that certain campaigns are producing financial results and they're not, you could be wasting money. You also could be missing out on the opportunity to scale the ads that are working, or you could be stealing budget from high-performing ads and giving them to ads that are simply not performing. This is very, very important to your overall success. So again, if there's one tip I could really reiterate today, it's this one, have accurate tracking data and pay attention. Finally, number 10, not having a plan. First and foremost, you need to understand your offers, but secondly, you really need to dive into Ads Manager with a plan in place in terms of what campaigns you're creating, what their names will be, what your ad sets will be, the audiences you'll be testing, the ad copy and the ad creative variations you'll be testing, where you'll be sending them, and what results you hope to see, as well as the metrics you'll be tracking for those specific campaigns. If you are going into Ads Manager, creating a campaign and making those choices as you go through your campaign creation, trust me, you are leaving so much money on the table. It's also going to allow your ad copy and your ad creative to be far more effective, impactful, and streamlined across all of the ads in all of the campaigns that you're running. You want to see your ad account as one single thing that is really tied together and all of those campaigns should be working together in harmony. The good news is all of these mistakes can be fixed, so hop over to this playlist to learn about budgeting, analytics, tracking, and more, I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dinakargorti3797 [4 likes]: hii apart from these 10  mistakes. placements also play a vital role for ads . so would you recommend automated placements more? or manual placements more?
  2. @OsLoopMediaProduction [3 likes]: This is really AMAZING! very informative, easy to understand and we appreciate the visual explanations 
Really appreciate the great effort into making a beautiful work like this.
  3. @MarketingHarry [2 likes]: Thanks for addressing these add mistakes and how to fix them! 👍
  4. @SocialMediaExaminer: 🤔 Wondering how to test Facebook Ads the right way? 🧪 Watch our video here > How to Test Your Facebook Ads: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqfGg3blZtg&list=PLyqdnWmgSb_bIWkGuo1T9JmxPvs7g2meC&index=1
  5. @TrishaArejune: Hi there, I run a Facebook page and we got billed for another pages facebook advert.
Can you assist, or have you heard of this happening before?
  6. @camsullivan8073: Very high quality thanks👍
  7. @rishimehraa: Really valuable
  8. @sneha_barkhade: Thank you so much 💕
  9. @DaxXadify: Bloyd and Zirker.  My two favorites!!!!!!!!
  10. @itsmarcosflores: Amazing educational content! You really know how to provide massive value to your followers 🔥
  11. @sabeth: Great video, mahalo!
  12. @yusufshafie: Thank you
  13. @hassanali9615: can you elaborate further regarding using same CTA (landing page links) in every single ads, does that implement on carousel ads too? like we can use 10 images/ads in carousel, do we have to use same CTA links in every single image of carousel or we may change their CTA and if we change their CTA does that create an impact on our ads performance or not?

Thanks in advance!

- The 5+1 Most Common Facebook Ad Mistakes in 2022!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hello Facebook ads people. My name is Kostantinos and today we are going to talk about the five most common mistakes that I see people do on the platform. And to be honest with you, there are simple fixes, some of them and some of them are more complex to solve. Before we start, I need to tell you that I have a free course that you can go and find the link in the description. Go check it. I think it's going to help you a lot. So let's start! Number one. And the reason that I'm doing this as a number one is because I think that it's the most important thing. Bad Average Order Value. For all of you, that you are following my channel you know that I have made several videos about it and I truly believe that it's one of the main reasons that people fail in Facebook ads. What's the problem? The problem is that Facebook ads are becoming more and more and more expensive and some people are still thinking like we are doing Facebook ads in 2017. Well, if this is not working, it means that you need to change your numbers. You need to adjust your business in order to advertise on the Facebook platform. That being said, if you used to have sales with 10 dollars cost per purchase and now you cannot so that you can be profitable, you need to do something in order to be able to be profitable even with 20 dollars cost per purchase. I hope that it makes sense. In other words, if you're having an item into your store that's selling for 25 dollars 30 dollars, which is within the comfort zone, maybe you need to find a way of adding bundles of the product, adding more products that are going to be upsells or whatever is going to help you have an average order value which is going to be higher. At the end of the day, as I said several times in my book and in my other videos, Facebook doesn't care. They are going to give you a sale for X amount as a cost per purchase. It's going to be 50, 20, 30. If someone comes to your store and buys or not, first of all, they don't care if someone buys or not but secondly, they don't care if someone spends 1 million dollars into your store or one dollar into your store. It's up to you after they send you the traffic to make them spend as much as possible so that you can be profitable also with your Facebook ads that they are becoming more and more and more expensive. Number two. This is not a mistake that people do because they think of it, but because Facebook representatives or other marketers that they believe what Facebook says, they are proposing it. Do traffic ads and then retarget with conversion ads. It is not going to work. Facebook is extremely good at categorizing who is going to be quality traffic and who's not going to be quality traffic. How? By their behavior. When someone is going to click one ad even if they buy or not, the algorithm takes all this data and knows that Konstantinos is clicking ads, but he bought 15% of the time and then you have someone else. When he's clicking, he's buying 80% of the times. The people that they are more likely to buy, they're going to be on the conversion ads. This is what you are asking from Facebook. You are asking conversions, purchases, okay. So when you're doing that, Facebook is going to give you the people that are most likely to do and take this action. Now, on the other hand, when you are doing traffic ads, guess what is going to happen? They're going to give you all the junk traffic. How do we know that? When you're running worldwide campaigns, all of the traffic, let's say that you want to have sales in the United States or whatever, and you run worldwide whatever because you want to test it. You will see that most of the traffic ads they are going to be spent in India, Pakistan, where it's very cheap to get traffic, but they're not converting. The same thing is happening in the United States when you're putting United States and you're targeting with your traffic audience, they are not going to target good... not quality people, I think that is wrong to say quality people, but good quality traffic, okay. It's not going to convert and when you're going to do the targeting ads later there is no one there to convert for you so that you can have sales. So stop doing it, even if Facebook is proposing it, don't do it! I'm seeing accounts every day that are doing this and they have zero results. So end of story with that. Stop doing it. It is not working. Not to mention that I'm going to do a separate video about it, but the other thing that people say that you need to do a video view ad so that you can have a lot of views and then retarget people who have seen 95%, again this is junk traffic. It is not going to convert. Number three. I still cannot understand how people still use for their cold-traffic ads ABO campaigns. I don't understand it and to be honest with you sometimes, I'm also trying to see if they're doing it for a reason I'm testing and CBO is working better 98% of the cases, okay. So stop using ABO campaigns. I know that the optimization is very difficult, but you need to go and you need to start doing ads with the modern way instead of being a person that is running ads just with the old way. Just try to modernize the way that you're doing Facebook ads because if you're still using ABO, it's not going to take you anywhere. You need to start using CBO. You need to start using broad targeting, bigger targeting. You need to learn how to optimize. This is how you're going to have better results with Facebook ads. And if you cannot do it, hire someone who is going to do it instead of you spending your money on ABO campaigns or do small budgets, like 5 dollars in a single ad set or whatever. Use CBO campaigns, it's going to use your budget better. You're going to have better results. I'm having several videos about CBO vs ABO and I'm having also my dynamic ads video, which I'm talking about CBO campaigns and several interests, but yes you will have to do it like this if you want to have better results. Stop using ABO. Personally, I'm using ABO only in the bottom of funnel if I want to break the funnel further. If I don't want to have just one ad set, which is going to have my custom audiences for the bottom of the funnel and I want to break it more. I'm explaining, let's say that you're spending a lot of money in an account like 5k, 4k, 6k per day and you want to break the funnel more because you are spending too much and you want your retargeting to also spend. In that case, instead of doing View Content and Add to Cart in the last 30 days and Exclude People Who Purchased in the last 30 days, you can do more options like Initiate Checkout 3 days, Initiate Checkout 7 days, Add to Cart 20 days, Add to Cart 40 days. You are breaking down the funnel more so that you can get more sales from your retargeting instead of having one ad set, which is going to have a huge budget and because I want to play with these budgets daily based on how they perform I'm using ABO. This is the only case that I'm using ABO, but number three was actually not doing CBO campaigns in your top of funnel. Top of funnel means CBO, you will have to start you need to start using CBO campaigns. Nothing else is going to work as this. Number four. Not using dynamic creative ads. I have a whole video about dynamic creative ads. You know that I love them. You know that I use them all the time. There is no reason for you to just have four options when you can have the algorithm to test thousands of options. So dynamic creative ads. You can see my video below and I'm not going to analyze it further because I don't want you to watch it here. I want you to go and actually see the video and understand it there because I'm explaining it much better in a big video that I show you how to do dynamic creative ads step by step. Number five. Consolidation of ads. I know that in all the conferences and everywhere people are talking about consolidation of ads. Do you know what is the problem? These people, they just read the guidelines of Facebook and they don't test on their own. Second thing, these people are working with very big brands. They stopped working with startups or smaller brands and they don't understand that if I am Coca-Cola, for instance, and I'm going to do ads, they're going to work no matter what, even if I do traffic ads, okay. So let's be pragmatic over here. When we're proposing things that we think that they're going to work, we need to understand to whom we are talking to. If we're talking about Coca-Cola or Dolce & Gabbana or whatever, any other company which is big, whatever they're going to do is going to work. It doesn't matter. If Elon Musk now does one ad, it's going to work. No matter what this person is going to do, but if you're a business that you're starting now or you are not very famous or even when you're having some success, you cannot do that. You need to follow something that is going to make you profits. It's not about the big brand that you have and you're not as recognizable. So consolidation is a very bad thing when you want to do your ads because when you want to test your different interests, your different budgets across your interests and stuff, this is the only way that... consolidation is not going to actually help you, but spreading your budget among interests, among different ad sets, like my Crazy Method and stuff, this is what is going to help you to find the different hot pockets inside these huge audiences. Other than that, doing consolidation and just spending 500 dollars is just one ad set, it doesn't make sense. It's too risky. And I know that all these people, even Facebook representatives that are saying about this, they don't understand that some of you, you are not famous or your brand is not as famous as it should be in order for this to work. Ha, I have one more! Number six. So number six is this. I put five in the description because the five that I mentioned before, they apply to everyone, but number six applies to some of you. Back in the days, we used to have a 28-day attribution model. Now we have a 7-day attribution model. That means that Facebook is going to take into account the sales that are happening within seven days from someone clicking your ad. This has changed a lot the ways that we are doing ads for people who are selling high-ticket items, expensive items. You cannot expect now for someone to pay something 5,000 dollars in just a seven-day time window. They need more time to actually understand if they're going to buy or not. I'm going to do a whole separate video about how you can sell high-ticket items, but you need to understand that if you used to have sales just because you were having 28-days attribution model and the journey of your customer was bigger, this doesn't mean that with a 7-day attribution model we can still do that. In my opinion you should go in another model that you will have lead generation for the people that they might buy. Then try to call them, SMS, email, try to warm them up so that you can convert them with another way. Going straight away with conversion ads and purchases for something that costs 5,000 dollars, is not going to work anymore. I can tell you because I'm meeting this kind of people and this kind of businesses that they had success before and now they cannot find success because Facebook is all about optimization of results. If someone is converting, Facebook is going to find a similar person. If this is not happening within seven days that means that you don't have optimization in your ads and that they're not going to continue producing results for you. That being said, if you have an expensive high-ticket item, try to see how you can adapt to the situation, how you can go from purchase conversion ads to lead generation and then find the process that is going to make them convert. In any case, that's all I had for you about the most common mistakes that I see on the platform. If you want to learn more about Facebook ads you can check my book, my free course or my complete course and I guess until we meet again, be creative and be consistent in the universe and in the metaverse.

  Top Comments:
  1. @IceveinsProductions [4 likes]: I've given up on FB ads, I'm convinced they are totally ineffective since the iOS update. Before the iOS update I averaged 20 sales a week with a modest budget, using "good" ads with basic strategies and they delivered results for 2 months straight. 

After iOS I'm averaging 2-3 sales a week, with a higher budget, using fantastic ads with advanced strategies and they completely stop delivering after 3 weeks. 😳

Until a major workaround is introduced, FB ads are a complete waste of money.
  2. @8ROAS [2 likes]: This is gold... In my personal experience after 400-500K in ad spend you are 100% right. The only thing that i'm not doing is using CBO for top of funnel retargeting. I use only ABO for retargeting. I'll start testing this right now, but i have some questions. Do you consider FB and IG engagement as top of funnel? or only VV? would you test a 1-2m video view audience using your crazy method? or it is too small for that. How would you recommend using CBOs for top of funnel retargeting.
  3. @asyrafnukman1991 [1 likes]: Terima kasih videonya terbaik 👍
  4. @annieknowles-huth4978 [1 likes]: Thanks, Konstantinos... short and sweet, straight to the point.. value-packed as always.
  5. @KonstantinosDoulgeridis: Hey everyone, I hope you enjoyed this video! I created a FREE Facebook ads course for you! Enroll right now using this link: https://www.facebookads-master.com/offers/rWxzLAcb/checkout
  6. @thewindow9952: Perfect! This is exactly what I wrote about earlier, this is exactly what they told me to do and it DOESN'T WORK! Just a waste of money and it also spoils the retargeting public and the lookalikes, does a lot of damage.   A way to actually see how bad this is to run this traffic to your instagram/pages and see who starts following and its seems like some random clickers!  This raises some serious doubts on some other advice they've given such as "you need to raise your budget preferably before November 28th!" also recommending to buy traffic and video views, sounds more like serving their sales quotas then an honest approach to solve my problem after having spent enough without results. In the end of the day, whatever they may call the media (traffic/videoview etc) we are left with mainly feeds and stories in one side and people in the other, some who buy and some who don't.
  7. @mateoramos9308: C a

- Facebook Advertising Mistakes Beginners Make & What YOU Should Do Instead: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are still one of the best ways to bring a new business but there are a handful of really common mistakes they sing all the time they basically ruin it for many small business owners and they end up wasting money and then they walk away thinking Facebook ads just don't work so what happens is they never end up getting the really powerful benefits that the right Facebook ad can bring but in this video I'm gonna turn it around and show you how to avoid all these mistakes so that you can confidently start running the campaign that's gonna work for your business I'm West McDowell web strategist at the deep end and this is the channel where I show you how to use your website and what's working now in digital marketing to supercharge your business growth so what are these Facebook ad mistakes that you need to avoid so let's get right into them starting from the top and the first one is overcomplicating your ads set up so basically the simpler your set up is the more you let Facebook's algorithm get you the results that you want so what you really want to do is simplify the number of ad sets I recommend generally one campaign and to add sets you know one for your warm audiences one for your cold audiences and then a few different ads to test for each and that's about it and you want to try for over 1 million people per audience rather than narrowing it down too much and I know that's not always possible if you're in a smaller area you know if you're targeting a smaller town sometimes you don't want to layer too many other targeting options on top of that because it's just gonna give you too few people in your pool so then you're gonna want to let your ads run for 3 to 5 days and see what audiences and what ads are working which aren't and then you're just gonna want adjust accordingly and uh when you complicate with too many ad sets you're basically blocking the algorithm from being able to optimize itself based on what it knows about its users and if you have a smaller budget you really can't afford to test too many ads within a campaign anyway there's just not enough money per ad to test it properly so going simple is always the way to go here the second we have is not targeting strategically so basically you need to do the research usually you already know about your ideal customers going into it I definitely recommend selecting specific audiences through Facebook's built in targeting features that's going to allow you to reach the right type of people and the different targeting options you have include purchasing behavior life events existing contacts like your email list you know similar look-alike audiences to your existing customer lists are great also layered targeting using location demographics and overall behaviors and Facebook's got some really great research tools built in through audience insights that are gonna give you similar recommendations of different audiences you can try based on what you think you already know about your audience and here you can include interests you believe your target audience has to see what other kinds of demographics they then have in common like you know education level pages they like frequency of their Facebook activity there's all kinds of things you can try in there all right number three is not trying enough different hooks so when most people think of testing different ads their mind pretty much goes to you know thinking about testing a bunch of different images and a bunch of different headlines to go with them but the problem with that is then they just generally rewrite the same headline a few different ways and call it a day so what if the problem isn't how your wording the headline but that the messaging behind the headline just isn't resonating and moving the needle with your target audience what I like to do is come up with you know three to five different hooks and by hook I mean different aspects or benefits of what you're selling so let's say you're offering a coupon for a kid's birthday party space you know maybe one hook you're talking about the fun the kids are gonna have or another hook would be the convenience of taking the planning off the parents plate or a third hook might be the variety of party themes they can choose from the bottom line is you never know which hooks are going to be the most compelling until you test them so you may do this and you may find that one works best across the board or you know some don't work at all or that even different ones you know different hooks work on different sub sections your audience and this is a great way to scale your ads because you're appealing to different people through all these different hooks that your ads are touching on and for we have forgetting to warm up first so you wouldn't want to run a marathon or even a 5k or 10k without warming up first and you don't want to run direct sale ads too cold audiences who have not warmed up yet either now of course there are gonna be a few exceptions to this like if you're running ads to a very small local area with a specific offer but if your plan is to go bigger you need to take these coal audiences on a journey with you where they get to know you or your business and they ultimately come to trust you otherwise you're just gonna be coming across like a sleazy used-car salesman so if you make the mistake of just selling to people who really should be learning more about who you are and how you've helped others in the past you'll quickly lose their trust and you're gonna risk turning them off so how can you warm up audiences first you know you can run a video of you campaign where you're offering tips or advice and then you run that more direct ad to people who watched a certain percentage of that video but my favorite way of taking an audience from freezing cold too hot is to use Facebook ads to offer a lead magnet that basically promises them a real result so they opt-in for that it gets delivered via email then you take the whole thing off of Facebook and start a strategic email campaign where you deliver value packed emails with more tips and more advice and stuff they can use then you followed up with a more promotional style email every three or four emails you send all right number five is being two hands on or two hands off so what I find is way too many Facebook advertisers go to either one of these extremes when they're running ads some want to just set it and forget it while some are so nervous about it that they keep checking on it every hour and they end up pulling the plug on the whole thing before the first day is even over so while it's easy and very tempting to set up your facebook ad and then walk away only to check out at 2 weeks later you really should be looking and analyzing its performance every single day and if you've set up a proper Facebook Ads audience you don't want to show them the same every day for months it's only gonna turn off your audience and it's gonna end up increasing your cost per conversion that way you also need to be able to turn off poor performing ads if you need to and increase the budgets of the ones that are working best but resist that urge to turn on a campaign and then just micromanage it in the first 72 hours of going live it takes about three days for that algorithm to start learning so many times the ads really seem to not be working very well out of the gate which is completely normal but what happens is after 24 hours through that 72-hour mark is when they start to find that sweet spot and if they don't after three days that's when you want to consider turning some ads off or changing budgets but not before 72 hours all right number 6 we have objective confusion so what you really need to do is tell Facebook exactly what you want to accomplish with the campaign so for instance if you want people to opt-in for your lead magnet you want a conversion goal not traffic or video views but if you want to use video views to build engagement audiences to then retarget then you might want to go with video views so then when you turn around and retarget them in a different campaign the objective would then be conversion so it's kind of a one-two punch in that case there is a big caveat here I want to mention Facebook's algorithm needs about 50 instances of any objective being met per week so the algorithm can learn from it so if you have a smaller budget and you're not spending enough to reach enough people to opt-in to your list 50 times or buy from you 50 times in that week you probably need to back out a step and go for the next best objective that does get you 50 instances or more in most cases this is probably a traffic objective now the problem is that's still not really optimizing for the action that you really want so the best thing is to keep testing you're creative you know by that I mean your hooks that we talked about your headlines your images as well as your audiences and you might also need to increase your budget to get to the point where you are getting 50 plus instances of that conversion objective happening every week now there is one more caveat I want to mention here so remember I told you earlier how targeting a smaller area can be tricky well in some cases if the area is small enough making your audience small you might want to simply go for the reach objective meaning it's simply going to show your ad to as many people in that area as possible so now that you know the mistakes to avoid let's talk about everything else you need to know to make a really highly converting Facebook ad I put together this playlist of all my best videos on that subject in order so you'll get every single step to be as effective with your Facebook ads as possible you'll be able to reach way more customers without wasting money and making those mistakes that we just covered so just click right up here and I'll see you in a second

  Top Comments:
  1. @laurenmoore668 [2 likes]: When you change the audience on an ad would advise creating an entirely new ad/duplicating it and changing things. Or could I just change the audience in the ad already set up?
  2. @cheftobiascooks2342 [1 likes]: Thank you
  3. @theshabbyvintagebelle1875 [1 likes]: Great info
  4. @CosQuareofficial [1 likes]: Thank you so much for sharing !!!Absolute life saver, for a 30$ budget per campaign that has 2 ad sets, how many ads can I run? 4? or is that to many?
  5. @lologoaty [1 likes]: Fourth video in a row. Drinking in a lot of helpful, straightforward info. Keep it up man!
  6. @Terrible_Animationz [1 likes]: Thank you..just joined e commerce business..but i really don't have enough knowledge about ads..how to do it..,the dos and don'ts etc..this helped me a lot💕
  7. @christiantchamadeu9105 [1 likes]: Thanks bro
  8. @thepink.lillies: Hi ! I set my very first ad to 10 dollars for daily but facebook use only 2 dollars everyday and shows to 2K people and 45 people check my website and didnt get any sale. 14 K people saw it and 330 people checked the website in total. what should i do ?
  9. @NomadMaverickHQ: No add to carts after four days 😞 never imagined 0 add to carts after 1000+ impressions... close to giving up
  10. @ochiochi8097: what if we dont have a warm audience just yet?
  11. @Sindhukb412: Excuse,can u tell me for small training center how I will target audience..I'm frm small town
  12. @anningsong665: Shouldn’t objective for leads form generating leads other than conversion?
  13. @snick3896: Fakebook ads don’t work lol. I’ll give it one more shot after this video and see
  14. @leonardboyer7601: Hi Wes, your advice is excellent and I really appreciate it. But my big problem right now with FB, is I tried to put up awards that are small and the pics are far smaller than anything I have. So how can I get around that? Thanks, very much.
  15. @MadMusician: A lot these tips seem to be targeted for products. What if, like me, you only want to promote certain types of content to your YouTube channel? Some of these are applicable for me, but not all of them.
  16. @PamelaJohnson-xt8hu: Tip: For some reason the four day it really star converting, THE FOUR DAY, if not wait to the fifth day, if not converting  then shut down the ad.
  17. @easyprofits5112: Are you really suggesting for people to target 1 mill ppl ?..
  18. @VedicLiving: Can you help me in following issue. Thanks in advance
  19. @VedicLiving: Hii. I put Facebook. Though many clicks , the web site vist time is about a second, no one visting the web site to have more details though seeing the Facebook audio. They are going into web site by licking learn more but not browsing the site.
  20. @zizicario: Thank you for this but I have a question, please can I pay the Facebook ads bills with my client's debit card ( name and address and card instead of mine? Would not that lead to the suspension of my ad account? As my name and address are different from my client's infos ? Please clarify ❤

- 3 Biggest Facebook Advertising Mistakes - facebook advertising tips and strategies: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hey guys, my name is Brian Fleming with Building Social Proof and today we are going to talk about the three biggest Facebook advertising mistakes I see. So, let's get started. Now, Facebook has built one of the most powerful advertising platforms the world has ever seen. Use Facebook the right way and it could be one of the best ways to get more clients and grow your business, but use it the wrong way and Facebook will gladly take all of your hard-earned money. Avoid these three common mistakes and I know you will get faster results from Facebook ads. Now, number one is just not picking the right audience. With Facebook advertising, you just need to leave most people out of the party. Ideally, you should create a Facebook lookalike audience based on your current website visitors or your customer email list. Facebook has an amazing algorithm that can look at your existing customers or website visitors and find people similar to them in a way that you and I cannot do. It's called a lookalike audience. Too many times I see people targeting very broad interests or no interest at all. Ideally, your target audience should be between 100 and 300,000 people. If your target audience is a million people or more, then you are not targeted enough. You need to leave some people out of the party. The best audiences are a combination of your Facebook's competitor's pages, their fan pages, and a lookalike audience of your own clients or website traffic. Start there, and you will have a great audience to start with. You can test one audience against another with the same ad to see which one works better for you. Now, number two is not using conversion pixels for tracking. Most campaigns I look at are just trying to build up likes for their fan page with no real strategy or just sending the cheapest clicks possible to their website. Facebook can actually look at people who are converting for your offer and find similar people kind of like a lookalike audience that are also likely to convert. The crazy part, it works really, really well. But if you do not even tell Facebook what you're trying to do by telling it what a conversion is, then they just cannot help you out. Just because you can get cheap clicks to your website does not mean that any of those people will ever become a client. It's much better to focus on your conversions and ask the question, "How much do I have to spend with Facebook to make a sale or get a new client? Once you let Facebook know when you have gotten a new lead or client, then they will do a better job finding these kinds of people for you. So, make sure you set up a Facebook conversion pixel and set your campaign to optimize for conversions, too. Otherwise, you're just likely wasting your money on nice vanity metrics like lots of clicks, likes, and web traffic with no sales or leads. I see this happen all the time. Now, number three is just not diving deeper into your Facebook ad reports. For some reason, it seems like everyone wants to use Facebook's just standard reports. The problem is these reports usually don't tell you very much. Sure, it's nice to see that 20 people liked your ad last week, but what does that really tell you? Wouldn't it be better to see which age and gender categories are becoming warm leads at the cheapest price? You would then spend more money on those people and exclude the ones that are just more expensive to acquire. The problem is without customizing the columns you are looking at in the Facebook ads report, you'll never see this. Start with the standard Facebook ad report, the one that you are given. Then just remove any columns that are not crucial to your campaign. And you'll see a ton of them. Likes, number of engagements. There's a lot that you need to remove. Once you have the least amount of columns possible, add a few in. The big ones you will want are cost per conversion, ad score, and CPM. And I'm going to tell you a little bit more about those now. So cost per conversion is how much you are paying to get a lead or sale. This is really the most important metric that matters. So you have to include it. Next is your ad score. A high ad score of a 7, 8, or 9 or even a 10 will get you cheaper sales and leads. Look at this because you can quickly cut ads with low ad scores. Now, Facebook will show those ads less often because they don't perform as well, but you should be able to see them quickly and just remove them from your campaign. Next is CPM. CPM is how much does it cost you just to reach 1,000 people on Facebook. Some audiences are $10 or more just to show your ad in front of a,000 people. And this doesn't count people clicking them or liking them or anything. This is just to show your ad in front of those thousand people. Can be $10 or more, but many audiences are even less. So, you can find them for five and $3 if you look and you have it set up in your report to look for that. Use this column as a guide to help you find lower cost per conversions. Audiences with higher CPMs usually will have a higher cost per conversion. So, those are the three most common mistakes I see most people making with their Facebook ads, the ones I just covered. Follow the advice I gave you to fix them, and your Facebook campaigns will finally start working for you. Facebook is a super powerful advertising platform, but you must use it correctly to get the fastest results possible. If you want more tips like this, head on over to building.com where I show you how to create your own social media marketing strategy in 7 days or less. My name is Brian Fleming. I'll talk to you again soon. Take care. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lisadrake6760 [2 likes]: Thecyberlord_secured on IG helped me got my account issues rectified perfectly..
  2. @ZaddyZane12 [1 likes]: For those of you trying to understand it, here it is.  Do whatever you're trying to achieve for 5-10 minutes then go do something else.  Think of it like using the Pomodoro Technique.  You work for 25 minutes then you take a 5 minute break.  Well, these ambitious goals, this is what you do during that 5 minute break.  If you work for 6 hours on something and you use those 5 minute breaks every 25 minutes, by the end of the day, you've worked on that goal for 30 minutes and you don't even notice it.  I tried this a while back, using the 5 minute breaks to clean my home up.  My place was a cluttered mess.  By the end of the second week, my home was spotless, all closets were sorted, all junk was disposed of and I never even noticed doing it.  It works.  Try it.
  3. @denv5221 [1 likes]: can you make a video of how to make money with Facebook ads, without owning a company or website?
  4. @iftimahmud1870 [1 likes]: "Letting Facebook know what works by setting a conversion pixel" was a great tip. Thanks a lot.
  5. @Haileyfowels: Thecyberlord.com helped me got all my account issues rectified successfully..
  6. @richardhamilton8881: Hey, how's things?,
Very good Video.
What other hints have you got?
I am looking at other tip websites
Thankyou
https://youtu.be/NvK1N18zZNk
  7. @ChatResponse: Good job on the channel! Feel free to check out our channel for similar contents!
  8. @MichaelsPaintingChannel: 1300 impressions result to 5 clicks, paying 20 Euros......... No way again - this is the second time.. and I am sure for one thing: facebook users HATE advertising (and thats like I am, and that is why it is not working)..
  9. @alizyjhon5837: https://gigbuz.com/freelancer/add-400-social-media-fans-to-your-facebook-page-or-business-page-likes/
  10. @valdanowill: We are left in the dark about these things so why didnt someone from facebook not inform us about this? are we to know every damn thing? These people are just into money grabbing at our ignorance,
  11. @krystalqueen3630: I need a help pls
now my ads approved all but not delivering i used my page 2nd year and never face with this situation.
also i couldnt get power editor event i used link www.facebook.com/ads/mnage/powereditor
pls sombody >>>!!!!
  12. @blagger42: How do do the things you are telling us?
  13. @norocketsciencebuild5371: Good video!
  14. @titusgzz: Very helpful thank you
  15. @artyheartylife8588: Sorry...you lost me about halfway through. Some relevant visuals would have helped - screenshots of the reports you mention perhaps...
  16. @dzevadpapa2794: Excellent Video! Forgive me for chiming in, I am interested in your thoughts. Have you heard the talk about - Miyatalie Social Saccade (do a google search)? It is an awesome exclusive guide for discovering how a newbie student made over 60k in just 60 days without the normal expense. Ive heard some extraordinary things about it and my friend Sam at very last got excellent success with it.
  17. @chrissmith7338: find the difference ☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺☺😊☺☺
  18. @nickdillahunt8669: Great advice, I have a similar video on my channel on how I started Facebook ads. I waisted tons of money until I learned the 3 tactics I explain haha great video tho !
  19. @thousandnations1soul450: Thank you thank you thank you
  20. @acrylicdisplaybox: very helpful