- Facebook Video & Image Ad Size To Use If You Want to SCALE!: Kind: captions Language: en had a lot of people ask me what's the best Facebook image ad or video ad size to use and today's video is going to kind of go into that should use 9 by 16s 1X ones 4X 5S well today I'll be kind of giving you what I've been doing and whether or not you want to follow that's completely up to you so here's an example right here this is what I like to do it's called a 9 by6 and then all I do is put a one by one safe Zone what does that mean that means that this full creative will be filled up as a 9x6 but all the important stuff goes in this 1X one safe Zone box and just to show youall really quick an actual creative th so that way you understand here's a great example right here so here we have a full 9 by6 but you can notice the one by one spacing that's kind of implied here in this particular creative now the cool thing about this is that we can appear on reals we can appear on stories and we can appear on a news feed and guess what we're going to be okay we're not going to have to worry about weird cropping issues um I don't have to worry about making 1ex ones and 9x 16s like I can literally everything will be here and same thing with video as well videos applied exactly the same way I just video is just not needed for this particular example right here but yeah that's that's all we do it's relatively simple what I would say answer for this and it's probably going to be like literally one of my shortest YouTube videos ever [Laughter] but yeah so I hopefully this answers everyone's question around this and again this will be for you know perfect Facebook video and photo image size to use and um another like I guess you can say key factor here is that like you want to still kind of film that 9 x16 you just want to kind of kind of keep that in mind when you're filming that the important stuff needs to happen at one by one safe Zone also too another thing is uh maybe if you don't want to do this then the other key factor I'd be looking at is do you even need a focus on 9 x16s so if we're working with a brand that has like little to no spin on 9 x16s and I'm just not going to worry about it like can care lot if it has a bad placement issue right there whereas some Brands like 50% of our spin will go to like reals and stories and we need to focus on those 9x1 16s right there but yeah so key factor here you have a full 9x6 video ad or photo ad and then all you do is just have that one by one safe Zone pretty much right in the middle uh this one's a little higher but the one we used for this one right here was right in the middle and um you know we were solid like this looked phenomenal that's it that's the perfect Facebook video size or image size to use when uh you're running Facebook ads so that way it shows up perfect in all placements and you don't have to worry about uploading 1ex ones or 9x 166s it's just boom here you go hopefully that helps you out if you enjoyed this video one of my shortest YouTube videos ever hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and with that being said have a great rest all day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @inakihisoka9181 [3 likes]: I’m uploading my video with the correct size, but an error message appears saying that it doesn’t meet Instagram’s size requirements. I don’t understand! I’m sure I’m using the right dimensions.
  2. @Zura-w5x [2 likes]: Hi Nick, is it okay if manually created captions are outside the 'safe zone' on video ads?
  3. @OBMADE [2 likes]: Basically your "safe zone" is 1:1
  4. @SeleneCastrovillacreates [1 likes]: Thank you for a simple solution without mumbo jumbo! I'm subscribing!!
  5. @gombiloto [1 likes]: 🎉
  6. @guillermothomas4121 [1 likes]: thank you for a down to the point video!
  7. @mrcleojohnson [1 likes]: Straight to the point 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
  8. @UnEjemplo [1 likes]: Great video. Quick question. Should the 1:1 space be centered or offset?
  9. @poetrydishonkenkansal6504 [1 likes]: Which size is best for Facebook ad video...plz response me asap😢
  10. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: Helpful and fun tip.
  11. @YourGameGalaxy [1 likes]: Do you have a download link to this template/overlay?
  12. @peacefulman1104 [1 likes]: Recently my client provided me with like a 2:1 ratio video. As usual I took them to capcut and change video aspect ratio to 1:1, 9:16 and 1.91:1 and fill the background with blur. But recently I am seeing though the content is good but video response isn't. What ratio should I use? Should I just use solid color or keep the original video as it is.
  13. @ChetanDas-w9w [1 likes]: Thanku so much for helping me.
  14. @HevvyMo [1 likes]: Been struggling with this! Thanks!
  15. @AlexSmith-fs6ro [1 likes]: Great  presentation, thanks.

What is the best resolution for 9:16 videos?

Will it look ok for video posts, and when pinned (under Feature) on Fb?

Many thanks!
  16. @Rajankumar-vc3en [1 likes]: ❤❤
  17. @jamiehayestips [1 likes]: What is the maximum video size in file size or minutes for a Facebook lead ad? Could it be a 23 minute video?
  18. @CR_za: People 'Ax' you?
  19. @minuteswithira5110: This is short and concise.  Thank you . I just started @wabisabiphl but got no talent for digital socmed nor adsa dn all that,  prolly the reason of tiny to no likes. But this is insightful.  Will be watching more. Thank you.
  20. @JP-wm1qz: So flexible media on or off?
And do we change to 1:1 for facebook feed or just keep it on original?

- The BEST Facebook Ad Sizes for 2026 (Stop Using 1:1!): Kind: captions Language: en If you're still running ads in one by one format, you're honestly behind as Facebook recently updated the uh recommended formats for images and also for videos as well to always be 4x5 or 9x6. Now, previously it was always the case that Facebook already recommended for videos to be on 4x5 and 9x6, but you have to make sure to optimize these formats for images as well. and they recently updated it that images on Facebook feed can also use the 4x5 placement. And in this video, I want to make sure that you understand the right format for each placement, but also ad type as well. So, let's get into it. Now, what are the main benefits now for running the right ad format on different placements? As I mentioned, you have to have the 4x5 format for all feed placements and also 9x6 for story placements. And the reason you want to have 4x5 four feet blames and not one by one because you're able to capture more screen real estate. And in today's age, like you need to grab the attention better. And if you're able to even have this much more screen real estate, obviously your ads will stand out a lot more and you're covering more of the newsfeed while people are scrolling super fast. And if you can capture a bit more of that screen real estate, you will obviously see more improvements in your ads performance. Now here you can actually see the recommended uh meta placements where you can see it's 1x one 4x5 for Facebook feed but vertical is recommended for single images to be delivered to ad placements on Facebook feed which actually changed because previously it was one by one and you couldn't even run 4x5 and now they're actually allowing you on the Facebook feed to also run 4x5 which was previously only available for the Instagram placement. Now I'll put on the screen different dimensions for each placement where you have your Facebook feed which is 4x5 which is 1080x350 which also for the Instagram feed as well but usually you'll run all of your feeds all at once and you can run 4x5 for all of your placements. Now for story it's 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 which is the more vertical layout as well. Now, as for videos, that's obviously the same. 4x5 and also 9x6 to make sure that you're covering the right real estate space on your Facebook ads. Now, so right here, I actually have an example of an ad that is by is 4x5 where you can see it's much bigger. It's not a square. It's much like more like vertically laid out. And you can see the difference between this one and this one. Like it captures more screen real estate. And you can see the differences as well. And here you can see the 9x6 which is 1080 by 1920 where it's even like fully screen filling of course for the story format. And obviously you want to make sure to optimize for that as well. Now I'll show you the dimensions again on the screen so you can make sure that you respect those safe zones. Usually for videos as well we'll uh do like a 9x6 um video and not really specifically a 4x5 unless we have like these bars at the top for example if you want to call something out. And you want to make sure if you're making only 9x6 and you want to cover all placement that you are respecting the 4x5 safe zones in your 9x6 video if that makes sense. I'll put it on the screen so you can exactly see these safe zones. So you are actually making sure that you are not cutting out any text because obviously you don't want text to be cut out on your videos and you want to make sure that people can read everything of course like from your captions towards like people's faces uh being cut half off. Like that's obviously not what you want to have in your videos. Now, to summarize, for images and videos, uh, all of the aspects are now the same. The playing field has been leveled, and you can just run the same aspect ratios for all of your different formats, different placements for both images and videos to make sure that you're capturing most screen real estate on your Facebook ads. Now, for Tik Tok, obviously, you have different UIs, and I want also to cover the reals format and also the Tik Tok UIs as well. I'll put it on the display right here because there you're only running 9 by 16. And you want to make sure that you're not having any text being covered by the Tik Tok and also the meta reals UI as well because those are important as well. And sometimes when I'm scrolling on my phone and I see some ads, usually they are covered and you cannot read anything what they are saying. So extremely important as well to make sure that you are optimizing for all different placements so you're not missing out on any reals ads or your Tik Tok ads having a different uh UI that might be covering any of your important parts of your video or the text of your video. So that's uh something that I want to close off this video with. And with that being said, this is the end of the video and I hope you like this video and I hope it brought a lot of value because I see so many brands when I'm scrolling on my on my phone on and seeing ads like get it wrong and not respecting these right safe zones and obviously it can make or break your ad. Now obviously if you're respecting these safe zones and all of these different dimensions, you will see a bump in performance. I'm 100% sure of that and obviously these are the basic thing that you need to be covering. So that's it for today's video. I hope you liked it and I hope it was informative to you. Save this video for later because obviously you might need it. Below I'll add like a small cheat sheet where you can see the different dimensions and aspect ratios for your Facebook for all different placements and also your Tik Tok ads to make sure that you're respecting all of these safe zones. So be sure to get that below. And with that being said, I'm looking forward to see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @masm1236 [6 likes]: Can we upload both 4:5 & 9:16 versions for the same video creative?
  2. @bootsandgear [3 likes]: Huh they still say 1080x1080
  3. @SillyKamPicklesBoss [2 likes]: Thanks, I say the same thing. I now use a 4:5 aspect ratio for all FEED placements instead of 1:1, but I ensure the content on 4:5 fits within a safe zone of 1:1 (basically), so auto-cropping in Meta's system doesn't make the creative look cut off/stretched/having a lot of white space above and below the 1:1 (on Feed video-based ad placements such as "Feed in-stream reels/stories [fullscreen mobile view]").
  4. @Martin-zq4fq [2 likes]: so you can not run 1080x1080 anymore?
  5. @SjorsHoukes [1 likes]: Doesn't seem to be entirely true. I just ran an ad on Insta and Facebook, and the format I submitted was 4:5. Unfortunately, Meta still cropped my ad to 1:1, making some text be cut off.
  6. @ganesh-td6jr [1 likes]: no cheat sheet in mail
  7. @HungarianwithSofie [1 likes]: Thank you, very useful! Especially the safe zones and to see the actual size in picture format.
  8. @KevinYTB95 [1 likes]: How about carousel?
  9. @aminesahifi3176 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍
  10. @CharroLambatan: hi It lead me to subscriotion instead of the cheat sheet
  11. @ayoubayoub-b5y: What I can"t understand is, have I to create different ratios images for my ad to suit different formats? Or, there's a general ratio that agrees with all the formats? After searching, I found that 4.5 relates to every format, but Facebook is still cropping !!
  12. @amosngetich2307: Thanks, you really helped me 🙏❤️
  13. @IrshadP-x7n: 👍
  14. @StephencreatefunContent: Your Facebook Ad Safe Zone has an interesting layout for Reels. Why is it not centered? You have a top margin of 220 px and a bottom margin of 450 px. It just seems odd that Facebook ads wouldn't just center the safe zone instead of offsetting at an odd margin ratio. Thanks for the chart though.
  15. @angel_ambersukasuki9910: Thank you ❤
  16. @ganesh-td6jr: cheat sheet not geting delivered
  17. @spencersharp: 4 by 5? or 16 by 9? this ish is too difficult. ur saying 9:16 is only for stories yet ALL SHORTS AND REELS AND TIKTOKS ARE 9:16 SO WHAT ARE U EVEN SAYING? DO U EVEN KNOW WHAT U ARE TALKING ABOUT? WHO EVEN CARES ABOUT 4:5 IN 2025. this is wild u wasted time on this video basically teaching nothing. why even talk about 1:1 if that was used in 1954 on facebook. its 2025. whats with all u weirdos making videos where u gotta waste time talking about dimensions THAT ARENT OPTIMAL OR EVEN USED ANYMORE. WHY EVEN INCLUDE IT IN THE DAMN VIDEO.
  18. @carloscodling5084: Thank you!

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- This Facebook Ad Format Gets Insane Results (and nobody uses it!): Kind: captions Language: en My agency spends almost $10 million a month on Facebook ads. And right now, the most underused and underappreciated Facebook ad format by far is flexible Facebook ads. Flexible Facebook ads are awesome. And using them very often leads to a significant improvement in results. In this video, I'm going to show you how to use flexible Facebook ads so that you can get more leads and sales. So, before I show you how flexible Facebook ads work, flexible ad format as it's referred to um in Ads Manager, I'm going to quickly explain what they are. So, it's an ad format where you can upload 10 creatives and allow Meta to have quite a lot of flexibility, hence the name, um, with what they do with it. So, with these 10 creatives, they might show them as an image. They might animate them and add things to show them as a video, turn them into a slideshow, um, or just animate the one image and turn that into a video. They might display them all as as a carousel. Um, there's no ability or need to customize by placement. So meta itself is going to mess around with different aspect ratios and which images to use where in terms of what's going to look good vertically on stories and reels, what's going to look good square or close to square on on feeds, etc., etc. Right? So it is a very flexible Facebook ad format where you're giving a bunch of creative to Meta and saying go ahead and and run with it. Quite different to dynamic creative. I'm going to get um into that as as we go through that. But at its base, that's what flexible ad format is. And you can probably if you're familiar with Facebook ads and how they work, probably start to think already of the potential benefits of Meta having the extra creative assets to be able to do lots of testing and playing around with to try and get you um the best results possible. So, with that said, let's go ahead and demonstrate how we set this up and go through the process. And as we do, I'll I'll talk about the important things you need to do and watch out for. So, I'm in an example Facebook ad account here. I'm in Ads Manager. There's nothing in here because it's an example account. And I'm going to go ahead and click on this plus create button. Now, the first thing to mention about flexible Facebook ads is that they only work with two campaign objectives right now, which is sales and app promotion. If you're going to give a lot of creative or or even a lot of control over any aspect of Facebook advertising to Meta, you want to make sure that Meta knows what it is that you're optimizing for. They can see what a conversion looks like and they can work to get you those conversions, which is why they've only made it available for those two campaign objectives so far. you wouldn't want to use this with something like traffic even if it was available. So, I think that's a good move um by Meta, but a lot of you watching this will be using sales campaigns. That's probably the most common campaign type or it is the most common campaign type that we use as an agency. So, let's go ahead and select sales. Click okay on that. So, as part of this video, I'm not going to worry about the campaign settings or the adset settings. I'm going to focus very much on uh flex flexible ad format. If there are other things that you want to know about what to do at the campaign level, adset level, I've got lots of videos on my channel that you can check out for more info on that. I'm going to in this video jump straight to the ad level, which is where you use flexible ad format. So, if we scroll down, select the ad level, scroll down, and we get to this ad setup section. Create ad is what we want to do. Not going to be using a catalog in this instance. Um, and then you can see under here we've got format. The default is single image or video which I'm sure you're familiar with but we can select this option here which is called flexible. You see we'll show your ad in the format we predict may perform best. So it's giving um meta some extra flexibility like we've already discussed. Right. Then we scroll down here to the ad creative section and we can go ahead and click on add media. So I'm going to go ahead and click on add media, add images and then I'm going to go ahead and upload uh the images that I want to [Applause] use. So, you can see we've now got these 10 um images added in here and we can see the ad previews have turned on and then we can take a look at what our ads are going to look like, what this creative is actually going to look like when it's put in front of people with all the different variations. So, this here is going to be Facebook feed. Uh you can see, you know, above each image of different images. By the way, for demonstration purposes, I've just grabbed a bunch of images um that I've had taken of of me to uh to show this. Um, and I'll talk about creative strategy and like what images, what creatives you would want to use in a minute because that's that's a really important part of this. So, we've got a whole bunch of options. You can see we've added in some like a bit different ones, bit fun ones. But, if I come down to the bottom here and I click on see more variations. So, you can see here, obviously, we've got those Facebook feed options, but if we keep scrolling down, we can start to see what Meta would look to do to our to this creative depending on that's going to be what's going to look like an Instagram feed. Obviously, that's pretty similar, but if we keep going, we're going to start looking at what Meta will do if we're going to advertise on Instagram reels, right? Okay, so they're going to take this image and they're going to put headlines on it. They're going to put descriptions on there. They're going to uh make, you know, put an image with an image here. Do all sorts of different options. And you can go along the list, right? You can select specific creative and be like, well, what would you do for, you know, this image in the different locations? What's that? What's that going to look like? And then it will show you. You can see here by placement, Facebook feed, Instagram feed, stories. You can see a little bit of fun we had on a photo shoot at one time. Um, taking photos in uh in my son's little toy car. All sorts of things that you can check out within this preview section to make sure that you like the way your ads are looking and the different creative. Now, at this stage, you might be thinking, this feels quite similar, this flexible ad format, to dynamic creative, but there are some significant differences. So, in flexible ad format, it's an ad format as opposed to something you do with the adset level. If you want to use dynamic creative, you need to turn that on at the adset level and then it only allows you to effectively have one dynamic ad within that adset. Whereas with flexible ad format, you can run a flexible Facebook ad alongside a regular image ad or a carousel ad or a video ad or something something different, right? So instead of it changing the whole way the ad set um is done, it just affects that specific ad. Now, one of the interesting things that come out of that is that allows us to test and we've done lots of testing between say regular ads, more traditional image ads, uh, video ads even versus flexible Facebook ads. And when you do that, Meta nearly always puts more money into the flexible Facebook ads and they typically get better results. That's why Meta's diverting more budget there. That's one of the reasons why I think a lot more advertisers should be using and experimenting with flexible Facebook ads, particularly if you're an imageheavy Facebook advertiser and you don't have highquality video to lean on. Um, this can be a really good way of improving your results, making your creative look more interesting um and and a lot of other good things beside. Come wait a sec. Take a look at this. So, this is in my mentorship program, right? And the results and wins channel and Tara said this. In 2 weeks of joining, my rows went from 0.7 to 8.03 and I've only implemented maybe 30% of the feedback that's given me so far, which is that's just incredible. That's awesome. So, Zoe up here, she joined the mentorship program with 35,000 raffle tickets. Was thinking she wasn't going to sell them and she ended up selling out completely with 2 days to spare. And we've got loads of others in here. We've got tons of people just sharing information around how they've done well, great results they've got. If you're interested, you can click on the button beneath this video. That'll go through to a page on our website. You can book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more information. Hopefully, we get to work together. Hopefully, you join and you'll be sharing fantastic results like Tara and Zoe have done just here. Okay, so let's talk about some best practices when it comes to flexible ad format. Things you should do and probably more importantly, things you shouldn't do to get the best results with this. So, like I've already described, Meta can take your creatives and use them as images or videos or use multiple creatives alongside each other and put them in a carousel. Now, what that means is that your your creatives need to work either standalone because it might be the one that's put in front of your prospect or they need to work together alongside each other if Meta is going to use them as a carousel. And in my experience, meta does turn them into carousels quite often. Carousels can uh produce great results for certain advertisers and they're often underused. What that means is this is not a place to split test different creatives. Like you don't want to have different creatives that are very similar, but you're just split testing a different background color or or something along those lines because if you do that and meta does put them alongside each other, well, that just doesn't really make sense. Likewise, you don't want creatives that are just one part of a of a whole. Um, if you make creatives specifically for a carousel, sometimes people will use carousels and some of the creatives will complement the others in terms of it'll only provide part of the information, another creative will provide another part, another creat and and by itself, it's just not powerful enough to to get the click and potentially get get the lead or sale. So, the way to think about this might be you might have different images of the same product or of a product range that could be standalone or it could be featured in a carousel. It's going to work either way. Or you could have different creatives that highlight different aspects of your service, but make sure that they're important enough to to potentially get the click and get the conversion all by itself, right? You could say, "Oh, we benefit our customers cuz we save them loads of time. We get them much better results. Here's a testimonial." You know, those sorts of things. They could be displayed together or they could be displayed um in isolation and they would make sense. The next thing is around your primary text headline um ad copy. Again, that needs to be something that would work either with any one of these creatives standalone or with the lot displayed together in a carousel format. So, just make sure that that's not too specific and customized to that particular creative. Most advertisers don't run into this as an issue, but it's just something that needs needs saying like just have a quick sense check. Okay, does that work with that? Yeah. Would those two work together yet? Would those two work together? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And just go down the list and and tick the boxes and then get to the point where you're happy and and ready to go. Okay. So, the next thing I want to talk about, if I scroll down, is this advantage plus creative optimizations um section here, right? So, with flexible ad format, you can either have it on or you can have it off. What you can't do is customize each one. And if you're familiar with this feature, it's where Met is going to take your creative and they're going to do all sorts of things to it to try and make it a better piece of ad creative that can perform better. So, we just click in and see possible um options here and then click into single image. I've used images in this example. You can see that what Meta might do as part of advantage plus creative optimizations is add music, turn it into a video, add catalog items, site links, u add text overlays, you know, we saw examples of that previously. visual touch-ups. Change the aspect ratio, up the brightness, up the contrast, try and make the the colors pop. Expand the image so that if it's just square, it fits the vertical formats like stories and and reels, comments, text improvements, etc. And there's also options if you're using video uh and carousel as well that Advantage Plus creative optimizations are going to use. Now, my typical advice with that feature with other types of ads, not flexible ads, is use them, but go through and check each one and make sure that the music they've added is appropriate for your brand and that they haven't put text overlay that now covers something really important and and basically take a look at what they're doing and and with other types of ads, you can turn on off and on specific ones. So, you might say, "No, I don't want any music, but yes, I'm happy with text overlays. No, I don't want you to expand the image." you know, you can be be choosy, which is normally what I'd recommend. You can't do that with flexible Facebook ads, and that is unfortunate. I wish that you could um but it's not an option. So, you effectively need to leave it on and just trust Meta is going to do the right thing or turn it off. My advice would be to leave it on. I think overall, yes, there might be some ads that are put in front of people for a while that don't look ideal, but overall, it's going to be more beneficial than it is harmful. If method does apply these creative enhancements in a way that doesn't quite work, like let's say they put some text overlay on an image that covers something important, well, that image just won't perform as well then. So, Meta will see that data, see those results. That's feedback that will then inform Meta going forward and they'll stop doing that, right? So, I think that there are advertisers that are quite afraid of this. I wouldn't be. But if you just can't get your head around that and it's really important to how your brand is presented in every single scenario, then you can go ahead and uh and turn that off. I'll get back to flexible Facebook ad format in a second. Before I do, I want to let you know about Mod Dash. Modash is the leading end-to-end influencer management platform for Shopify brands. If you've watched my content for a while, you'll know that I love using influencers in Facebook and Instagram ads. It's a great way to massively improve your results. Mod Dash makes it really easy to find and contact great influencers to help promote your products. And if you're on Shopify, you can ship products, create discounts, and run your affiliate program in Mod Dash, too. So, I can come down here and I can start adding in filters to specify what it is I'm looking for. For example, I might decide that I want to just find influencers that are UK based. I can add in all sorts of other criteria. Uh, I can see follower numbers. I can specify I only want to work with people that have at least 20,000 followers. You can choose different numbers. For example, there's things around follower growth, engagement rate, really good stuff. And then we get into sort of categories, topics. You can start specifying according to the type of niche that you're in. So, let's say, for example, I sold products related to dogs. I could go in and select dog as a topic. And you'll see that Modash will produce a list here of 40 profiles. And then I can go about having a look at these and deciding which ones I might want to work with, which ones I might want to to reach out to. So, for example, if I click here on Rebecca Drake as an example, I can see all sorts of really interesting information to decide whether or not I want to work with this person. So, I can see their their growth, their follower numbers. I can see uh what percentage of their followers are fake. So, 23% here, which is below average, which is um bit of an eye opener there. I can see engagement rates, you know, average engagement rates, estimated impressions on their reels, how many uh plays did they get on their average reel, um what's their estimated reach on their stories, what's the breakdown of their audience, male, female, etc. Uh locations, ages, all really useful stuff to decide whether or not you want to work with them. There are also a number of ways to reach out to any influencers that you want to get in touch with. Um, one of the best ways is to click unlock on this email section and then be able to send them an email in a way that's far more likely to cut through the noise of sending them DMs or or something like that directly through the platform where they probably receive a lot of inbound communication. Right now, Mod Dash has a 14-day free trial, no payment details needed. Just log on and get started within minutes. Check the link in the video description below. And a couple of extra things you need to know about flexible ad format is that firstly it takes longer for creative fatigue and fatigue to set in. Unsurprisingly, right? Because you've got lots of different creatives. Um there's more going on. There's more variation. People are going to take longer to become bored of them. So that's great. They do require more effort to create the first place, particularly if you're producing more um involved creatives, you know, more difficult to produce than like the examples that I gave there, which are just simple images, right? So more upfront effort but likely to to uh perform for longer which is great in my experience. You are more likely to find winning options because meta is going to test a lot. The more you provide meta with the more opportunity it has to experiment the more likely it is you're going to find a creative that performs really well or even a combination of creatives cuz as part of flexible ads uh Meta can turn them into carousels that can that can work together. Okay, so that's another really big positive, another good reason to at least give this a go. One thing we have found because of that, because you are throwing more at Meta and relying more on their optimization process, is that flexible ad format ads, they do take a bit longer to get going and perform well, but they do continue to improve in performance over time. So, we've done this a number of times where the result we get within the first week or two is significantly worse than what we see, you know, a month, 6 weeks, 8 weeks out from from setting them live. And that makes a lot of sense, right? Because there's just more options to test that takes meta some time to do to get the data to see the feedback to then be able to optimize and uh and improve things. Um, so that's just something to be aware of that if you give this a go and you're testing it against other ad formats and you see it doesn't perform as well in the first few days, don't necessarily turn it off straight away. You might want to give it a bit more time and you might see better results by doing so. So, flexible ad format is more straightforward than most people think, as you now know, having uh seen this and uh been through this. If you do decide to give this a go, let me know how it goes in the comments. Always very interested to uh hear that feedback and how this performs for people. And before you go, I strongly recommend you check out this video next because Meta are in the process of releasing a brand new type of Facebook ad called omni channel ads. Very exciting stuff. If you haven't heard about it, could be a game changer for your business. So definitely go ahead and give this a

  Top Comments:
  1. @seleneashford2 [4 likes]: Thanks for taking the time to share your knowledge in such a clear and practical way always! 
I have 10 video variations, each available in two aspect ratios: 4:5 and 9:16, totaling 20 videos. Would you recommend grouping the first 5 variations (each with both aspect ratios) into a single flexible ad, or grouping the videos by aspect ratio into separate ads (all 9:16 in one ad, and all 4:5 in another ad)?
  2. @jackp6054 [2 likes]: Hi Ben, thanks another great video! Is it still the case you can't see on the ad breakdown which is the ad creative that is driving the sales, that seems strange? Secondly, would you recommend uploading different aspects ratios for the same ad creative or just allow Meta to make these changes?
  3. @dano.cienfuegos [1 likes]: How do you breakdown the winning ads?
  4. @ranahanut [1 likes]: I think having control may still be better option because even if all assets make sense on their own, together they may not look well, a human intervention needs to be there. meta is just a machine but your end result will be seen by people. what would still be a benefit of this format??
  5. @mistahac [1 likes]: Do Flexible Ads still not allow you to breakdown by ad spend to see which ad copy or creative performed the best? For me that was the deal breaker and why DCT's are better.
  6. @DonJuravin [1 likes]: Thanks!
  7. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  8. @SLLLLUNI20: Flexible format is gone. What’s the best alternative setup for advertisers who relied almost entirely on flexible format?
  9. @ashleygonzalez3037: what's the best size to upload statics?
  10. @kawtharibraheem4617: it disaapeared from my account what can i do & what is best practice for meta ads after andromed
  11. @Sjahahwn: Is This available now for lead generation or just for sales today also?
  12. @cursavirtualcursos: Hi Ben, greetings from Argentina. Have you used the groups feature within flexible ads? They're three groups of 10 creatives each. Do you have any experience with this to share? There isn't much official information from Facebook on this subject. Thank you very much for all your content.
  13. @RaevinLarue: Does anyone else not have the option to choose the manual format?? I can only choose a single image or video :(
  14. @Entrepreneurship10: But I clicked sales campaign but it did not show flexible. IT shows edit creative
  15. @jwh0122: Flexible (ad format)

1:51 Campaign objective: App promotion; Sales
5:09 Flexible (ad level) vs Dynamic creative (ad set level)
9:39 Advantage+ creative optimizations
  16. @johnmckinley5363: I hate the fact you can't add up to 5 CTAs like in Dynamic Creative :/
  17. @smashpickleball10: good
  18. @MFG2738: Hi Ben! Great video. I’ve just had my account manager from Facebook reach out to me and they was highlighting the power of flexible ads and the significant reduction in costs some advertisers had seen.

I work specifically in lead generation not Ecommerce where I send my leads to a landing page so I think I will have to set my campaign up with the sales objective

Do you see any issue with this ?

May join the mentorship I have been following your content for some time. This is the first time I’ve commented though. Great content
  19. @Hydrohelium: Hey Ben, long time fan. This is off topic a bit but any chance you could tell your mates at Meta that it would be incredible if they added the feature to add the email address of where you would like your instant form leads sent… That would make it so much easier and then no need to rely on Zapier etc
  20. @johnnythompsonshandle: Great video! How many UK counties have you been to?

- Facebook Ads for Painting (don't make these 3 mistakes): Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, today I'm going to show you the top mistakes painters make before they ever should start Facebook ads and what you should do instead. Let's dive in. So, pretty much what we're going to do here is review some Facebook two different ads for painters and I'm going to show you guys what they did wrong and go over the top mistakes that they should have corrected before even clicking the the run button on their Facebook ad. Let's just dive into the first one here. So, this one, as you saw in the thumbnail, is just an ad where it has a paintbrush on the thing with the roller, and they're trying to run leads in their local area and get more jobs that way. Pretty much what they're trying to do is get leads. And the call to action here is like page. So, this is most likely a boosted post, some type of ad like that where you just click on boost post and Facebook runs it on their platform as the Facebook platform is right there. And then our skilled painters renew your cabinets giving your kitchen or bathroom a fresh look. So this ad has 62 people liking this it says and then it says their their name right there. So pretty much this ad first mistake they made is the picture. Okay, a picture is most important. The picture in this ad is just a paint roller. It's very clear in the advertising. But the unfortunate part of Facebook is that people don't like stock images. So, this ad typically will not perform well and that means their cost per message is going to be super super high or cost per conversion is going to be through the roof probably. I would say the conversion rate on this might only be 20 to $25 a message. Maybe maybe even higher. I'm thinking it' probably be like $50 a message or $60 or $70 a message. And those leads probably aren't going to be that great with the those types of leads just because the the call to action isn't clear. Whenever the call to action isn't clear, you tend to have less leads. And less leads means there's less highquality leads and those are really the leads we're going for. So those leads that you get for $70 a message may just be that may be lowquality leads. And that's all because of your picture is just stock. It's a stock photo and your call to action is super super weak. The two things that you want to focus on when running painting Facebook ads is the creative, which is the picture. That's what people see first. And then the call to action. What are you what's your offer? What are you trying to have them do to get what they want? Do you want to display what the end result is in the photo? And then you want it to be personable and all that stuff with people in the picture. You want actual people in your photos because Facebook is very it's a socialable platform and you want people in your photo. Okay, that's just a start. Next thing, the call to action. Let's go over that. So, the second mistake they made is the call to action. Whenever you have someone like your page, you're basically paying for the likes. you're not, someone might text you and reach out to you by clicking on your page, but most likely people will not find your phone number here. So, if your call to action has multiple steps in it, you want your call to action to have the shortest amount of steps possible. What I would do instead is have this call to action be send a message. So, you get the message, the person in your messages, and you can just message them all day long. Then, on top of that, in the messages, you would get their phone number. So, you can call the person and see what they want done. The that's kind of the main theme here is to get the person on the phone call. So, I I usually go to the messages and then I get their phone number in the messages. Get them on a phone call. Once they're on the phone call, you can close the person a lot better. That's pretty much the call to action part there. And then also in the text, you actually want to put your phone number like right here at the end here. And you'll say text/call and then put your phone number so people can actually call your business. Okay? That's another thing you want to do there. And then next next thing we'll get to the text. We covered the picture. That was the first thing. We covered the call to action. And that was the second step. So the third thing that most that people tend to make a mistake on is the text. So the text is going to give the expectations of the sale. You want to set your expectations up before you get on the phone with them in the messages that we just talked about. So your expectations are what services do you offer? What's your minimum pricing? You want to state that very be very specific in your minimum pricing because that's what they're going to expect once they get on the call with you. and they're already going to know that and you won't have to tell them when you get on the call because that was in your ad. Hopefully. Hopefully. Those are things you want to display in your text. So, we covered picture, we covered call to action, my send a message, get them on the phone call steps. Then we covered the text part where we get them setting the expectations to where they need to be. Okay? In the text. And then usually the text I say, "Hey, blah blah blah nearby areas. Hey, St. Louis and nearby areas. Put your city there." And then the second part I state these are this is what I do. this is my at a minimum offer of $250 or whatever your minimum minimum price is and then say text/call blah blah blah your phone number it's just a three-step process in setting up the text part so the picture take a picture of yourself painting with a paintbrush as long as there's people on the photo those ads do good call to action send a message get on the phone call text I just said that last 10 seconds what to do for the text so if you guys just set up these three simple things and make three simple corrections your ads will be a ton better and you'll get a whole lot better cost per message and a lot more conversions, okay? Making you guys more money. So, that's what we want here. That's that's the first ad I want to show you guys. The second ad here, we're just going to go real brief through it since we kind of went through that first one there. This one, do you see this one here? You see where they have professional painters starting at blah blah blah. So, they put their minimum price there. And then their call to action is get a quote. So, this is actually a clever get get a quote action. I would put the get a quote in the headline and put send a message instead of get a quote. It's just what I would do. So do that when you do it. But overall their ad looks a ton better. Before after photos look great. There's people in the picture down here. You can do a collage similar to this. It will work. So maybe try a collage out. And then they put their minimum pricing at down there. So that's that's really good to see. And then he's a localowned business. He says, "Hi, I'm George." He didn't call out his area. He just did the high wave emoji. But it doesn't matter. It would be better if he called them out and said, "Hey, St. Louis and nearby areas like your city." But it's fine for this ad. It will still get conversions. just not the best conversions. So that's that's this is just a little bit better of an ad. There's some things you can fix in this ad. He could put his phone number and the text part here. People like to screenshot that. So that's something he could do. And then right here, he would he should say get a quote, get a free quote, and then put the the emoji where it points to the hand. So he'll point to the send a message button here. So instead of get a quote, they'll send a message. Those are just some things that I've seen in these these two ads here that some mistakes that people usually make with the the ad creative, the image, call to action, the offer, and the text. So hopefully you guys can learn from these three three kind of strategies with those three separate things. Get your ads getting better. Okay guys, I'm going to end the video on that. If you guys want me to run your Facebook ads for you, just go down the description below. I'll run them for you and get you leads within 24 hours. And then also I have my starter course down in the description below. So if you guys are interested in learning these ads without me, my help and then you just want to do it all all yourself, you can also go that route. I have a full starter course showing you guys exactly what to do with your ads. So go down below for that and I will catch you guys on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @hunterhickerson: Should we do more videos like this?

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data & Scale Winning Ads in 2025 (Step-by-Step Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en What's good, YouTube? Welcome back to another video. This is Marketing with Dev. Make sure you guys give me a like, comment, subscribe, and hit those bell notifications so you can be notified when I drop new videos just like this one. And in today's video, I'm going to be showing you guys how you can analyze your Facebook ad data and scale your winning ads. And a lot of people, a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs have difficulty when it comes to this subject. So, I'm going to make sure that I cover this for you guys. But before we get into that, if you guys want to learn a proven Facebook ad strategy that is responsible for over $10 million in sales, then what you need to do is click the link in the description and sign up for my free Facebook ads workshop. So, this is not a usual workshop or a usual training. I'm literally going to be giving away my entire strategy that I've been using for my paying clients to you for free. All you have to do is show up and receive it. So, if that sounds good, make sure you guys click the link in the description and register for that. But now that that's out of the way, let's get right into the video. So, as you guys can see, we are in the Facebook ads manager. And again, I have another simple campaign that I used from my last video. And the reason why I use this again because it's fresh, right? The numbers are very small. So, it just makes it very easy for everyone to understand, right? Not that much money has been spent, not that much results have been generated. So, when the numbers are smaller, I found that it's easier to teach and it's easier for people to wrap their brains around. So, let's take a look at what we have. So, originally we had, let's take a look at this campaign. So, we had one campaign with three adsets and three different ads. So, this morning I turned off this one. We're waiting for some other creative to come back from our editor and then we're going to turn off this one as well because they're just underperforming. Right. So, I think I believe these been running for maybe 2 or 3 days. Um, and as you guys can see here, looking at the results, three, two, one, and then one. Far more reach, um, with less spend. Actually, cost per result. Um, $11.61 compared to $36 and $35. And again, spent less money. Look at the difference in link clicks between this one and this one and this one. Right? So, 151 compared to 13 and 14. A lot of people don't think link clicks are important, but they are. And the reason why link clicks are important and they're an important indicator is that if you don't click my link, then that means you didn't even go to my landing page. You can't even visit my landing page or my website unless you click click a link first, right? So, you may click the link and then get to my landing page and it doesn't convert you there. Maybe the copy isn't right or the headline isn't right. But if I know that you got to my landing page or if I know that you clicked the link, then I know at least my ad and my copy did something right. So that's why this is a very important indicator. Cost per link click 23 cents compared to $2.81 and $257, right? So it's not even close. This is a no-brainer. Clickthrough rate. This clickthrough rate is lower just because it has so much more link clicks, right? So it's going to bring it down. Uh clicks 254. And it's the same thing with the regular clickthrough rate. Because it has so many clicks, it's going to bring down the average of the actual percentage, which is 1.25% compared to 3.56 and 4.50. And in case you guys don't know, clickthrough rate, the percentage of impressions where a click occurred out of the total number of impressions. And another metric that I like to use is post saves and post shares. This just kind of lets us know that people are val valuing the content, right? they're thinking it's actually a good piece of content that they got value from because they're not going to save or share an ad unless it was something that actually helped them or they might want to look at again later. So, looking at this one, this one got three shares. And that probably explains why this reach is so much higher than the rest of them with the same amount of ad spend. So, this is why it's important to create real highquality creative because if people like it and it catches on, people will share it and now you're getting more eyeballs on your ads for free, right? You're not even going to have to pay for those. So, as you guys can see in pretty much every aspect, this image one was the clear winner, right? So, now what do you do once we have a winner? So, the first thing we did, right, we cut this one, we turn this adset off or this ad off because it wasn't converting to the way we liked it. This one is going to get shut off soon as well. Um, but what we're going to do is try to analyze why this was a winner and create variations of that. So, this is what I mean. So, I'll show you guys. So, this is my guy Phil. He's letting us use his account for these examples. So, let's take a look. Right. So, as we can see here, um, let's say we're looking at this one. So, 700 plus credit score. You've already done the hard part. Now turn it into 250,000. Schedule a call. Right? So he's a business funding coach. He helps people get funded. Helps them get business funding, personal funding, things like that. Right? So it's very important for us that we are reaching people who have a 700 plus credit score, which is why this headline is what it is. And I believe that is a reason why we're getting high quality leads. And what I told my graphic design editor right now is we're going to keep this exactly the same because this is our first initial test, right? So all we know is that people are responding to this image more so than the other two, but we don't necessarily know why. So when we are lacking data, we kind of have to just try some hypothesis and if they're wrong, they're wrong. So I believe that this headline and the call to action is a key contributor to why the ads are being successful and the color as well. So, I'm going to leave the color pretty much. I'm going to leave everything exactly the same except this middle text. If you guys can see my cursor where I'm hovering over. So, I'm going to create four variations of different text. And why are we going to do that? Because it's pretty much similar, right? We want this ad is working, right? So, then we want to dig deeper and not necessarily wider. So, digging wider would be, okay, this worked. Well, let's try some different colors. Let's try a different headline, different call to action, whatever the case may be. Digging deeper is just meaning we're going to focus our attention on a single area, right? So, we're not going to try to change the headline, change the color, change the, you know, the picture of Phil or whatever the case may be. We're going to start with small changes, right? We want to dig as deep as possible. So, this worked. So, we don't even necessarily want to change too much because whatever about this image people like. So, we want to kind of keep it as similar as we can, at least for this initial test until we have more information, right? because we have not yet confirmed why for certain they like this image, right? So, we're just kind of rolling with some with some guesses right now. So, I'm going to read you guys some of the variations that we're going to be trying. So, as you guys can see here, this middle text says, "You've already done the hard part. Now, turn it into 250,000." And I'm going to be creating four new variations of the same exact ad just with this different middle text. So now I'll have five ads that I can deploy that theoretically in theory should perform well. But of course we don't know that until we actually test it out. And we're going to see which one performs the best if the original performs the best or if one of the variations becomes even better. And then after that we can do the same thing again or we can test you know a different headline. We can test a different call to action different image of field. There's so many different things that we can test right. So some of the variation text is going to be the following. So, the first one is now use it to unlock $ 250,000 in funding fast. The second one is now let your credit score earn you $250,000. The third one is most people stop at the credit score. Smart one, turn it into $250,000. And the fourth one is you're just one step away from $250,000. So, as you guys are hearing, he's helps people with a 700 plus credit score get access to who? Get access to $250,000 in funding. So, that's what this offer is about. and he's trying to get as many people as possible to help get them funded for their businesses or whatever projects they have going on. So for you guys, you guys are going to do the same exact thing, whether it be a video or an image, whatever it is, you're just going to dig deeper, right? You're not going to dig wide. You're going to try to start with one thing. You're not going to try to change everything because until you get more data, you're not going to know exactly why people are um resonating with whatever content you are advertising. This is one way to actually scale your ads and that's just by making a bunch of other similar ads of your winners, right? And that that scaling strategy actually does work well, right? So, it's definitely something that you guys should definitely do. I wouldn't be making this video if I didn't think that you should. And like I said earlier in the video, if you guys want my exact strategy that I've been using for all of my clients to generate over $10 million in sales with Facebook ads since 2020, click the link in the description, schedule for my free Facebook ads workshop, and I will teach you step by step my entire process for absolutely free. If you don't believe me, register below and find out for yourself. Hope you guys enjoyed this video, and if you did, make sure you guys leave me a like, one. and I'll catch you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marketingwithdev: Connect with me below 👇🏾 
https://marketingwithdev.com

Register for my free live Facebook ads workshop and steal my 10m ads strategy!→ https://marketingwithdev.com/fbadsworkshop

Stuck? I’ll help fix your ads in one session → https://marketingwithdev.com/consults

Want my exact blueprints? Get the courses → https://marketingwithdev.com/courses

- Let's Analyze These WINNING Facebook Ads Creatives...: Kind: captions Language: en what's up marketers in this video we are going to analyze and learn from some winning ad creative now of course I do not have access to all of these ad accounts in fact I do not have access to any of these ad accounts but a perhaps well-known hack is that if you go into your foreplay accounts or you go into a Brand's ad library and you look at the ad creative that has been running the longest it is safe to assume that that is their best performing creative because they continue to run it now of course this is not always going to be wildly accurate sometimes the data gets a little fuzzy but I've seen across the board hey if a brand continues to run the creative it's probably going to be a top performer now the way that I like to analyze this actually is I like to take a look at brands that have been running creatives for at least a month and that sort of signals to me hey something is interesting here and something is potentially working here I often find that most brands will turn off a piece of AD creative after 20 days even probably sooner than that if it's not working however if something is starting to work and starting to perform at that month-long Mark and they have it in the ad account for longer than that that is when I get interested so let's take a look at some of these ad creatives that I have here now this one by Cuts has been running for 83 days very interesting also very simple right so this just has a really good testimonial now the reason why I think this testimonial is so good is because it implies if you have a good chest and if you have good arms then you should wear this shirt so it's sort of like the self-fulfilling prophecy like oh if you buy this shirt you're buying it because you have good arms and a good chest so it's kind of using really smart consumer psychology to get people to buy well done Cuts honestly Cuts does a really good job of this they had another one that had been running for 274 days which is literally just an iPhone shot behind the scenes of one of their Studio shoots I assume and what I like about this one is that oh it makes the best fitted work Leisure on Earth and it has an attractive guy I hate his pants work in style he's clearly in New York so it's giving this impression of hey if you want to be rich and successful like this guy maybe buy a new pair of pants but definitely buy the shirt now another apparel one that I found was really interesting was this left on Friday one so this one has been running for 152 days and this is dead simple actually I recommend Brands to try this if they have many different colors and a few different Swatch Styles and I have seen this personally perform for other brands as well so this is one of those really dead easy canvas simple ones that I'm like try this and show people the options that you have instead of having them go through your collections page and go through blah blah blah so if you have a lot of different colors and a few different style options this is a must try now another one that I like is this array one so this one's been running since July of last year 178 days that's not really mapping for me but as you see with foreplay and as you see with ads Library it's not always going to map like that now what I love about this ad number one it starts off with an Us Versus Them video but if you notice right here this is a carousel so then it also goes into a meet the doctor segment and then it gives customer reviews and then it shows hey another video about some ingredients and then it also gives a background video of the founders so there's just I think there's a lot going on here and it's super smart and I love that it did it in a carousel format Carousel formats have actually been sort of my hack recently so you heard it here but really what's really smart about this is if you allow the algorithm to optimize for each individual user or the best performing card it's kind of like doing Dynamic creative testing without doing Dynamic creative testing very smart do more carousels is really the final thing that I want to say there ugh This Magic spoon ad very very good right so let's look first at the hook do you have any low calorie high protein breakfast options with no eggs I hate eggs so this feels really organic right number one it's very much in the style of tick tock it's even working with a tick tock or training with shea we gotta love it and they are asking hey this is a very common pressure point I find with people who are like working out and like on that best them lifestyle um and she just speaks to it amazingly but it's done completely organically so like hey I hate eggs what do you have for me boom magic spoon um you know and she's able to give this really authentic testimonial and you know what she's like kind of breaking rules here right we don't have any captions we don't have um any any text overlay to provide additional context so it's interesting to see ads like this work that break the rules a little bit which I think we're going to see a lot more in Creative moving forward with this more content first approach um this Elio one right this has been running since the beginning of the year for 58 days statistics space ad I love this type of ad now the reason why this is working is they're not just giving one statistic they are giving three they're saying hey 91 of people the under eyes were brightened I want that you want that it's a good thing 93 eyes were smoother amazing and then 100 said the concealer applied more smoothly now what I think is really smart about this is they're not saying the first two worked for everyone so they're kind of like anchoring themselves in quote-unquote reality by not giving that hundred percent but then they want to make this ad creative a no-brainer for someone to buy by saying a hundred percent felt like this went on more smoother pretty smart also this is something that anyone could create right and I really like how they offer the up close image of the brush as well as the applicator I found actually that especially with makeup and Beauty Brands the more that you can show the texture the better it is oh let's analyze this one from disco and this one from Elysian house so this one from Elysium 257 days wow that's a lot and then this one a little bit newer 53 days I love a features point out ad now the reason why I think the Disco one is super effective is because they're not just listing out the ingredients they're also saying hey here's why you should give a about these ingredients so they're saying smooth fine lines and wrinkles amazing tackles puffy under eye bags brightens and battles dark eye circles what's kind of cool about that is it's also like teaching your consumer something so I think that's kind of like a cool edutainment sort of AD style I think that's something if I was working with a skincare brand or a makeup brand I'd try playing around with a lot more try to educate your customer make them feel smarter make them feel little bit more invested in your product and then they're gonna buy now Elysium health does a really different strategy with the features point out right which is why I wanted to show both number one they're not really talking about how it works they're you know they have more of a brand owned subtitle what I'd like to say and they have this 25 off offer so I don't want to Discount that the 25 off offer is probably part of the reason why this is working but I also think it's really eye-catching I like the gradient background but I also really like how they are pairing Emojis with the feature call out so we have cellular energy healthy DNA better workout recovery less General fatigue it's kind of interesting too when I'm looking at this my eye automatically goes to the better workout recovery and less General fatigue because when I'm I notice when I'm looking at these feature Point outs I tend to look at the ones that show up more on the right side first and the healthy DNA cellular energy ones I think I need a little bit more context there but it was really smart of them to put the ones on the right side that would have the biggest the biggest benefit really because those are more benefits whereas healthy DNA and cellular energy those are not the benefits so and that's it I want to discover a few of those ads today with you guys um here's a challenge for us if you have a top performing ad that you would like me to analyze be sure to link to it in a foreplay board or link to it in your ads library and post it in the comment section below and I will analyze your ad in real time in the comments section all right I'll see you guys later bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @shrutisubramanya6725 [2 likes]: I love love your motion masterclasses, and your content has been very helpful when I raise creative performance to clients.  Signed the wait list ❤
  2. @ljubishatrajkov8473 [2 likes]: Your chanel is pure gold for Facebook advertisers.

Where do you find these great image ads?
  3. @DaraDenney [1 likes]: I’m launching a Performance Creative Master Course in July 2023! Sign up here to get on the waitlist: https://view.flodesk.com/pages/6458694c46a83b9d563901fb
  4. @SpiriTBladE9i6 [1 likes]: Hey Dara thank you for the value. However, I think what needs to be taken into consideration is, which audience the company is running a specific ad for. If I look at my brands or clients ad libraries, most of the time, the longest running ad is just simply for retargeting and not necessary a ToF top performer.

Looking at the ads that you've shown in this video, most of them were testimonials, how-to's, feature/benefit point-outs or discounts that usually work best for a warm audience.

Keeping that in mind, it would be awesome if you can show winning ToF ads you actually have proof of them being winning. Nonetheless good inspiration for creative testing. :)
  5. @AlinaKaltseva [1 likes]: This is my favorite type of video on your channel; it's full of useful information. Thank you so much! ❤

P.S. You are not only a smart woman, but also truly beautiful🌹
  6. @johannaoperates: How do you see the amount of days an ad has been up for like that? great video btw!
  7. @williamgarcia1995: Are these ads all intended to solicit a direct response from consumers?
  8. @Mars.2024: Hi :)Thank you for sharing .the more examples  the better understanding . As a beginner i love this kinds of videos : ads review
  9. @Irisle49: Can you do more subjects for F&B field?
  10. @OwlyReadingGlasses: I don't see any Primary Text in these ads, is that intentional?
  11. @Henrique.JAMartins: I love your videos! Your explanations are 💯. Thanks for sharing your knowledge with us.
  12. @kaemcyd2932: Love this content!  Thank you~.  (secret, Library has 2 r's in it.  Not silent.)
  13. @costclerk: Hooked
  14. @WestinChann: MORE MORE MORE!!!
  15. @mattfrancisco5671: hey dana! thanks for the video.

do you like to turn on optimize creatives per person?
  16. @mattharris1698: I never buy courses but I am 100% buying yours when they come out. By far the best media buyer on Youtube.
  17. @HausOfDogs: Does ad fragmentation causes adsets to compete wth each other resulting slightly higher cpm?
  18. @josekaram755: Quick question Dara, how many characters do you limit your scripts to? Im trying to keep the ad under a certain amount of time and i think a good idea would be to limit it to a certain number of words or characters! Or how do you measure the time its going to take the creator once executed?
  19. @partly-: You're the best Youtuber that i've found this year.  TQSM for creating this channel.
  20. @nicohalldesign: Great video Dara! Love how you analyse and breakdown creatives. I’ve also seen carousels performing well recently. 

I’ve just started working with a new skincare brand so I’ll be taking some of the tips you mentioned here onboard! They’ve just launched and I’m finding it hard to get them traction! Small budget and super high cpm’s 😩.

Loving the motion series as well btw! Can’t wait for the next one!

- The Best Hooks for Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the first 3 seconds of your ad is going to determine whether you're going to make money or burn it and after analyzing millions of dollars in ad spend this year I found the hooks that are dominating right now some of these are brand new while some of these have evolved and one of them I've seen dominate across nearly every single product in Industry that I've tested it out on so far so it's a very easy win now for every video creative that I test I actually test out four unique hook variations because even though the best ad won't work if you can't stop the scroll and we can't place all of our hope in just one hook so let's break down the top hook styles that are winning so far in 2025 plus how to use them in our own ads and be sure to let me know your brand or product in the comments and I will personally suggest a hook for you to test out all I ask is that you like and subscribe the first hook trend is what I like to call the go against the tradition hooks these hooks call out a status quo or a commonly held belief and then immediately challenge it they work because they disrupt expectations and challenge people on what they think they thought they knew this creates instant Intrigue and curiosity now how to use them I've actually found the best way to use them is to make sure you call out the tradition directly in the hook this is perfect for product education ads where you need to encourage someone to try something new it also works really well with before and after visuals to help show that transformation and then hook number two conversational hooks no because because these don't even feel like Hooks and that's exactly why they work they come across as hyper authentic and to be honest I've seen them work across both paid and organic content across multiple Industries some of the ways that you can use this Hook is actually how I started off by sharing this hook with you guys by using the phrase no because or okay these or wait why is this XYZ I actually first tested this out on my own personal content as a suggestion from Julia Bloom and it was one of my top performing andic posts from last year no because the creatives that people love to share online do not actually work these TRS work because they make users feel like they're jumping into a conversation that's already happening which forces them to pause and play catchup which is a natural hack at gaining people's attention now these are super easy to test you can simply tweak the beginning of any video and it really works with any type of Creator content from B2B to Beauty to apparel if you have a few Creator briefs that you're working on right now this is a very easy one to add in but a common question that I often get asked is hey what if I don't have Creator content or I want to literally try out this strategy right now this is where story blocks comes in one of my favorite ways to replicate the feel of ugc without relying on creators is by combining highquality story blocks footage with Native text overlays in a conversational tone for example you could use a quick clip of someone scrolling on their phone with one of these messaging strategies or you could pair a high energy reaction shot with okay these are insane as the opening line with millions of stock Clips templates and image assets story blocks makes it insanely easy to create scroll stopping performance ad creative even if you don't necessarily have Creator content on hand the best part is is you're going to have full usage rights for all content making it 100% legal to use even for ads it's literally instant content you don't have to learn a new AI solution or wait for a Creator to shoot the content or God forbid schedule a video shoot to get unlimited downloads for One Flat Rate Check out storyblocks at story blocks.com darad Denny or click the link in the description and now hook number three viral product hooks so when I was conducting research for this video and analyzing the ad creative from the brands that I work with one thing was very clear that ads that still tap into virality are still absolutely crushing it in 2025 even though I feel like it's a little bit boring to talk about this is honestly one of the few hooks that I've seen work for years without necessarily losing steam or fatiguing and that's because people love what's already popular it creates social proof and proves to people that they're making right investment simple proof in numbers y'all but I have noticed a few angles that consistently work number one product reviews this is going to leverage curiosity and social proof and number two founder stories which really builds credibility and more of that emotional connection these type of ads are perfect for beauty Wellness fashion skincare anything where virality really helps Drive demand it also works really great with ugc reaction clips and before and after Transformations a really easy way way to test this is just to Simply add this text overlay over your top performing app and if your product hasn't gone viral yet try framing this idea around a viral movement instead something like this and number four reaction hooks very similar to conversational hooks reaction hooks work really well because they really hinge on that authentic reaction that authenticity notice the trend they make ads feel real unscripted and unprompted which is exactly why why they drive strong performance so here's an easy win for your next creative brief simply brief in the opportunity for your creator to give those natural reactions while testing out your product and it's interesting over the last few years I've seen this really common during Black Friday Cyber Monday during when times of gifting are really popular but this year I've really seen these reaction-based ads dominate in Beauty and Industry and it's something that I'm trying out across all the brands that I'm working with and my expert tip here is to combine this with any of the other hooks that I'm going to show in this video it makes for an even stronger ad and hook number five controversy ads the power of polarization so leaning into negative marketing has been a top performing strategy on meta for the last few years hooks like these now I'm not going to lie these are still working pretty well in 2025 but I've seen that leaning into more controversial hooks are even more powerful so instead of highlighting a flaw or turning the positive to a negative these ads actually try to introduce debate and draw skepticism which forces viewers to kind of see what the fuss is all about so yes I would actually say these hooks are super similar to the breaking the tradition type of AD creative and I will say going against the grain is in the fabric of American society which is why I think these ads work so well here some examples of controversial hooks I actually got targeted this one from my old client and immediately when I saw big pH stand out I immediately stopped the scroll and was like I'm tuning in ultimately these type of hooks create instant Intrigue because they're identifying a common enemy a hot take or just another controversy and the best part is is whether or not people agree or disagree with your statement you're very likely to get a lot more engagement by using these ads people are going to share people are going to debate which is going to further push the algorithm to put out your ad my two big tips here is these are great for products that are challenging some type of norm and also definitely test out using the actual word controversy I have found that that really does Drive quite a bit of performance and if you want me to help pick the best hook for your product or brand be sure to let me know in the comments below and I will reply with my top pick for you personally and hook number six trigger hooks words that stop the scroll some words immediately trigger an emotional or psychological response causing people to stop react and engage with your ad and these words aren't just catchy or superflous they really do tap into deeply rooted human emotions like desire embarrassment loathing and anxiety I've analyzed thousands of ad creatives this year alone and I've noticed again and again that a lot of the top performers are ones that just have words that have that extra special um here's actually a list of some of my favorite trigger words to use in ad creative there are trigger words that Drive curiosity and Intrigue fear and anxiety shock and controversy desire emotion and anger and resentment and of course we got a few of these in action right here now here's an easy way that you can test this right now before launching any AD creative I actually upload my top performing hooks into chat GPT and ask it to enhance them with emotional trigger words this is a really simple step but has actually increased the performance on a lot of my ad creatives recently definitely try it and hook number seven demographic hooks this is honestly the top performing hooks so far in 2025 now I talked about demographic hooks in last year's video but here's the thing it is still driving the best performance today in 2025 and I'm not really surprised about it here's two reasons why number one they help meta accurately Target your creative so these days meta doesn't really rely on interest targeting or lookalike targeting to drive results I haven't really seen great performance coming out of those audiences lately it's really coming more out of Advantage Plus audiences or just broad open targeting but what meta does use to help Target your customers is by looking at the actual meta data inside of your ad creative so things like your imagery and your messaging which yes does include your text overlay so when you call out a specific demographic in your hook meta takes that as a strong targeting signal and helps deliver your ads to those right people and number two another reason why this works is this type of AD creative is inherent more top of funnel so instead of targeting by problem or even product you're actually targeting more by identity this tends to increase scalability because you're talking to a lot bigger audience without actually needing them to be already problem aware so my big tip here is to think about how your users categorize thems this can be by age by job title lifestyle affiliation and even potentially health conditions if you aren't testing out demographic hooks in 2025 you are probably leaving a lot of money on the table hook number the multiple hook hook now this is a trend that I've seen more and more this year I think it's one of the easiest ways to improve ad creative performance without actually making net new ads and simply instead of just relying on one hook this method actually Stacks two to three hooks to create a sort of hook reel at the beginning of your ad I've seen this prevent drop off in the first few seconds by really keeping that engagement high and it can also appeal to multiple psychological triggers at once like identity controversy demographic targeting you can literally just combine everything that we're talking in this video and it is very easy to test just edit existing High performers by adding an extra hook at the start some winning combinations that I've seen work really well include demographic plus controversy hooks demographic plus anti-traditional product Hooks and hook number nine the how do I know if hook your users already have these questions in mind the second they discover your product or service and how do I know if it's right for me this look directly Taps into that uncertainty which is why it's so effective it mirrors the exact same thoughts that your customers are having in real time making the ad feel instantly relevant and to be honest it feels more like a genuine conversation than a traditional ad and it automatically frames the ad from the viewer's perspective instead of the Brand's perspective and this one's very easy all that you have to do is start your hook with how do I know if insert common consumer objection if you want an ad that instantly resonates with your audience or if you're trying to make your ad creative feel more genuine and authentic this is absolutely the ad creative to test next and hook number 10 the speed and transformation hook which shows fast results and visible change the way that I know that a brand is going to crush it on meta ads is if they can number one provide what appears to be an easy solution to someone's problem that promises really quick change think about it this is why Beauty and cosmetics do so well on meta ads because the reality is people don't just want results they want fast invisible proof that their product is actually going to deliver on the promise that's why combining speed with a before and after transformation makes this hook one of the strongest I've seen so far in 2025 it Taps into instant gratification and combining it with before and after visuals show that the product actually works the best way to use this is to use time based phrases which creates urgency and drives Intrigue ultimately speed gets attention and transformation builds trust use both and you got a winning hook all right I just gave you the top 10 best performing hooks so far in 2025 and now I want to hear from you let me know which ones you're most excited to test out in the comments below and if you haven't already hit like And subscribe so you won't miss my next ad creative breakdown love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [17 likes]: Hey everyone! There has been such a great response for hooks, I'm so honored :) 

If you are subscribed to the channel (I can see a little button on my side!), I will be sure to respond to you with the hooks within a day or so. Love you guys!!
  2. @starfox300 [2 likes]: How can you write "women over 40, listen up" when it violates Facebook's personal attributes rules?
  3. @samfouzir983: The name of our company is slickyblocks.. We are an AI website builder that includes SEO, ecommerce, marketing tools... we are small and competing against big players like shopify and wix.. Its hard to get a good hook in my industry. what do you recommend.. Great channel FYI
  4. @karenabbott9908: Great video!  thank you! - paid ads car insurance
  5. @Mrumer-si3fn: i have party accessories niche. what's the best hook for me?
  6. @jeffmccreary-d4j: Essential Oil Lotion for pain
  7. @thrivebestnaturally: Thank you so helpful. I'm not sure which to apply first they all have their benefits.
  8. @BLINDTRAVELLER_12: I love you so so much... ❤
  9. @withdreamkeeper: Good for skincare brands?
  10. @ClariceMiss: What hook do you suggest for an RnB singer?! :) ( I know this one is a tough one...)
  11. @bgdtwellness: Hi! Thank you for this video. We offer Ketamine therapy, GLP-1 treatment, and Gene Testing.
  12. @VictoriaHostSecrets: Love your content!  I am starting a sauna and pergola building company for residential home owners wondering what would be the best hook!!??😊
  13. @iannicholson651: Mortgage Broker
  14. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  15. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  16. @SamuelOgunjimi: I own an insurance agency. We offer whole life insurance plan
  17. @DigitalSurge-vs: suggest hook for algo trading masterclass.
Really loved your video
  18. @davidsantamaria2380: We offer private tennis sessions in Miami. Can you recommend a hook for us?
  19. @HAMZABROUD: Real estate
  20. @dassimakopoulos: I am a chiropractor with a special interest in treating jaw pain. Can you recommend a hook for me?

- The Scrum Doc: The Best Way To Analyze Your Facebook Ads Results #FacebookMarketing #FacebookAds: Kind: captions Language: en the scrum dock the one actual dashboard that you can do for free that i've used to personally manage well over a hundred million dollars in revenue for the better part of a decade and it's basically just a fancy google sheet now we're going to talk a lot about this and if you want to know more about it please let me know but honestly the scrum doc the only thing that you absolutely must have to see a lot of success and understand your numbers let's get to it the scrum doc here from facebook instructor anyway what i would like to say before we get started thank you for watching all of these videos and if you're brand new to it hey stick around and you can go ahead and subscribe to make sure you don't miss another one maybe you have no idea what i'm talking about well hey look things are going to get a lot easier because my ultimate goal is to give you back more time and put more money into your pocket while ultimately maximizing your amount of success and getting rid of a lot of the stress and a lot of that has to do with knowing your numbers you've heard me talk before maybe and that is fundamental to overall success now if you enjoy what you're seeing here please feel free to subscribe like we have questions don't be afraid to comment or reply back maybe you're on a different platform why don't you tag me and let me know how i can help you see it and if you enjoy this stuff you can enjoy facebook disruptor school as well go to facebook destructor.com click on the patreon button it's up here and then you can click your way into joining the school there now i really really want to pass forward the value of this document um i've mentioned it quite literally for years now um and it has evolved and i'm here to really talk you through right now what it is what it brings to the table what it is that we can see and really why why is this thing so much better than all of the fancy your multi-touch attribution pieces and why is it so much more impactful and important than having a wonderful data studio with wonderful graphs and all sorts of things that make you feel good about numbers on a sheet of paper let me get to it so one thing that facebook does not do and they're reporting no matter how you arrange it unless you get super deep into the reports and then you're basically just programming a version of the scrum doctor yourself which hey look you can do i don't recommend it but you can do it is it doesn't give you contextual business information and it doesn't really do a great job at showing you trend analysis now as somebody that tells you that you should absolutely be touching your ads maybe two or three times a week and you can 100 percent manage your facebook ad account in 90 minutes a day or less actually doing more than that you're doing far more harm than good and if you're saying well no if i day trading i'm gonna make a lot more money look you might but if you have this if your success comes on the back of you day trading and being right with every single guest what happens when you're wrong what happens you want to take a vacation what happens when you want to pass it on to somebody else what if you want to actually scale your business instead of just working harder and harder and harder to make a little bit a little bit a little bit less on top of everything well if you want to really truly manage these things you need some sort of document that shows this information in a way that can be helpful in a way that is actionable and and sadly that is not something that facebook does very well but they give us all the data we need to so that we can make one for ourselves now mind you this isn't just something that i do um i borrowed a version of this from some ad agency the better part of a decade ago and then i flipped their thing on its side and then it brought it to somebody that was spending 100 million a year on television and i learned from them all the pieces i was missing and then i worked with you know some direct consumer uh brands that were going eight nine figures and selling out and i solved their problems with it and eventually over the years just got into this robust thing and then simplified the hell out of it and now it's something you can spend 15-20 minutes every couple of days uh updating and you're going to be able to manage an empire over breakfast and that's what we're really trying to do honestly is get our time back and make fewer moves you know facebook is a machine learning algorithm and the more changes you make the harder it is for facebook to see success you have to know your numbers so what does the scrum dot give us well in an ideal situation is if you're an e-commerce for instance you really need three data points from facebook and honestly these are the only three data points you're ever going to need from basically any platform and understand that they're also complete [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but they're generally lying to you by the same token at the same volume every single time so you know what their version of the truth is you can just take their fahrenheit and turn it into celsius and you'll be just fine and when those three metrics are spend conversions and purchase conversion value that's it we don't need link clicks we don't need cpms we don't need reach impression frequency none of that stuff now they're fun to have and they'll absolutely you know help you feel smart in things but they're very very rarely actionable with the exception of frequency frequency is halfway decent metric to get into especially if you're trying to funnel hack but honestly you shouldn't be trying to do that anyway so with spend conversions and purchase conversion value we get what's our investment what's our volume of return and what is it worth to us understanding that that's probably underreported because we're going off of a one-day click because remember we want data integrity we're not going after well if we take as much credit from everybody else over the last week remember when we have 28 day and people are trying to take credit for the work of folks in the last month what happened they took that away almost every retargeting agency in the modern world went out of business in like 45 days which was hilarious because they were robbing people left and right for years now these metrics will ultimately allow us to factor cpa aov uh we'll also be able to get profit we'll be able to get percentage of spend will be able to get percentage of revenue so be able to understand what is the overall level of investment what's our overall contribution to the bottom line where are our biggest liabilities where are our biggest assets what are the things that actually need to be worked on today you know if you're if you've got maybe a full funnel control campaign and a testing campaign maybe you're nuts and you've got three or four campaigns in your facebook ad account going you want to see how helpful those things are maybe you've hacked your way down to having a few extra things that are providing incrementality of your business even if it's short term what does that bring into the table and that's really good to know so we're trying to figure that out it's not just what it do today because remember today's data is basically useless we want to know what happened over the last week is this month better than last month is this quarter going against projection are we ahead of schedule behind schedule and let me tell you this um your data in your dashboard at 1pm today is basically useless like yes you can say well i'm not making money by 1 pm so i'm going to turn it off and what's going to happen well you're going to turn it off by noon you're going to turn it off by 11. hey facebook doesn't work why is it that when i starve a machine learning platform from any data and i don't let it actually optimize over long periods of data of trends and and i completely make it as dumb as possible so that i can feel good about myself because some other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ripped me off while teaching me what to do and i was overworked and underpaid why isn't that working for me well here's the thing the scrum doc is going to clear all that up you're going to be able to see your total results day by day week by week month by month you're going to be able to see it by business objective that's how you should organize it now me personally i do control campaigns and i do testing i generally don't have much more beyond that i can manage five hundred dollars a day or fifty thousand dollars a day and i probably need three four campaigns max to get it done which means i can ultimately understand where am i getting incremental value and where am i not and especially if you're starting to take your scrum dock for extra credit and compare it to your store what does facebook say versus your shopify maybe facebook is saying you're coming in a 50 cost per and you made 10 sales well what happens if you actually made say 15 sales well your cost per is no longer 50 bucks it's like mid-30s and if it's mid-30s is that number that was not good is is it good enough now and if it's wrong by say forty fifty percent any time thirty percent twenty percent ten if it's wrong by an amount every single day how much money should you actually be spending how much more investment should you be delivering to the system and ultimately once you start to look at facebook as a piece of your overall business how much more opportunity do you have almost always the businesses that i work with that are super successful get down to a point where they are looking at facebook at cost per acquisition measuring against average order value and then comparing that against their ltv their lifetime value and then lean into facebook basically at a loss because if you need facebook to pay off the investments you made into facebook in order to have a successful business when you inevitably fail it won't be facebook's fault the honest truth is five years ago you could do that four years ago you could do that three years ago you could still get away with doing that poorly but those days are behind us um you know the honest truth is the cost of advertising on facebook continues to go up and the business model that allows direct consumer and e-commerce and a lot of other businesses even print on demand to work are under threat whether it's drop shipping or sass lead gen or dtc you're gonna have to get to the point where you can tell somebody in 30 seconds or less what your objective on the platform is what direction you're going and what your target cost per acquisition is what your margins are how much profit you made and whether or not a 2x ros is better than a one now i know what you're saying a 2x of course that's better than a one and i'll tell you this you're dead [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wrong most of the because knowing that facebook isn't actually seeing all of the data would you rather get a 2x on 500 a day knowing that maybe you're getting 10 20 better than that or get 1x on 2 000 a day now one of those brings you 500 profit the other one brings you an extra two thousand dollars a day in revenue revenue with maybe three four times as much traffic and how much is that extra traffic worth it's probably more than the wonderful number that is impossible for you to sustain at scale on facebook and if you're ultimately trying to grow a company don't be worried about making facebook look good worry about making facebook stable and then ultimately managing your trend by business objectives so you can take into account your entire funnel the scrum knock will give you that your google data studio won't your google analytics well trying to pair together 14 different attribution models from a bunch of different people to try to come to some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] version of multi-touch attribution ball you know i'll i'll say one other thing we look at one day click because remember the biggest lie in advertising is bottom-up attribution and the reason that we don't care is because if we know we're being lied to all the time but we're being lied to at the same level all the time that only needs to do is redefine what success looks like if i know that every time you tell me i have a hundred dollars i really have 150 and my goal is to hit say 750 bucks all i need to do is get to a point where you tell me i have 500. now the advice the opposite can be true too every time you tell me i have 200 bucks really i only have 100 and i want to make 750 i know i need to get to about 1500. now the fun thing is facebook does not over report and people say well facebook's over reporting and no your attribution model is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's generally what's happening that's why we don't go for anything past a one-day click because data integrity and success in our business is far more important than making the facebook number look good i've made the facebook number look so good the companies went out of business i feel like that's a good place to leave it today anyway with that being said if you want to see more youtube says you check these things out and if you really like it maybe go over here and subscribe anyway with that being said once again hi i'm charlie and i'll see you on the internet

- How to Analyze Facebook Ad Results (5 Important Metrics to Track to be Profitable): Kind: captions Language: en are you running facebook ads but you don't know what specific kpis or manga metrics to look for to determine if your ads are profitable or not in this video i'm going to share with you five important kpis we use in our business for us to determine if our ad is working or not coming up [Music] [Applause] hello hello tycoons this is fibo lim your internet marketing coach in this channel we publish weekly content that will help you grow your business online so if you're new here consider subscribing don't forget to ring the bell button so that every time we publish new videos you are gonna get notified before we begin i want to invite you to my free master class where i share with you step by step how do you run profitable advertising campaigns go ahead and visit this link type fibolam.com class to register for a free seat right now all right so with regards to running ads there are specific numbers okay or not in a score card okay or metrics or kpis to look for to determine if you adds nothing profitable ba are we doing good are we doing bad so if you don't have a number we don't know american scorecard report card so we know that if you score nathan is above 75 is we're doing good but if our scores above are below 75 we're not doing good so same thing with regards to running ads as well so the first metric i want to introduce to you is the metric called the click-through rate okay so click-through rate means out of those who viewed okay so s while scrolling facebook okay but only one person click the ad okay that means you have a one percent click through rate okay so another example let's say sabinetin that there are 10 000 people view your ad okay and only 100 click your ad so 100 divided by 10 000 that's still about one percent so that's how you determine okay the click-through rate this is important to determine if human tao are clicking your ad back so if you notice if hindi selena clicks admo that means that means that your ad is not good enough for them to take action for them to click the link for them to take action okay so what are the average numbers but so what we're aiming for is to have a click-through rate above one percent okay so that for every 100 that see your ad there should be at least or more than one percent who clicks your ad that means it's good okay that's a good number but in our business we're actually getting as high as four to five percent clicks click percentage click-through rate click-through rate okay so it makes me an out of 100 four to five people click our ads and the reason why we're able to do that because as time go by i become really good in creating ads like this and i know how to make people click i know how to make how to catch a person's attention because of experience i already know what to do okay and uh for you to be able to accomplish that you just have to keep on practicing and dream improving improving improving so that is the first metric that we look at make sure that your link click through rate is above one percent okay number two is i think not in a cost per lead okay what is this cost per lead so a lead is like a prospect it's like an email address a phone number it's a contact information so if you've watched my previous videos you know that you need to capture a person's contact information so that you can follow them up in the future okay so now every contact information that you get is actually an asset to your business so the thing is we want to compute you know how much is our cost to acquire a contact information in sabine and our cost per lead okay the average numbers in demand details of philippines is 20 to 30 pesos per lead now the thing is this is as of this video because two years ago i was getting a lead an average lead for about seven to 10 pesos so that's what i'm telling you that as the time go by cost of advertising increase so if you don't start advertising now eventually two years after it's gonna become more expensive and you are going to regret why you did not advertise as early as now all right so that is the second metric cost per lead the third metric is cost per purchase okay so the tournaments of cost per purchase is i cannot give you an average because it would depend on the price of the product it would depend industry also the cost free lead as well would depend on the industry as well okay so there are industries for example real estate now 100 pesos per lead pero that does not mean because there's a possibility in the mass quality must quality of customer or you lead or prospect so 100 pesos per lead pero if you worth number is 500 pesos then you are paying 100 to get 500 does that make sense going back now to the cost per purchase is that dependent allegation the pen datosa industry depended on the product or depending on product but when we were doing when we were selling physical products usually our target is to get a cost per purchase below 200 pesos because we were selling a product that's within like the 1000 to 2000 uh price point okay and for us to our i would say about 1 500 to 2500 price point and i would say for us to stay profitable because we would have to spend for shipping we would have to spend for rts all this crazy stuff uh we should need to we have to get cost per purchase of below at 200 pesos that means now when we spend an advertising we should get at most 200 pesos to get a sale however you need a case to case basis 500 3000 we can even spend up to 500 per purchase to acquire a customer so you're not case to case basis but eb sabine cost per purchase how much are you are you paying no to acquire a customer to acquire a purchase the fourth metric that we look at is integrated at an average customer value okay what this means is 500 more that is your cost per purchase you one thousand more is your average customer value mo okay so why is this important no mechanic income so technically mechanic so guys i have clients who are spending 50 000 pesos to acquire one customer and they're asking me mahal basha well it depends how much is the customer worth sabinia 300 000 so that means they are spending 50 000 to get a 300 000 clients so the thing is it's not expensive okay so yeah to make the numbers a little bit smaller that's how easy it is for example three thousand product and then you spent two thousand five hundreds of ads okay indeed okay this brings us to the fifth metric that we look at which is the most important of any other metrics because if atom metric nato is positive it's above one what's going to happen is you're making money okay and if you're making money all the metrics now becomes irrelevant because you're making money like what do you need to fix but so raw ass means return on ads spent so that means if you spend 100 in ads tapos commit 200 okay you are making it 2x two times return okay return an ad spend so how much did your money multiply back so sabina then you spent 1000 in ads and you generated 3 000. you made a 3x or three times return on ad spend or return or roi so this is important for you to generate this return you need to know how much does it cost to acquire a customer and how much is a customer worth so for example again let's say that we make ten thousand if we make the sale okay ten thousand and then we spent five thousands ads so five thousand in gasoline ten thousand kikitai nothing how much would our return be okay so that is our two times return another example so be nothing that uh we are spending ten thousand in ads okay and then making thirty thousand okay how much is our return so divide more right so that is a three times the return like multiply into three so the thing is in target casinos is two times at least two times thirty return so it's kind of like doubling our money every day right so as long as we hit these figures then all other metrics become irrelevant so in your business it depends on using target mode but you can start with 2x as long as the w money mode then everything else is doing good question of the day what is your favorite metric back is it cost per lead is it average customer value is it return on ad spent let me know in the chat below because i want to know important facebook before we go again i want to invite you to my master class where i share with you how do you run profitable facebook advertising campaigns go ahead and register for a free seat by visiting this link ebola.com class right now thank you thank you so much for watching this video if you have not subscribed to our channel yet go ahead click subscribe and don't forget to ring the notification bell so that you get notified every time we publish new videos until next time this is fibo lim achieve success live with happiness and enjoy the good life see you in our next episode

  Top Comments:
  1. @raymundpilapil: Roas
  2. @deandre4542: Hello, coach! I just have one question coz I realized one thing when you're discussing about ROAS. You said if I spent P100 for the ad and got P100, it's basically a good thing kasi kumita ka ng P100 but should we also consider other aspects like the money we spent for other things like capital, shipping (if applicable), etc. In this manner, is a 2x ROAS a good thing or should we aim higher than that considering other aspects that we're spending on? If so, ano po sa tingin nyo ang ideal ROAS to say that a business is profitable? Thank you po! Sana masagot!
  3. @WINYPER16: ROAS
  4. @rosepc3710: Super nice.
  5. @st.benedicttv757: Roas
  6. @lilibethcuenca5903: ROAS
  7. @febelynladines4775: ROAS coach fibo
  8. @Velfiepro: Hello Coach Fibo - mine is CTR going to ROAS
  9. @cetv2445: ROAS and CPP
  10. @dinagesulga8167: Good morning  Millionaire FIBO Lim yes Coach
  11. @shanmorilla1191: (ROAS)

- WATCH THIS if you're STRUGGLING with Facebook Ads | Here's What Im Doing To Beat Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en if you are struggling in 2021 with facebook ads just like me watch this video i'm gonna drop a few nuggets so guys my name is ryan um i run an ecommerce brand we're probably gonna do about two million dollars in sales for 2021. now facebook has been a piece of not facebook the company but running facebook ads in general in 2021 has been very difficult my ads are barely breaking even and if you're experiencing this too ios 14 it's it's really affected the way we run ads on facebook in 2021 and moving forward so go a year back my ads were seeing a forex roads so for every one dollar i spent i got four dollars back in this past month i spent 85 000 on facebook and i saw a 1.1 row s so for every one dollar i spent i got a dollar and 10 cents back now you may be thinking hey is that profitable no it's not my business runs at a 1.40 as breakeven so i lost money but my business still did 225 000 of revenue in total and i still made 25 000 net profit so we made a profit margin of 10 now how did i do that here's where the trick comes in you guys gotta diversify off of facebook right you have to use other channels i'm not saying ditch facebook completely but you need to start looking into other options like google ads google ads number one is what we're trying we've spent twenty five thousand dollars last month and it was actually profitable we saw a one point nine row as on twenty five thousand dollars spent number two you gotta do youtube ads uh youtube ads coincides with google so you can do it all on the same platform number three you have to try uh diversifying on different platforms as well try selling your product on amazon try selling your product on ebay try selling your product on walmart marketplace these are these other channels are going to help you diversify across ad platforms and sales channels another thing that is super important is you have to uh you have to solidify your back end what i mean by that not your ass you're not solidifying your ass you're solidifying your email marketing your cart recovery flows your text message campaigns all that stuff needs to be on point that is probably the reason our business remain our business remains profitable is because we're essentially breaking even and losing money on the front end for customer acquisition but we're still getting purchases we're still collecting emails we're still collecting phone numbers and what that does is throughout text message campaigns email blasts we're able to generate more sales so last month alone our email campaigns and flows and total email revenue was 35 of the business it was about 45 48 000 that is a huge chunk of money that doesn't cost you much right because you have that information you're sending an email blast when that customer purchases you offer them a 10 15 20 discount you're making a lot of money you're cutting out facebook which is the middleman the goal here is to get off facebook go straight to the consumer that is the end goal so i'm not saying ditch facebook completely facebook and instagram is always probably gonna be the best customer acquisition method by far right it's it's easy to do facebook has the most data uh it's it's easy to make ads but you need to test other platforms like google try snapchat ads try tik tok ads i'm trying this stuff in real time as we speak you have to have a solid back end get your email marketing correct get your flows your abandoned cart emails your birthday campaigns your sms campaigns you gotta get all that stuff in line and lastly you can't stop marketing whatever you do don't stop marketing because you're not seeing profit you have to keep prop uh you have to keep promoting your product you have to keep getting in your customers face so they know who you are so again this is just a little tidbit if you're struggling with facebook ads in 2021 try these little things implement them in your business if they work let me know comment below i'm testing them out just just alongside you guys again we did 200 000 plus revenue last month on this month we're on pace to do about and we're trying it so look comment below if you got any value out of this video like this video this wasn't a professionally produced video i just wanted to make this quick video so you can get some little nuggets on advertising and selling more products online so go ahead subscribe to my channel i make professional videos professional head talking videos i make stupid videos like this but if you got some nuggets like comment so it gets to the right people and don't forget to subscribe okay bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @1500runner357 [1 likes]: 100% -  use Facebook to grow your list.  The money's in the list.  Traffic you can control.  Keep rolling!  10X
  2. @multifamily1: Super helpful.. works for me
  3. @DanKohan: We are using giveaways to great success on Facebook to generate leads and sell them on the backend with email. Have you tried that strategy yet?

- Struggling with Facebook Ads? Try these 6 Proven Fixes!: Kind: captions Language: en We've all been there, right? You're getting good results for a while, then suddenly everything drops. Or maybe you've never really gained traction at all. And when that happens, most advertisers panic and start tweaking stuff that honestly doesn't matter. You change your targeting. You try some new fancy campaign structure you found on YouTube. You start fiddling instead of fixing. Before we get into the solutions, here's why you should listen to me. I spend every single day inside hundreds of real meta ad accounts. Inside the ads clinic, we support over 200 medium and small businesses who are all dealing with Andromeda's quirks, delivery issues, algorithm changes, creative fatigue, and the reality of modern Facebook advertising. Because of that, I get to see patterns that you simply don't see when you're only looking at your own ad account. I see what happens across dozens of industries. I see what works, what breaks, and what the algorithm is prioritizing right now. So, what I'm about to share with you isn't guesswork. It's based on thousands of hours across hundreds of accounts and millions in spend all operating inside this new Andromeda world. Stay with me to the end because I'm going to tell you exactly what I recommend you do next. All right, let's get into it. When performance drops, this whole thing is actually much simpler than most advertisers make it. Not easy, but simple. There's a fixed list of levers that actually matters, and those levers never really change. Step one, strip out the complexity. If you've built some Frankenstein setup with 10 campaigns and a maze of adsets, you're making life hard for yourself. Simplify, consolidate, remove anything that's watering down your budget or starving your ads of data. Most people think more campaigns, more control. In reality, more campaigns equals slower learning, weaker distribution, and worse performance. Especially after Andromeda targeting, let it go. Just use broad. Use suggestions if you want, but you don't need 10 different targeting variations. Meta is getting rid of them anyway. Your first job is simply to remove anything that's blocking results. Step two, fix the thing that actually moves the needle. Good ads win, bad ads lose. If results are poor, your ad isn't strong enough yet. That's not criticism, that's just the job. Your ads must show that you deeply understand the pain points of your audience. Meta doesn't reward features. Meta rewards relevance. Speak to the problem. I call this calling out. Position your product or service as the solution. Use multiple primary text. Use multiple angles, concepts. Give meta room to learn. Visually, you've got to stop the scroll. That's it. And this can take 1 and 1/2 seconds. Static video UGC reviews, demos. Mix it all up. And remember, there is no perfect creative, only the next test. Step three, lean into Andromeda properly. Meta wants creative diversification. This isn't optional anymore. Use statics, use videos, use carousels, use flexible formats. Make sure 9 by6 works. Make sure the 4x5 works. Check every placements before you publish. And don't just create two ads and put all your hopes on them. That's not enough data to win in 2025 and especially going into 2026. Step four, strengthen your offer. If your ads are good, but results aren't coming in, the offer is usually the bottleneck. That doesn't mean give a discount. Your offer simply needs to feel irresistible. Scarcity, urgency, exclusive bonuses, fast action incentives, bundles, trials, limited access. There are dozens of ways to create desire without racing to the bottom. And if you're selling multiple products, pick the winner. Pick the product people already want. Use momentum to your advantage. Step five, fix the product page experience. One of the biggest killers of good ads is a bad landing page, slow load times, messy layout, confusing checkout, bad mobile experience, cheap templates that no longer meet consumer expectations. People don't tolerate friction anymore. If your product page doesn't convert, your ads never stood a chance. Step six, get attribution right. If Meta doesn't know a sale happened, Meta cannot optimize to find more people like that buyer. Simple as that. pixel events, conversions API, dduplication, correct event mapping. Make sure your testing shows the events firing properly in your metrics. This is non-negotiable. Here's the bottom line. When your ads aren't performing, don't panic and start tweaking anything. Instead, do these things. Remove complexity. Improve your ads. Refresh and refine your offer. Fix the product page. Ensure proper attribution. These are the things that actually move the needle. You can always improve your ads. You can always strengthen the offer. You can always remove friction. What you can't do is keep overthinking and getting in your own way. I hope that helps. And if you want more information, click on the link below and join my free school community where I can teach you a whole lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: People after they get some sales, think if the sales drop off, something has to be broken... more often, this is just a normal dip in sales, and you have to push through those times, and focus on what you can control which improving 1) CTR 2) Conversion Rates, while your results come back around.
  2. @abryan3228 [1 likes]: why is my audience definition so narrow in meta ads manger even though ive selected my entire country, bare in mind its not usually that small it was like approximately 1 million people now its like 6500 or 16,000 estimated reach. I dont understand why. Plus, when i change my conversion method to calls it shows my normal 1m audience, but when i go to my regular conversation method, which is messaging apps, it goes back to that small audience. Am i missing something?
  3. @nickboddington1: Get my FREE 2026 Facebook Ads Masterclass here 👉 https://www.skool.com/theadsclinic/about

- Struggling to get results with Facebook Ads?: Kind: captions Language: en Most businesses are wasting money on Facebook ads. Why? Because they are boosting instead of building real campaigns. Here's the truth. Most businesses fail with Facebook ads, not because the platform doesn't work, but because they're using it wrong. They hit boost post and expect magic. But Facebook ads don't work like that anymore. You need strategy, targeting, creative, and data all working together. We don't guess who your audience is. This allows us to target people who are already in buying mode, not just random scrollers. Our three-part winning formula, laser targeting. We find your ideal customers using interest stacking, lookalikes, and retargeting. High converting creatives, scroll stopping videos plus headlines that get clicks, data-driven optimization. We track everything, cost per lead, ROS, and scale only what works. We don't set it and forget it. Every week we track performance metrics like cost per result, CTR, rowass, and frequency. Then we tweak audiences, pause underperforming ads, and scale what's working. Now that we have the right audience, we need to stop their scroll. That's where the creative comes in. We test different formats: video, reals, testimonials, memes, depending on your niche. If you're serious about growing your business with Facebook ads, stop trying to figure it out alone. Click the link in the description.

- How to ACTUALLY Optimize Facebook Ads in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en in the last 30 days this e-commerce business spent $ 76,7 63 on Facebook ads to drive $239,000 in Revenue that's a 3.82 return on ad spend at scale better yet they did all of this with a $47 cost per acquisition today's video I'm going to break down how I've optimized this account and how I'm checking on it on a regular basis this is not going to be the sexiest video I'm going to tell you very straight up this video instead is going to be the real raw truth of exactly how you need to optimize your ads no matter how you're set up this comes down to a few fundamentals the very first and most important thing is actually looking at the right metrics at the right time what this actually creates is this really weird setup where you're not actually tracking to your exact goal the very first thing we're going to do is I'm going to show you so you can literally pause this video and copy and paste my exact columns these columns are going to help you optimize and they're going to really just be a guide for you if you're driving an e-commerce business forward so step by step every sing single column that I like to use in my Facebook ads that I specifically look out across all the accounts now keep in mind you might have to add additional things in here if you're really driving for any special leads or if you're really focused on frequencies or different things that are going on sure add different columns in here these are just my core this is what I treat as like my Holy Grail of all column sets first off most obvious ones that are mandatory are the onoff button the campaign the First Column set that is custom is delivery it tells me if there are any problems within this specific campaign and it actually also follows down to the the adset level and the ad level furthermore it's actually going to show when things are in learning versus when things are active so if something's out of learning it will actually say active as it does right here and then when something's in learning I can just hover over it really really easily and see how many conversions I have left get through the learning phase this is a perfect example the last time we made a significant edit to this campaign was 3 days ago and it's driven 12 conversions since that significant edit this is going to drive its 50 conversions actually quite quickly based on the result that is driving for us so far and it's going to get through the learning phase and then it's going to be even more optimized than it is right now it just helps me keep an eye on everything that's going on in the account on a campaign level we have no errors here there's a few recommendations on delivery no problem the second column that's really important here is attribution setting so this is just going to tell us what attribution setting we have in this account a big part of the second half of this video is going to be the right attribution to set and actually how to optimize using different attribution modes which stick with me is going to be critical but you have to have these columns set up properly to actually optimize effectively bid strategy is my next column the one thing that's a little Annoying about bid strategy is when you're looking at a campaign level you're seeing a lot of using adset bid strategies when we're using cost caps for certain campaigns you move into the actual adsets you do see these are some old campaigns you see they're off here they were running on highest volume and now for the most part we're using cost per results or cost caps next piece budget most important thing that you need to see holistically all the time again we're seeing this more on the adset level but we can see all the the budgets that we're running in one place very important amount spent First Column every single time it's your most important metric next purchases I like to have the core so in this case the purchase and then I have the cost per purchase next purchase conversion value which is basically your Revenue purchase Ras or return on ad spend link click through rates followed by cost per click but not cost per click all it should be cost per link click that's very important cpms really a measure for how expensive advertising is for you really based on how great their brand is and how effective their marketing is it's really just important to understand is it trending in the wrong direction or the right direction is it staying flat Etc next piece is Impressions we always like to have a little gauge on how many people are we impressing how many times are our ads being seen and then we move on to reach which is just unique impressions for the most part frequency one of my most critically important metrics that I love to follow is the average number of times someone saw your ad is literally just taking your impressions divided by your reach this is such an important metric cuz it really gives you a gauge of am I overspending am I spending too much on the same people what's going on in this business and I can tell you just to show you an example here this here is one of our retargeting campaigns over a 30-day period the average person sees an ad 6.89 times I'm completely comfortable with that we want to retarget these people we want to get them to purchase but then take one of our primary prospecting campaigns a frequency of 2.93 over the course of 30 days this campaign is doing a really good job of getting out there finding new people for us at a lower frequency which is really important next piece is just add to cards and cost per add to cards to be honest with you I don't use these as much these are just guiding for me are we seeing good signals early with an ad are we seeing bad signal because in 99% of cases if you have a low cost per ad cart that's going to relay into a low cost per purchase for example you have a $6.88 cost per out cart here and it's actually one of our most effective cost per purchases here what you have to be a little bit careful of is if you know if you're just starting out you're not spending this much money don't just look at ad to carts as some sort of measure for Success it's just a guiding force something I like to look at that's the full recap on all the columns we'd like to set these columns fall into each ad set and ads you can see here the same thing that we have the ad sets actually fall down at the ad level as well all the same columns makes it really really easy for us to see everything and that's why we always set up our custom columns if you don't know how to set your custom columns click on the column set here scroll down to the bottom and just click customize columns once you're in there you'll be able to use everything that I just broke down for you feel free to just copy and paste the ones that I use generally n out of 10 times but most people should be using with a few exceptions as I mentioned how do we actually optimize our campaigns how do we optimize our adsets and how do we optimize our individual ads the first thing the most important thing when we think about advertising is where's the money going we're spending a lot of money where is it going where is it fling to First that always happens at the campaign level what we always want to do click on our columns and we're going to scroll down to compare attribution settings it's going to allow us to just see the click attributions what we like to do is Select 7day click and one day view this will then break these down you can see in this column here we have 524 purchases 326 198 equals 524 these two equal this 524 now you might notice here we want quite a high number of view through conversions now that's a little bit concerning what I like to do and this is the really core thing here if you're going to listen and take away one thing from this whole video it's this right here always optimize our campaigns based on the click data not on the view data here's why Facebook and Instagram are super good at slipping in at the last moment showing you an ad right before you were about to purchase you could be at the checkout about to buy hop on your phone for 2 or 3 seconds give it a couple Scrolls see an ad and then Facebook gets credit that's a viewr conversion now that's one of the worst examples but on the contrary a click conversion requires that you click on the ad and you go to the website technically it could be a click and an engagement the most important thing here is that you know for a fact someone didn't just scroll by your ad real quick and wasn't influenced by it if they made a click if they made an engagement on that ad that is at least an indication that they interacted and that that ad helped with the purchase definitively that's how I like to think about it what I want to do here is I want to look at these on a 7-Day click versus a 1day view you can see very clearly when we just look at this campaign we look at this whole account by overall cost per purchase if we go over to row as here and we just were trying to make optimizations based on our return on ad spend you probably consider pushing more into this campaign cuz it has a four return on ad spend and you definitely want to push into this campaign where has a 5.24 return on ad spend you want to pull out of this and reduce here and reduce here You' want to reduce budgets where your overall return on ad spend is lower and allocate to places that they're better this is a very common practice there's parts of this that are true however you're going to do this a little different now instead of just moving all your budgets around you're actually going to look at the 7-Day click conversions and then move your budgets according to that what we can see here is according to our 7-Day click this campaign here despite having one of the lowest return on ad spend overall has one of the best 7-Day click return on ad spend that to me is a really strong indication that we should be spending more money into that collection very quickly and where should we be pulling that from I think it's obvious we should be pulling from this campaign here a very high view through conversion rise and a very low click-through conversion rise we're shifting money using the 7-Day click what's cool about this is you don't actually just need to do this on Ras you can do the same exact thing on a cost per Purchase cost per purchase is usually the easiest way to optimize same thing here this has the highest cost per purchase by $5 or so it's pretty rough from that perspective but look how drastically better it is compared to all of these costs per purchase on the 7-Day click it blows away almost everything the only one that it's close to is this top campaign here very quickly we're going to want to allocate about 10 20% cash away from these bottom performing campaigns number one number two and number three here and we're going to want to push it into this campaign at about 10 to 20% increments every few days until it balances back out again usually what we'll see when we do that is yes we'll see this one campaign cost per purchase go up so we'll see it going a little bit in the wrong direction when we're giving it and feeding it more budget immediately overall the account will get a little bit better we'll see a $2 to5 reduction in cost per purchase which is a significant deal when you're spending 70 100 $200,000 per month that is the campaign level anything you're doing at the campaign level could generally happen at the adset level if you're running a CBO Campaign which I know most people are running CBO campaigns then you could just sit back and let it do its thing here's what you need to do if you're running a CBO campaign and you're seeing one ad set get way too much spend let's take this example right here if this was a CBO campaign you might see few of these adsets get all the spend even though a few of the other adsets have higher return on ad spense and you might be tempted to say let me pause down this let me pause down this let me caus down this because they have higher cost per purchases or in this case using the row as metric you know they have worse return on ad spend there's a very specific reason why Facebook is actually spending your money in different audiences it's because it's influencing something along the way sometimes an ad is really good in the second position and you'll never know it what we are always hedging against is pausing down high spending adsets there's only one specific reason why you should pause down high spending adsets that are not returning for you let's say this adset right here as we scrolled through all of our column sets had a very very high click-through rate Let's Pretend this click-through rate was something like 4% and the rest of the account was 0.5% if that was the case it is such an outlier that Facebook's going to naturally think that this campaign is better than everything else it's going to allocate all the spend to it really really quickly because the signal that it's telling Facebook is that this is so engaging and it's going to convert equally what will have to happen is this campaign or this adset will have to get out of the learning phase and then once it gets out of the learning phase it will then recognize that oh even though the click theough rate's high it's not converting as well what we need to do is we need to get ahead of that we can't wait for 25 purchases every single time we make a change cuz to be honest we'd always be sitting in the learning phase and we never get ahead of the algorithm right that would really hurt us what we need to make sure is we're always checking our click D rates and our cpcs if we see a huge difference in this and that's a really strong indication hey maybe this is a time when we can pause down this adset if this had a very low return on ad spend which would be right here and it had a very high click through rate and it was spending a lot then yes I would not have a problem pausing this St moving on to our actual ads inside this one ad set how do you decide which ads to kill and which ads to keep first the very easiest way to think about this is you always want to keep the highest spending ads unless they're really truly not converting at a click-based level this exactly this works so well cuz we just did a big round of optimizations here you could see actually pause two of our top four ads the number one and number two ad are doing very very well from a click base and a view base in terms of cost per purchase and in total number purchases and in total volume these two ads have driven a collected $27,000 of a total of $664,000 across this entire ad set what I'm a little concerned about and why we paused and sat down was right here is if you look at the return on ad spend not only is it low on a view it's low on a click much lower than our average on so what we went ahead and did was we're pausing the worst click base converting ads that have very low spend and not high return on that spend we scroll all the way down to the bottom here you can see that a lot of these were showing signal of really they weren't going to pick up that's just the truth of it they were all spending 20 3040 $50 it adds up if you think about it we're not driving the adequate purchases that we need we saw a couple possible winners down here so we see these three ads which we kept live they were only spending $50 or so over the last 30 days they're really truly Autumn feeders they're not doing that much for us you know they drove a few purchases there's really no harm in just letting these run for a little bit longer and seeing if they do pick up the thing that we don't want to get ahead of ourselves on is we never want to take these ads these driving ads these are like four of this entire ad set maybe even the core of this account if we pause these down think about how drastic of a change that is to the entire adset to the entire campaign to the entire algorithm that can fundamentally change where all the money goes now Facebook has to distribute an extra six or more thousands of dollars to different ads quickly cuz you're not saying hey go spend this money over time you're saying go spend this money right now because this is a daily spend Target that you have set so we have to be very careful whenever we're adjusting ads especially when we're adjusting our top ads if you got value out of this video or if you have any questions let me know in the comments below I try to reply to everything and I will see you all in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l63
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l63
  2. @danielyossef1165 [1 likes]: incredible - earned that sub fair and square, keep going man
  3. @AutoNaRovinu [1 likes]: This video is such a forward-thinking gem! Optimizing Facebook Ads sounds like it's going to be quite the adventure in 2025. I love how the strategies keep evolving along with the platform. Can't wait to hear about the new tricks and techniques that will keep us ahead of the curve! Thanks for sharing these insights. Anyone else excited about leveraging these strategies for their future campaigns?
  4. @qalivlogs8894: Super value ❤
  5. @MarkoZahorodni-w9y: Hello, how do you manage to have that low CPMs with purchase conversion campaign. Mine start around 45usd, is it about optimization and spending enough money or?
  6. @VictoriaWest-w3e9m: Really appreciate the emphasis on evolving strategies for 2025, especially with the platform constantly changing. Any advice on adapting to future privacy updates and minimizing data loss? Perhaps a video on cookieless tracking methods would be great!
  7. @Kara-x8g: Really appreciate the forward-thinking approach to Facebook ads in 2025! Considering the constant algorithm updates, what are your thoughts on the increasing importance of first-party data for ad personalization and targeting in the coming years? I'm curious to hear how businesses can effectively leverage their own data to stay ahead.
  8. @vivek.gaitonde: Do you have any suggestions on or have you created a tutorial on choosing ad sets for the campaigns?
  9. @MdTajulIslam-i1x8e: Brilliant breakdown!
  10. @MałgorzataSobczak-q5s: ty for the video
  11. @the1bradclark: Okay, I’ve watched most of your videos. Which do you recommend for someone launching his first Meta ads campaign?
  12. @10cooltech90: which means based on CPA, cpa decide to spend more or less, on or off.
  13. @ellinahopkin: Which country you are targeting as cpms are very low or their are any trick to get this low cpm
  14. @HồViệt-d4o: Your roas is so high
  15. @sanyatrunya: Good video! 

But to be completely honest August 2024 was probably the last actually strong month before Meta introduced so many updates and had so many major outages that it is like showing 2020 results…
  16. @a.mohamedrifai: Hi, I notice you're using cost per result as your bidding strategy for some ad sets. When do you choose cost per result bidding, and when do you opt for the highest volume bid instead?
  17. @maxpachucki6435: What sort of accounts do you use to hit <$10 CPM?
  18. @1983baubau: Hi Sam! Thanks for the vids, they've been super helpful! Question, when you continuously add new ad sets + new creatives within the same CBO campaign, do you increase your daily budget every time? Or can you keep the same budget? Maybe because I'm working with a lower budget of around 50-60USD a day, i noticed my adsets really getting squeezed for views, and some ad creatives within the adsets are approved but not even running. Wondering if its due to my small daily budget? Love to get your thoughts on this, thanks!
  19. @Storiesfromkanto: For e-com that cost per results are way too big.
  20. @girishroman7386: Do you have  a  IG profile

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- How To Make [VIRAL] Facebook & Instagram Image Ads In 6 Mins.: Kind: captions Language: en studying massive Brands like mudwater Lululemon and ag1 and that's when I realized they all have something in common all of these major brands with massive marketing budgets are running image ads and that's why I figured hey if all of the biggest brands in Ecom are using image ads I need to implement this into my own brand so that's exactly what I did and you can see all the results that I got from actually doing this my cost per purchase went down my cpms went down everything started working a lot better and for a lot longer I think image ads are extremely underrated they're three times on average cheaper than video apps if you're not testing them out in your Ecom brand you have to be doing this so in this video I'm going to walk through my exact strategy on how I crank out image ads all right let's get right into it today I'm going to walk you through my step-by-step process on how I crank out a ton of image ads extremely easy with little to no thought actually put into them I'll show you my thought process on creating High converting image ads and then I'll actually demonstrate this and we'll build one live together so like I was saying before about the top Ecom brands in the space all running image ads with their massive marketing budgets that indicates that these are extremely successful and really underrated cuz most people are using video and on top of all of that it also means that they've been testing image ads for a long time so they know what kind of templates in copy actually work therefore all we have to do is just copy what they're doing but with our own flare so that brings me to the first step on how I create image ads so creative OS is one of the tools that I use they took the same main idea that I did and they said if there's top performing Ecom Brands spending all this money on marketing to test for us let's copy them and then provide this as a service so that's exactly what creative os does and if you want a free trial you can check them out I'll throw the link Down Below in the description but this is my go-to software to use for ideation cuz I'm not that creative I'm not a great graphic designer I'm essentially a oneman team here in my Ecom brand so I I need a little bit of help here so going on the back end of the platform we've got ad templates email templates and landing page templates and again these are all scraped from the top Ecom brands that have done all of this testing and work for us so the premise here is that you can scroll through and use any of these image ads that the top brands are using copy them into canva or figma and then replace with your own image or copy and then boom you've got your own great looking image ad and you can do all of this without having to be creative or a good graphic designer the product that we're going to use as an example is going to be this image right here it's a solo wave uh red light therapy wand it's just easy to copy and paste this and implement it into a lot of templates but ideally you'd want to do this with your own product right in your own product images so I'm going to add a filter on here and then click on features and benefits cuz I think that's the main one that we want to kind of promote or create an image out around a test I'm just going to go with this one right here uh we we could definitely replace this with our own image and then have all these different icons and copy on the left side so what we're going to do now is we're going to copy into canva just click the canva button and then use template for new design so it's got the inspiration template up top and then down below is where you actually edit your own image ad so what we first need to do is obviously replace the image because we need to bring our own product in here so we're going to copy this one we're going to paste it into canva and the first thing that we're going to do here is actually remove the background we want to show just the product similar to what they're doing up here then we might add like a light little Shadow here as well so let's get this place placed up correctly here and make sure that nothing is overlapping then what we're going to do next is add that shadow and try to get it to look a little bit you know correct sometimes canva can be a little iffy with shadows so I think what they're doing is a backdrop type of Shadow so we're going to do the same thing um but we're going to change the direction to match theirs which I think is like this the intensity could be a little lower we're going to have it like a little bit floating direction we're going to leave right here the blur amount I think that looks pretty similar there's his tight onto the product but I think this is fine it's kind of like a floating version of the product here and the reason that we're adding that shadow I think it just adds a little bit depth we could add stuff onto the background too if we want to take from a different template and plug it into here but now we've got the image placed in here edit it up background's removed now the next thing that I like to do is the headline the headline in my opinion from what I've noticed is the most important thing in the image ad it's the first place that a potential customer's eyes are going to go to therefore we need to make a really bold statement here we need to capture their attention and if it's the only thing that they read we want it to be the headline I think testing marketing angles in terms of advertising is one of the most if not the most important thing in terms of overall marketing so we need to come up with a strong marketing angle here for this product and that's where the second tool that I use comes into play there's also a free trial for Dropout AI as well I'm just showing you guys the exact process that I go through because I'm again I'm not really a creative person so I rely on tools and so what we're going to do here is plug in our product name in the description of the product so now I've plugged in red light therapy wand and then I said the emphasis is to reduce skin irritation redness and blemishes and now what we're mainly looking for today is marketing angles for that headliner we might come back and pull a couple other things for the copy on the left side as well but for now we're just going to hit generate and then we can see if there's any strong marketing angles that we want to use so what it came up with was say goodbye to unwanted spots and hello to clear your skin feels like magic wand I kind of like that perfect for the days when your skin feels angry imagine waking up with the skin that loves you back I kind of like that one the best that's a pretty strong marketing angle there I think that would capture my attention at least and I think it's a pretty strong headline that I'd want to test out so we're to copy that and go back into canva we might have to adjust this a little bit but we're going to paste it in here let's play around with this a little bit and see what we can do here I'm going say imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back so I think I want to change the way this is laid out and make this part smaller and then this kind of like the main header and then the subheader is this underneath it so we're going to take that here we're going to capitalize all those letters all right so we're adding this subheader portion here and then we're going to reduce to size maybe to like 40 okay we're going to pump it up there to 46 and kind of align it right there I think we're going to lower this just a smidge okay imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back that's our headline for right now and we might change the background here to kind of emphasize this a little bit more now we need to add the icons in here and change the copy and we want this copy to actually enhance our marketing angle so it's waking up with skin that loves you back so we're thinking nourishment healthy skin plump really rejuvenated Feeling by using our product so what we're trying to do here is do a mix of backing up the marketing angle but also listing the features and describing our product a little bit so our first statement that we're going to say is reduces Fine Lines we're going to copy the same format of this ad and actually say how our product does this so This is actually not like a product I'm selling but I'm just going to make up some statistics or like some features of this product just for the sake of the example all right so that's what we're going to say for this one we need to change the icon here so probably something with like a light bulb so we're going to go into the element section and type in light bulb we're probably going to do all black and white for these uh actually I don't know I kind of want to do like a little bit of color here to make it pop since we have a white background right now but the problem with colored icons is they call kind of need to match to some extent so it's a little bit more difficult unless you've got like an icon pack or something like that but let's change this one and just use this icon here and we're going to replace it right there and we're still going to be formatting and adjusting these later but let's just get these figured out first we're going to need to move this down just slightly just to give a little bit of space in between those so now the second thing that we're going to add as kind of our subheader of you know what the features are of the product so I looked up some features of what this product actually does and there's a galvanic current I don't even know if I'm saying that right we're going to plug that in there and then copy the second part here obviously this is all dependent on your product right of what the features are of your own but we're going to add this right here give a little description of that scoot this over here then we're going to need an icon for that one as well and then honestly we're not going to do a fourth running out of space here cuz we're getting pretty descriptive so we're going to scoot this one up take this one move it down a little bit and then let's separate these three we'll make them a little bit more even later on but for now we just going to change this let's do like a current here so Graphics let's see I need like a like electricity kind of thing maybe like a zap like a lightning could be good we could also match the vibe of this product right so we can change the color go into here we can pull this exact type of pink let's get this about the same size as the other icons align those a little bit better maybe pull it up a bit here let's quickly grab in the last one that we want to do so we're going to do facial massage here from their description okay so now we got facial massage we've got the other description in here and we're going to pull another icon let's just type in facial and see what we boom easy for this one let's maybe do like a different color we might do a blue okay I think that is good enough it's I wish this was a little more bold actually maybe we can use one of these let's use this one instead we're going to change the color of this one and we're going to make it blue and we're going to match to about the same size as the other ones here give or take so now we need to obviously kind of format these cuz there's a little bit too much space in between each one or the space is not actually equivalent to each other now all of them are 43 pixels away from each other now let's make sure these are all in the same place in comparison to the description on the right side all right so those are looking pretty aligned here and then we can obviously change anything that we want to make it a little more branded to our specific brand such as fonts coloring all those types of things and to even add a little more texture here I might go back onto creative West and actually pull a background from a different company and then use that one all right let's click on this one right here I think this nice pink gradient could be good for the product that we're selling and I do like their fonts and I like the colors that they've got going on here so we're going to use that as inspiration so let's take this from canva and paste it back on our other one here with this nice gradient now we're going to want to change these to White I think it'll pop a little bit more so we're going to change all and so this one let's see what kind of font they're using they're using this fredoka font with an effect on it and so the effect is an outline and it's a black outline let's see if that actually looks pretty good with ours yeah we're going to change all of these yep it's looking a little more bubbly I like it a little bit better and now we're going to change this to the effects and we're going to outline and then we're going to do black like they did I think it pops a lot more actually so we're going to do that for all of these real quick okay so now we got all those done we need to also copy this kind of I would say like you know separation between the headline like this should be like more bold than this in my opinion so in order to do that we can do a couple things we can add a line underneath it we can make it bigger I think the first thing we're going to try is just making this bigger and see if that looks good honestly I don't mind it let's try to put that for all of these let's try 46 so I still don't think the headlines fully stand out so we're going to try an underline here to see if that works um a little bit better I don't think I really like that that much so we might just add a [Music] line so what we're actually going to do to separate them is actually just take the box from the other one from the other template that we're using and plug it in right here and then separate them a little bit all right so I reduced the size of this a little bit and added the backgrounds to it I think it looks a lot cleaner and it's not as cluttered as before we move the icons over a little bit we should probably change the color of this one though let going to go with another yellow maybe or even a black uh I think I like yellow so we're going to leave that one as yellow we're going to leave the light bulb here and the facial massage there so this is looking pretty good for this we can scoot it up maybe just a smidge let's see how that looks I think that's a pretty strong headline there it showcases the product here are the features of the product we can even add arrows here pointing to the different areas of the product if we wanted to which I see a lot of major Ecom Brands doing so let's add a few of these in here and see how it looks it might be too cluttered but we're going to just try and see how it kind of looks here we'll never know I mean honestly so far I don't think it's too cluttered I don't know if I like these arrows in here just cuz they're all poting the same exact way if we had this in the center and this kind of populated around it then I think the arrows would make more sense we're actually going to reduce those and keep it a little bit more simple so now we're essentially done with this image ad and we're good to go and test it out we just took a couple different elements from two different ad templates here a little bit of this one with more placement in the structure we took more of the copy styling and coloring from this ad and put them together to create this one now this ad is ready to go and start testing this is how easy it is to crank out so many of these image ads as long as you have your product photo and know what kind of copy that you want to write in your marketing angles if you've got all of those aligned you can just crank out so many different ads on all all of these templates on Creative OS which just allows you to take all of this creativity from these big brands that have a large marketing budget which we don't have let them do all the heavy lifting and then you just copy and paste it add your own flare to it with your own ads and then boom you're good to go so this is my personal process on how I create image ads that actually convert I don't create them from scratch I just copy the big Brands and then add my own product image and copy and essentially like my own flare to them and kind of morph together a couple different templates you guys should definitely try out image ads for your brand if you haven't already it's a lot cheaper again it's three times cheaper on average than video ads which is really really helpful to scale especially during quarter 4 when ad costs are typically higher all right guys thank you for watching I hope this was really helpful for you guys let me know if you have any more questions about my strategies or want to see more videos like this in the future and of course if you got any questions just leave them down below in the comment section and of course if you want to join my mentorship get a free custom store three live coaching calls a week all completely for free I'll have that link Down Below in the description as well all right guys again thank you for watching and I'll see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessadesign93 [65 likes]: Just letting you ALL KNOW, that not only this website service is expensive, but it also makes it incredibly hard for you to cancel the subscription. Companies with those practices, are not worth your time.
  2. @AustinRabin [10 likes]: Hope this video helps you guys scale up using image ads! Don't forget to get your free custom store and mentorship here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @Marketingparalatinos_ [4 likes]: I think so too! I’m
Using images and are working for my client
  4. @vanessadesign93 [3 likes]: I requested by email to cancel my subscription because this website doesn't give you an option to cancel, and nobody replied, so now I was charged! Does anyone know what else can I do?
  5. @grantfarrell6451 [1 likes]: Can this be done in video mode ads ??
  6. @ManonMoreau-l7m [1 likes]: Great video! Really enjoyed the content
  7. @alexidornigie4599: It depends.
  8. @Encryptra: thank rabin
  9. @stevenbazan9681: great  info thank you
  10. @AnandMirdha-z9x: ❤❤
  11. @bestcitywalkz: you're making a huge assumption that those brands are trying to get sales off image ads.  Giant brands like Coca-cola can spend millions just on "brand awareness" campaigns.  Doesn't mean you should copy that strategy, unless you have millions set aside for "awareness".
  12. @Aqwal_al3oulama: what u putting music into your video this is very disturbing next!!
  13. @Cashfloww-h9t: I bought the plan on glitching and i can’t generate digital products
  14. @ATL-gb3ub: Awesome work!!!
  15. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Solid tips on image ad creation! I'm curious, what are your thoughts on A/B testing different image styles within the same campaign to optimize for performance?
  16. @learning11-d3g: Austin are you also running DPA ads?
  17. @colinatx19: Great ideas. Thank you
  18. @inspsto: that's what I needed !
  19. @LuciaMills-k2y5p: great info thank you
  20. @upadhyayrohit420: fonts me hag dia bhai tu

- Facebook Ads Image Size: Get More Conversions With Proper Optimization: Kind: captions Language: en this is something that i think many facebook advertisers completely overlook and ignore but i know for myself personally it has had a huge huge positive impact on my facebook ads performance and conversions and that is facebook ads image size optimization so when you create a new ad on facebook you quickly end up at this screen to select media crop for placements and that is because depending on where the ad is ran there are different optimal sizes for that placement so when we look at this we can see for stories in reels apps and sites the optimal size is a ratio of 9 to 16. so a tall rectangle for feeds in stream videos overlay ads and reels the optimal size is one to one a square and then for right column search results uh in instant articles the optimal size is a wide rectangle at 1.91 to 1. but when we upload an image we are just uploading one image and to be quick and to kind of move through things quickly i know a lot of marketers just kind of you know skim over this and click next maybe they'll you know click on this and try to move something around or they'll say hey you know does it look better in 9 16 to 1 can i find a better crop for it no i can't so i'll just go original but there is a lot a lot a lot a lot of meat left on the table by not optimizing and creating ads or images for ads in all of these sizes so in this case here i uploaded a square one to one and that's typically the ad that i'll start with but now when i you know look at it on this screen and we go for our 9 to our 9 to 16 our tall rectangle i see okay we really don't have a good crop here so what this means and what i'll do is i'll go back to the drawing board and then i'll come back here and create a new ad and i'll put in the right dimensions or create a new image putting in the right dimensions i'll multiply by a thousand so it's going to be uh one nine one hundred nineteen ten by a thousand all right override the current graphic excuse me i just did that wrong i made a wide rectangle we're going for a tall rectangle so it's going to be a thousand by nine right so here's my tall rectangle so now i'll come back here and i'll find a picture that fits i need to find a picture that fits in a tall rectangle or maybe this doesn't work right so what i'll do is i'll go and let me see if i can find the picture i can't find that same picture i probably can't find it quickly might do something like i don't know let's just go to that but that i guess that kind of works actually that picture works you know i'll find another picture that works and do this like that right so that works obviously i have to resize my text that may have been too large yeah so let's shrink it all down right and i'll go on and i will create an image for each one now uh what if right what if i want to use that same image and in this case i couldn't use that same image because i couldn't find it at least i couldn't find it quickly well what we could do in that case is we can just kind of put the image down below and then have the text up top so uh let's go graphics on this actually let's go to background color we'll set it all to black okay so we got that and if we go graphics and then photos kids eating we're just gonna select a random one here right rather than stretching it to fit the whole thing i might just do this and use that as our tall rectangle here in facebook ads so rather than you know assume i didn't find that image i was going to reuse the same image i might just make this image in a tall rectangle and the difference that we have above it i'll use that to put my caption or i could put that below the image and then i'll go through and i'll create a wide rectangle and aside from cropping which you can do you can also replace so you can select a different image so let me just show you here you know we see that our wide rectangle isn't going to be very good because we're not getting the actual kids in there right we can just come here and replace this and select a different image and i just put this one in here as a wide rectangle example right so now we're using the original images no cropped and we're creating them to be formatted and to look good at all of these different aspect ratios in doing this can just create huge huge huge huge returns i'm talking like doubling or tripling your ad performance as opposed to just you know having this which kind of looks funky right in each one or clicking original facebook's going to see that they're like all right that isn't optimized for my user at this device i'm going to show them or i'm not going to give preference to this ad over ads that we could run that are optimized so yeah coming through here creating individual image sizes and optimizing the image size for the specific facebook ad placement can result in for me it personally has resulted in huge huge ad performance what has been your experience with facebook ads image size optimization try it out and then let me know in the comments below that's a wrap on this one guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @sfl1986 [4 likes]: you said double performance if you do this. Where are you taking that data from? One upside of optimizing for story and not going directly with the square format is when using square, instagram automatically adds up the copy below the pic on stories .Curious to know if u actually split tested optimizing image vs just square for all and if it really was double the ROAS
  2. @RasheedOluwaseun [1 likes]: What app are using to edit?
  3. @TheWaqaspuri [1 likes]: in 2024 Facebook Ad. it doesn't show up Replace button to Upload more sizes.
  4. @anisalamov361 [1 likes]: Insightful video! But how were you able to select a completely different image ad for 'Right columns, search results, instant articles,' wouldn't that be a different ad at that point?
  5. @WeStudyFunnels: ### Learn by reverse engineering live funnels! Get Daily Funnel Breakdowns at https://westudyfunnels.com
  6. @Neelima....: Tool name please
  7. @SnareTrapSurvive: I dont see any of  this when creating an ad. There is no option for me to see 3 sizes
  8. @phillmudvayne: Thank you mate! I was looking for a way to do for ages!!
  9. @paulmartinez123ministries3: What’s the best software to help change ratios and resolutions?
  10. @solomonaregbe9994: Thank you for his Video.

Please can you make 4.5 square fb feed image  for me. I have an idea of exactly what i want. And i am willing to pay for you time. let me know
  11. @Stephane_Verret: Such a simple idea, yet so powerful! Big thanks for this video man, I just finished three ads that are SO much better this way!!

- Facebook Ad Images   Tips To Make FB Ads Convert!: Kind: captions Language: en hey what's going on guys dino gomez here welcome to another episode of dynamic 365 your online roadmap for starting managing and growing your own SEO and internet marketing company alright so today we got a really quick short episode for you guys we're going to show you guys how to setup and use and optimize facebook add images so that you can increase conversions and get the most bang for your buck when you're setting up those facebook ads all right so if you guys haven't seen our other videos we'll go ahead we'll leave a couple links underneath this video but check out our Facebook Ads training it's basically 10 minute video that show you guys it shows you guys how you can set up facebook niche targeting ads for any industry literally in 10 minutes time alright so that's an important video make sure you go through that training what we're going to show you guys here right now is a cool online free image editing software ok and then we're going to cover a couple tips and tricks when it comes to actually choosing the right image and including some text in your image when you run Facebook ash ok so but no further ado let's jump over to my computer and we'll get into it right now alright [Music] guys we're over here at my computer we're going to show you how to set up super powerful facebook images that you're going to use in your advertisements okay so the first things first head over to big stock photo com that's where we like to grab some of our photos that we use in our different marketing and SEO campaigns I so like we said in the previous video we're looking for we're setting up an ad for that la jolla yoga studio calm and that's what we were using in the previous example so we want a matching add image because we're going to try and drive leads to this new to our clients new yoga studio that's in la jolla california so we're looking at yoga photos you know these ones look good we already have them saved once you pick out a photo on big stock go ahead and download it to your computer we've already done that step to save you guys time so that's step number one find a photo to use as a general rule of thumb photos that are colorful photos of women and photos that are funny tend to perform the best in facebook ad campaigns okay and what we like to do is we like to find a photo almost like this one it feels a little bit more colorful where there's a lot of space on the left hand side there where you could write some add coffee something like this as well there's a lot of space to you know fit an ad copy this one's a little bit busy it would be harder to have text on this one because of so many different colors and there's not really free space so keep that in mind a photo that allows you a little bit of space throwing some coffees is good okay so that's step one grab your photo step two is head on over to pick monkey calm okay so this is what we use as a free photo editing software picmonkey.com these guys are awesome I have funny images on their site you know it's good alright so click on edit pull up a photo to use to edit we've already saved some to our computer here so that one a couple off into the air so we're going to use this first one okay so here we go so here is the image that we want to use for our Facebook ad you guys we said we're promoting this new gym in la jolla california the gym is giving away free 7 day pass to come try out their new studio ok so the one rule you gotta know is with facebook ads you can only have text that takes up twenty percent of the ad ok so your text the amount of space your text text up in the ad can only be twenty percent so keep that in mind you can't just cover your whole image with with texts Facebook won't allow it over here on the left though you can click on this right here which is text we're going to click on that we're going to go down to our favorite font which is ultra I'm going to click add text you might say something like brand new oh yeah and we already know that this ad is going to be shown to people that just live in la jolla that have shown an interest in fitness and physical activity so we know something some text like this is gonna going to kind of you know spark some curiosity people are always going to wonder out what's this new health club about which is new yoga studio about so that's why we're going with that text there and here we can change the color to make sure it stands out as well I mad and then that it looks uh looks good I play around with this is it adjust it a little bit so that looks good so if this was just imagine if this was in your facebook news feed with that grabbed your attention most likely all right so that's how that's something that's a question you can ask yourself that looks good so we like the way all that now another cool trick is to added another image on top of this image a smaller one to add some type of overlay that is going to complement this image more and kind of what you're offering so in this example member we're offering a free 7 day pass to this health club so if we had some type of visual element that suggested you can immediately get a free pass you know that's going to help click through rate from the ad itself and that's going to help people visually understand real quickly what's being offered here and that's what we want ok so what we what we want to do is we want to have some type of free pass image so people know if they click on this ad they going to get a free pass to this what looks like a really nice new studio and what so you can go back over to big stock you can type in something like click here I mean this is if you're going to use a click here button as an overlay we can type in something like free pass see if they have any like free pass type images now when you do an overlay image make sure it is a PNG okay the PNG images they have no white space in the background there already kind of cut out for you so it's real simple to use it as an overlay and it's not going to have that ugly white space around it words it's super obvious to overlay okay but here's some options we're going to snag this one here that looks good we'd already downloaded it to our computer so we're going to use that as an overlay we're going to head back over to PicMonkey when it can we go to the left hand side and we are going to click on overlays now picmonkey they offer you some free overlays that you can you know that you can use the kind of corning stuff we don't tend to use them but at the top here you can click on your own and it'll give you the option to upload your own overlay so that's what we're going to do just scroll down click on free pass and click on open alright boom so we have our overlay image I go ahead and make this a little bit bigger there it is it looks pretty cool it looks pretty sharp you can kind of play around with it see where it's going to look best you can put it around your neck for a second see how that looks okay that looks really terrible not gonna do that we can try it down here in the corner that's also pretty good except the way the images it's just cut off and floating but I mean that would work that looks good I mean looking at this image now to be very easy for you to understand that you get a free pass since new yoga studio so that's what we're after but we're actually going to move this up here so that it works with the image hood and that looks that looks good it's hanging off hanging down right there free pass brand new yoga studio boom alright so there's our image so from here we would just click Save and we would go ahead we would save this image to our desktop or to another folder on our computer and then when we're back in facebook we're doing our Facebook ads and we're setting this up over here we would upload images and we're going to upload we're gonna upload this image that we just saved to our computer and bam now we're going to have a congruent facebook image that matches the advert going after you know we utilize our twenty percent of text so we're under twenty percent that definitely doesn't take up one fifth of the total image space and and doing this doing these little things it's gonna make a huge difference in your address form it's okay because people mostly pay attention to the image and so and that's why you want to add in all the little text and an overlay as you can alright so that's it guys that's all you have to do I mean that literally took us a couple minutes to set up that that image you saw the previous video we hope where we show you in seven minutes about seven minutes how you can set up a Facebook ad that's extremely targeted to drive leads for your clients businesses and practices and also to drive leads for your own marketing control business gift all right so that's all we have you right now let us know what your thoughts questions comments are down below and then we'll look out you guys in the next video here at dynamic 365 all right you

- Make VIRAL Image Ads For Facebook Only Using Canva: Kind: captions Language: en creating image ads for Facebook or Instagram is probably one of the most underrated things to do in the Ecom space there's obviously a reason that so many of the top brands utilize image ads over video ads just to prove this to you even doing a quick search on the Facebook ad Library let's do Lulu Lemon right here scrolling down here of all the active ads image ad image ad image ad image ad image ad let's look at athletic greens which is a really popular nutrition brand image ad we got one video image ad image ad image ad IM you get the point right all of these top brands that are performing in the Ecom space are utilizing image ads so why are they doing this well it's because image ads are way cheaper to run on Facebook and Instagram than videos everyone is trying to post videos right now to grab that attention but the thing is video ads are so common on these platforms now that image ads are kind of the scroll stopping things people take their time to look at an image ad and read it because they're so used to these crazy stimulating videos that really took over from like 2018 to 2022 is but I can tell you I've been using image ads for the past 4 years or so now and they are without a doubt my most profitable campaigns you can see here this month was spent $330,000 cost per result on these image ads $7.98 $6.50 $8 the list goes on and on right it's way cheaper to run image ads it just is the cpms are extremely low $5 $4 $4.95 and yes these are conversion campaigns so you get the point about image ads and why I like them so much why the top brands like them so much but I'm here today to to show you the easiest way to crank out image ads at the top level of quality because in theory similar to video ads it's kind of hard to come up with Concepts film the content get product photos make sure it looks nice the text doesn't overlay and all that stuff right so let me break down and show you an example of my strategy on how I crank out 10 image ads an hour that way you guys can also be rapidly testing image ads cycling through products whether you're running an Ecom store Drop Shipping Store or you're working for a brand so the software that I use is called creative OS it's used by Jackson chains you know the gold chain brand it's also used by Aviator Nation Emma Chamberlain's brand Chamberlain coffee and there's a reason why they're all using it it makes this whole process so much easier for creating image ads they also have landing pages as well that you can copy the templates on but we're not going to talk about that today we're focus on creating image ads and how rapidly you can crank them out so once you log in you can go into the static ad section here and look through all of the ads that they have available there's already over a th000 templates on here and they're adding 10 a day and what creative os does is they scrape the top performing image ads on Facebook at the moment and they recreate the templates for you so you don't have to go look on Facebook ad library and find a bunch of Brands and then try to recreate them yourself they do all that for you you just copy and paste your product images in your own copy so let me show you how it works if you like this image ad right here and you want to use it for your product you can either copy it into figma or canva either one it's up to you whatever one you like to use canva is the easiest one obviously and then you're going to go down to use template for new design and now it's going to give you the example template that they use and then everything laid out for you exactly how they did in that template so so all you have to do now is populate those with your own images and text let's recreate one together to see how exactly you could do this with your own brand so I'm going to see if I can grab this image from Olie vitamins here copy the image let's see if it pastes into canva well uh yeah that'll work so we're going to resize the image delete this we're going to delete the background now we're going to pop in our own image obviously this is OE and not my product but this is just an example throw it to the section that you want go all the way to the back because we want those comments to show we're going to need to restructure this a little bit and we'll put this up in the middle here we can actually resize any of these as we want as well so now we plugged in our image we obviously want to change the background and some text on some stuff so let's change this to a color that would match nicely maybe like a deep red color yep think that looks good now zoom in a little bit here Lisa P that's fine it's the same name you can say whatever you want obviously for your brand best vitamins out there all right so you get the point you can change all of the comments this maybe want to change the color as well to another deep red or like a white to PO uh I think probably a deep red looks a little bit better just for an example and then boom you are done with your image ad but obviously you want to tighten it up a little bit let's say like move this to a little bit smaller to make it fit better pull this back over boom you can do that with all of them and give it some Dimension or change the sizes on anything and then you're good to go that's how easy it is then obviously just share this download it and then upload it right onto Facebook and you're good to go so that's why I like using this is because they do a lot of scraping for you it's just a lot easier than trying to come up with your own Concepts or ideas and they have some like different ones that people have been testing out on Facebook obviously some of them are more experimental if they haven't if you haven't seen this ad before but that can be a good thing too right you don't always want the exact same ad as everyone else so they also have landing page templates what I was talking about earlier you can do the exact same thing but with landing pages so first you just copy them into figma same as before paste it in there edit with your own product images in your copy and then use a plugin to move it over to your Shopify store and they've got a great converting landing page from the top brands so I just wanted to share how I use canva and creative OS to create image ads extremely quickly and really effectively so it's definitely something worth trying if you want to try out image ads or you've been looking for an easier way to create image ads all right that's it for the quick little tutorial I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @dave48064 [6 likes]: This is gold. Thank you very much!
  2. @AustinRabin [3 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy this quick and easy method to copy the top image ads! Don't forget to grab a free custom store and course from me here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @khittikalnikom1546 [2 likes]: It depends on the market awareness and level of sophistication tho
  4. @djxete1987 [2 likes]: Thanks for the free value as always!
  5. @mohamedamineelidrissi7013 [1 likes]: I can't even contact the support team how is that supposed to be a good deal
  6. @brendancanuto3839 [1 likes]: Yo man, your editor are clean! I wonder where you got him?
  7. @Girls_findz [1 likes]: Is dropshipping possible on eBay?
  8. @mondaymatcha: THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
  9. @storeline-tw5cn: which platform did you use to find this statics ads bro?
  10. @rcronin1: thank you!
  11. @Metamorphosis-2222: Thank you for this to show pictures are good as well
  12. @Saintly2: Your title seems a bit misleading... You stated using Canva ONLY yet you immediately mention using something called Creative OS?! Hard to tell if I'm wasting my time watching your video if I have to get something other than Canva because you don't seem to ONLY be using that program. I really hate CLICKBAIT!
  13. @MiguelSanchez-vv3xp: How are you copying the ad though? i have the first plan, do i need the pro plan?
  14. @tisachristiana: Thanks for the info! I did this and Meta says my ad will not show on all devices because they are bigger than "4.5" Does anyone know how to fix this?
  15. @SantoshCheteSantoshChete: Your strategy with Canva rocks! When it comes to email verification, FilterBounce has been incredible for me.   The real-time verification API cuts out more than half of the usual fuss. I love that it maintains bounce rates under 1%, even with tricky domains. At $10/month with 300 free verifications, it is a no-brainer. Definitely consider trying this out!
  16. @Raj__Gaming-kf3vd: OMG, Canva simplifies ad creation so much! When it comes to cold emails, DoYouMail is a real bang for your buck.   High delivery rates and easy email ID creation make it a go-to for me. Unlimited domains and dedicated IPs help maintain reputation and scalability. At $40/month, it is a steal! Really worth experimenting with if you are serious about email marketing.
  17. @sabbilovaraju8341: Killer Canva walkthrough! For your email campaigns, do not sleep on FilterBounce.   They have an awesome real-time verification API that has worked amazingly well with tricky domains. The price is just $10/month and I have had 300 free verifications to start with. It is been a lifesaver in keeping my bounce rate down. You should definitely give it a try!
  18. @Golu_king_off__paswan__ji: Awesome tips on using Canva! For your emails, DoYouMail makes it super simple and effective.   I have found their automatic SPF DKIM DMARC configuration to be a lifesaver, ensuring my emails land where they are supposed to. The ability to handle unlimited emails from unlimited domains is a huge plus. You folks should definitely try it out!
  19. @arsh_rshi: Love how you broke down the Canva process for ads, Austin. For cold emailing, adding a tool like Mystrika can be a game changer.   Their detailed analytics and AI writing tools have really helped me craft the perfect messages. The seamless integrations and pay-once-use-forever deal are such a relief compared to monthly subscriptions. Totally worth checking out if you want to improve your email campaigns. Give it a shot!
  20. @denisesua7495: Hi 
Do you need a VPN when setting up your social media accounts and store... Let's say if you want to reach customers in the USA and you don't live in the US would you need a VPN to be able to reach them?

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en I cannot tell you how many brands come to me thinking that their ads are working when actually they're just reading the complete wrong signals. And let me tell you from personal experience, if you are looking at the wrong metrics, you may as well just throw your money down the drain. My name is Fraser. I'm one of the co-founders at Fraggle. We're a performance at creative agency and we have worked with hundreds of DTOC brands including Aloha, Nail Boo, Chomps, GOI, the list goes on. But most importantly, we've helped those brands drop their CPA by an average of 30%. In today's video, I'm going to show you the right way to evaluate your ads, and the four metrics that we use here at Fraggle every single day to do that for our clients. You'll learn what each one of them means, how to interpret them in your account, and also how to leverage them to make better calls. If you've ever secondguessed a decision in your ad account, then this video is perfect for you. It's going to turn you into someone that sits there and wonders, into someone that knows exactly what they're doing and makes smarter decisions. Now, let's get into things, shall we? Let's start with the first metric, possibly the most important one, CPA or CPL, depending on the type of ads that you're running. This is essentially your cost per acquisition or cost per lead. Basically, how much you are paying the platform to receive a sale. It goes without saying, this needs to be lower than the cost of your product. Essentially, your CPA tells you how profitable your funnel is. If your CPA is way overtarget and you're no longer profitable, then you have a bigger reason. But we need to delve into why your CPA is so high, and that's what the other metrics can help you understand. However, it is very important to understand your brand's economics to understand if your CPA is profitable or not. Setting up a simple profit and loss sheet is just one section of it. However, if you're like some of our clients where they're in retail as well as DTOC, then you have to think of CPA a little bit differently. For example, we have had ads in the past that have had an extremely high CPA, eye watering CPA, and all we did to bring that CPA down was change the hook. And the reason that worked is because the original hook was targeting the wrong customers. I.e. the people that were seeing the ad weren't the people who were going to buy the product. I always say this hook is your targeting. And often enough, that's the first thing that we change because it has such a dramatic effect on CPA. Because as soon as that ad is then being targeted to the right people because you've changed the hook, the CPA comes down because the people that are watching the video are way more qualified. And so that gives Meta or Tik Tok a better idea at who your perfect customer is. And then they show the ad to more people like that and so on so forth. This is why with all of the ads that we make at Fraggle, we start with one core video and then we split that into three other variations, giving us a total of four videos per angle. This will give you the best opportunity to find a winner. It allows you to compare the different changes. Was variation one with this hook better than variation three with the other hook? Think of it like a science experiment with the result being a better CPA. So remember, if your CPA isn't in target, your ad is failing. Now, the second metric, we touched on it just a second ago, is hook rate. This simply tells you, is your creative stopping the scroll? As brands, as advertisers, we're constantly battling for attention. That is basically what we're buying. And so, to grab that attention, we need a really good hook. And the hook rate is the best way to measure that. I actually did another video on how to set up your hook rate if you want to go and give that a watch. A low hook rate means that your opening visual, your opening line, your opening caption, whatever takes up the first three seconds isn't compelling enough to stop someone from watching. I often get asked, well, what's the ideal hook rate? That completely depends. Take Vibe for example. This is a tech product mostly aimed at B2B customers. It's a large investment. Their hook rate is completely different to New for example. The reason for that is both the price point, but also the customer. With Vibe, we normally have a much lower hook rate, but that doesn't matter because the CPA can be higher because it's a higher ticketed product and also the pool of people we're trying to attract is smaller. So for Vibe, perhaps a 15 to 25% hook rate is perfectly fine because we're attracting a small proportion of Facebook's audience. Whereas for Newer, which means we want to attract more people. We want to stop the scroll for more people. Hopefully that made sense. I said people quite a lot. So, there isn't really a set number of what I say your hook rate should be, but I say general rule of thumb, you want it to be between at minimum about 20 to 25% and at the top end, the highest you can possibly get is great. However, remember what I said before, your hook is your targeting. So, aiming for a very, very high hook rate is great, but it kind of crosses into clickbait territory. terrible example here, but I could put a picture of a naked lady on the screen and it would probably stop a lot of people. However, a small proportion of those would want my product. So, your CPA would end up being super high because it's costing you so much to show the ad to so many unqualified people. So, it's all about finding the right mix between a very well-crafted hook and a very well-targeted ad. Before we go any further, this portion of the video is sponsored by Omnisend. If you're running an e-commerce brand, the chances are you think you have email and SMS under control. You've got the flows, you've got the list, you've got the campaigns. But here's the truth. Most brands are leaving 30 to 50% of their email and SMS revenue on the table. Most are using some clunky tool that slows down the entire process or they're not optimizing their sends using smart segmentation. However, the real winners, they're using their email service provider as a growth engine. And that is where Omnisend comes in because not only is it the cheaper and the better option, it also automates what actually matters, delivers real insights that can help you directly improve your results and gives you a massive $68 back for every $1 that you spend. That is almost double the industry standard. And I can tell you from firsthand, having the right email and SMS provider is key to your brand's success. I've partnered with Omnisend and you get a massive 30% off your first 3 months if you use my code Fraser 30. There's a link in the description if you want to check them out. Honestly, Omnis is by far one of the best platforms out there and should be your goto. So, thanks Omnism for sponsoring the section of the video. Link down below to sign up and get 30% off your first 3 months. Back to the video. Now, the third metric that goes handinhand with hook rate is your hold rate. Once again, I've made a video on how you can set that up in your meta dashboard. Essentially, this is a retention signal. This means how many people got past the first 3 seconds. You can break this down further into how much of a percentage of the video that they watch. This really helps you get a much clearer picture of the video's retention. But as a whole, hold rate is another great metric to have on your dashboard to look at after your hook rate. Essentially, a low hold rate is telling you that your video wasn't engaging enough and it wasn't holding enough people. So, if you have a very high hook rate, but a very low hold rate, then you're great at attracting attention, but that wasn't necessarily the right attention, so they dropped off. This is where I see most brands struggling. They're very good at attracting attention, but holding it is a completely different cat of fish. Usually, this is a pacing issue or it's a structure issue or it's a creator relatability issue. I.e. the creator on the screen doesn't relate to your customer and so why would they bother watching it? This is what I often see with very traditional style UGC where it's a random person holding a product telling them how great it is. People don't really want to see that tab of content anymore. So, after the hook, they bounce. So, for example, if we look at this retention graph here, this is motion that I'm inside of here. What you're seeing here is a drop off after about 8 seconds or so. This is usually pretty normal. You're never going to have like a retention graph like you'd see on YouTube, for example. You are always going to have a large percentage of people drop off. However, quite a lot of people are sticking around till about 8 to 10 seconds or so. You can see by about 16 seconds, 9.6% of people are still watching. So, graphs like this can be really useful. You can actually get those in meta. It's just a little bit harder. It's not always there. Sometimes they decide to put it there. Sometimes they don't. So that's why I choose to use something like motion that gives me those insights all the time. Our goal here is to make ads that have a really high hook rate and a really high hold rate because both of those will equal out a lower CPA. Again, I can't give you a number of what that should look like on your account, but all I want to tell you is look at the average across your account and then try and beat it. Now, finally, metric number four is CTR, click-through rate. This essentially tells you how good your creative is at driving people away from the platform. You can look at CTR or you can look at outbound CTR if you want an even clearer view. Outbound basically means someone is clicking away from the platform because Facebook will count a click as someone clicking on to watch it in full. In basic terms, a low CTR means that people are watching the video, but they aren't motivated to click. Whereas a high CTR means that your video is doing a great job at driving people to click. And then if you look at your clickto purchase ratio as well, that's another metric that you can look at that tells you the percentage of people that have clicked from your ad then have gone on to purchase. Both very important metrics. Normally the things that affect this the most is the product. Is this a product that people actually want? Your offer. Is this an offer which is good enough to drive the click or just the CTA within the video? A lot of people don't even put CTAs in the video, which absolutely baffles me. At the end of the day, people are stupid and if you tell them what to do, there's a higher chance that they are going to do it. Again, when it comes to what your CTR should be, look at the averages on the account and try to beat it. But if I had to put a number on it, I'd say that when we're looking at ads that we make at Fraggle, we're normally looking to get from 1.9 to like 2.5, for example. However, we have seen some ads that are in the retargeting stage that have a crazy high click-through rate in like the 10%. So, wrapping up, by looking at all these metrics, your ad account will start to tell a story. You can start to see why it is costing you so much or so little to acquire a customer. At the end of the day, your goal is to sell your product for as cheap as possible. You don't want to be in the position where you're basically just swapping money with Facebook. So, in summary, your CPA tells you how profitable your ad is. Your hook rate tells you how good your ad is at attracting attention. Your hold rate tells you how good your ad is at holding attention. And finally, your click-through rate tells you how well your ad is getting people to act. Understanding and mastering how to read these metrics will make you a better advertiser and will make your ad creators in the future better. Everyone knows how to look at them and how to judge them, but do you know what to do after that? because that's what my agency, Fraggle, is really good at. So, if you happen to run a DTOC brand that's spending over 70,000 on ads, then I would love to have a conversation with you. Just scan the QR code on screen or click the link in the description to book a call with me and we can have that conversation. And if you want to go in a little bit deeper and see my strategy all the way from the top to the bottom, then check out my other video, which is a meta ad creative full guide. But until next time, I'll see you in the next video. Drop a subscribe, drop a like. See you later. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ajent7 [1 likes]: your subscribe button in the end of video says 4690 subscribers - you have 11k now - you havent changed in a while
  2. @failure4641 [1 likes]: Boss can you make a video. How to make a great Level  offer to make them purchase.  If this metrics are good❤❤. Anyway i found YOU  best one guy
  3. @dsutkus [1 likes]: Good video! I am looking more videos with topic: new video ad creative formats/ styles
  4. @LuxemShop: 5 minutes of advertising in 11 minutes is a lot
  5. @yzzto: Thank you.
  6. @mimididi8472: Very helpful thanks for sharing!!
  7. @SimplyRama22: People are stupid 🐸
  8. @nyaknife7778: Nice editing

- How To Analyze Facebook Ad Data The RIGHT Way - UPDATED 2025: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll show you how to analyze your Facebook ad metrics properly because most people are not doing it in the right way. They're still optimizing for clicks. They still optimizing for CPMs for totally wrong metrics. So, I want to show you how to do it the right way. And whether you're just starting out with your first ad campaigns or you already spent millions of dollars on ads like me, you will learn a lot from this video. So, number one thing when you come to your ad account, the most important thing that you need to have in place is the proper column setup. And most people have it wrong. they don't have the visibility on the right metrics that they need to have in place and they need to see every single day in order to optimize their campaigns properly. So number one metric here for us is delivery. We want to see whether campaign adset or ad is still active. If it's overspending, we want to make sure it's turned off. If it's active, we know it's still running. Number two is budget. So depending on the settings of your campaign, if you have the adset budget, you'll see using adset budget here. And if you're using CBO campaigns, campaign budget optimization, you would see the specific budget that you have per day, lifetime or you know whatever the time frame you have there. Next one is a bid strategy for most of you guys can stick with highest volume. It's the simplest one to have, simplest one to manage and that's pretty much will serve most of you very well. But you're also playing here with bitcaps, cost caps, and other things. Those are applicable for most experienced more advanced advertisers. If you're just starting out or if you're not spending a lot of money on ads, you can just stick with standard highest volume bid strategy approach. Next one here is attribution settings. Again, for most people, 7-day click or one day view is the best setup. We're playing around with different things here. We've seen different results depending on the products we are selling. So, for example, if we're selling a cheaper product that's maybe like let's say $30, $35, we can optimize for one day click because it's more impulsive. And at the same time, if you are selling a product that's let's say $100, then we would use 7day click because the conversions in that specific adsets, that specific campaign over this course of 7 days will be attributed to this specific ad because it takes more time for the person to make a purchasing decision. If it's a cheaper product that you're selling, you can try one day click as well. Next one here is amount spent. Very straightforward. How much money was we spent on the particular campaign, adset, or ad. Next one is purchase. Super important. We're in an e-commerce business, so purchases is all we care about. How much money we spend, how many purchases we got. Next one here is cost per purchase. This is how much we spent per purchase on this campaign. For example, $44 in this one campaign. Also, very straightforward. If you're running different kind of business, if you're a lead generation business, you would have cost per lead. Or if you're running any other business or you have any other objective in your business, then you would use a different objective here. Next one here is purchase return on that. Pretty much the most important match. Like if you're just looking at it, it's profitable. It's above your break even point. By the way, guys, if you need help with break even point calculation, just let me know in the comments. I can shoot a different video on that. But it's pretty straightforward. If you've been in business for some time, you know how to calculate your break even ROS. It has to include all of your payment processing fees, all of your COGS, all of your important like expenses in a business. If you have fixed costs as well, all of that has to be calculated in your break even. So as long as you're above that break even ros it means the campaign the adset the ad is profitable is making you money. If you're below that break even ros it means you are losing money and you have to turn it off or you have to optimize it somehow. So next one here is website purchases return on ad spend. This one here is pretty much identical to purchases. I just included here because sometimes there is discrepancy. I just wanted to make sure that I have both of these metrics here. Next one I have here is a frequency. So frequency is indication how many times each specific ad was shown to a specific person. So for instance in this case with this campaign that spent $500,000 I have reached 2.3 million people. But I didn't just reach those people once. I reached those people on average 3.87 times. What does it tell me? It tells me that if it's higher than let's say two two and a half I need to refresh my ads. or it means that my ads are hitting the same person again and again, I need to maybe widen the audience and maybe I have to expand my audiences. It just tells me that there is some kind of like saturation comes with my ads. Now, at the same time, if your campaigns are still profitable at 3x, 4x, 5x frequency, it doesn't matter. If it's making you money, keep running it. But if you see that you have high frequency and at the same time your purchase return on ad spend drops, it means that you have to make some adjustments. So this is just kind of like indication of how many times I'm hitting the audience. I'm seeing if it's still profitable, if I see that metric increasing over time and my row drops, I have to make some changes. Next one here is reach and impressions. So reach is how many people I have reached and impressions how many times my ads were shown to all of those people. Next one here is CPMs. Now CPMs have so much like wrong information about them and people think, "Oh, my CPMs are too high. My CPMs are like $50." So what if you're in the beauty niche, if you're in the house niche, you will probably have $40, $50, $60 CPMs. It's totally normal. If you're in the closing niche, you're selling jewelry products, you're selling less competitive stuff, then your CPMs will be lower. So there's particular kind of benchmarks for different industries depending on competition. And this is not something that you can influence much. If you're in competitive niche, you will have higher CPMs. Simple as that. So, just get used to it and make sure that all of the other things that I'll cover in a second are in place. Like you have the right funnel, you're selling your products at a good price point, you have great ads in the first place that actually convert people into buyers. If you have all of those metrics in place, then CPMs don't matter for your business. Next metric here is link click-through rate. So, what that tells me is, let's say I served my ads to 100 people. Out of those 100 people, on average, three% of those people, three people on average have clicked through to my website. I have different benchmarks for this that I'm trying to aim for. I'll share those with you in a second, but this is pretty decent click rate in my experience. Cost perclick link again will depend greatly on your industry, on your niche. I'll share some benchmarks with you and KPIs for this specifically. 5 years ago, if it was like above $1, it was pretty high. Now, it's closer to $1. So kind of like it increased over time as competition grows on Facebook and you have to be paying more for your clicks. This is pretty normal. So again all of these metrics here they have to be taken in a context. So for example, even if you had $3, $4 cost per click, on surface it looks very expensive, but at the same time, if you are still profitable, if you're still making money, it doesn't matter. As long as you have great conversion rate, great average order value, your purchase return on ad spend is good, then none of these other metrics matter as much. But if you're not profitable and if you are losing money, you have to start investigating and finding out why exactly that is happening. Next one here is a hook rate. There's a specific calculation for a hook rate. 3se secondond views divided by number of impressions that you serve. So if I served my ads to 1,000 people, then 46% of those people have actually watched at least 3 seconds of my video. Now, there's specific benchmarks here as well. I'll share them in a second with you, but this is pretty good hook rate on this specific campaign. Next one here is a hold rate. This one is very controversial. People say, "Oh, your hold rate has to be like 30, 40%, 50%, 60%, it will be very different for you depending on how long your video is." So, for example, in our business, we're using VSSLs, video sales letters. Those videos can be anywhere between 3 minutes and 20 minutes. So, for us, even if we're getting like 3% of people to watch our ad from start to finish, it is pretty good. Getting a person to watch a 20inut Facebook ad is really hard. And if that person is watching 20 minutes of the footage, that person is very very likely to buy. They have very high buying intent. But this metric here will be predicated on how long your video content is. Next metric here that is extremely important is a video average play time. The reason that is important is because Facebook likes when you keep users on the platform. That's literally their number one goal to keep users engaged to keep people happy for people to have great experience. So they keep staying on Facebook. They keep scrolling. Their average time spent on Facebook is greater. And they're making money because people are spending money there. They served more ads. They see more ads. They buying from more ads. And it's a great experience for the customer. And so if your average watch time is like 2, three, four, 5 seconds, most likely your ads are simply not good enough to keep users watching. So you have to address the quality of your ads, quality of your creatives, which we'll talk about in a second. And last metric here that I pay attention to is the cost per 3se secondond video view. Depending on the campaign, depending on the quality of your creative in the first place, this metric here will be different. Ideally for us, we're aiming for 10 cents or below if you want to aim for a very good quality ads. Now in this campaign, you can see it's higher than that. In this one, it's even higher than that. But in some other campaigns here we have very very low cost per 3 second video view. So when analyzing your ad data there's few very important questions that you want to ask yourself. Number one, what is actually working? You want to find the types of campaigns that are working. You want to find the type of adsets that are working, the targeting options. You want to find the type of the creatives that are working. And that will give you indication of what you can scale with your ads. Second question you want to ask yourself is why is it working? Is it type of the ad that's working? Is it the angle that you're using in your ads is working? Is it type of actor or B-roll or format of the ad that's working? You want to really dig deep and understand what is a content that's currently resonating with users that you can start multiplying and replicating to create even more winning ads, which I'll show you exactly how to do farther in this video so you can create more winning ads for your business. And the third question you want to ask yourself, if your ads are not working, where is breakdown occurring? Because from all of these metrics here, some of these metrics will give you very direct feedback. Okay, so the ROS is good. Okay, that's perfect, right? But what if it's not good? Where is it breakdown happening? Is it not good because for instance, your clickthrough rate is too low or maybe your cost per click is too high or maybe people are not watching your ads as much. You have to dig deeper and understand why exactly your ads are not as profitable as you want them to be. So when analyzing ad metrics, I like to divide them into the major metrics and these are the metrics like amount spent, purchases, cost per purchase, purchase return on ad spend. These are the most important crucial metrics. Like if these are good, everything is going smoothly. But at the same time there's secondary minor metrics that I pay attention to that help me to identify what do I have to tweak about my campaigns about my ads about my creatives that will help me to fix my performance and make it profitable again. So all of these metrics here like cost per click, clickthrough rate, hook rate, hold rate, video average play time, cost per 3 second video view, all of these are kind of like indicators like okay, it's not profitable and here's why and that's what I want to dig deep into and understand to in order to fix my ads performance. Okay, so what are the KPIs that you should be aiming for with your major metrics? Now that will be very different for every business. If you're in e-commerce, again, you need to understand your break even row. How much does it cost to ship your product? What are your operational fixed costs in the business? What are your payment processing fees? What are the even refund rates and dispute rates? Because also those have to be taken into consideration. So, this metric break even will be different for any business. Ideally, we want to aim for at least 10 to 15% profit on top of the break even draws in order to have enough cash flow coming in in order to be profitable in order to keep reinvesting into the business. So, for example, if my break even draws is 1.5, that is great. If I'm above 1.5, I'm not losing money. But at the same time, I want to be aiming for at least 1.6 1.7 return on ad spend so that I have that margin of error. I'm also making some profit from my business directly from Facebook that I can reinvest back into scaling my campaigns and growing my business. Cost per purchase here as a KPI will be different for any business because you might be selling product that's like $300. In that case, you might be very comfortable spending $100, $120, maybe even $150 on acquiring a purchaser, a customer for that product. But if you're selling a product that let's say only $30 and your average order value is $45, you cannot be spending $100. So this metric here will be predicated on what kind of products you are selling. When it comes to these other metrics here, let's start with frequency. I'm trying not to have more than two two and a half frequency with my impressions. I don't want to just hit my customers with the same ads again and again and again because I know that eventually people will start just like, "Oh, I've seen this ad before. I don't want to see it again. Just scroll out. Scroll out. I don't want that to happen. So for that reason, I want my frequency to be lower than 2 and a half. But again, if it's profitable, just keep spending money on it. Reaching impression, there is no specific KPIs here. It's just the correlation between other metrics. CPMs, very important. Again, just get used to higher CPMs if you're in the competitive niche. If you're selling less competitive products, if there is not like 5,000 people trying to bid on the same audience as you and you're not in the beauty or health industry, then your CPMs obviously will be lower. But if you are in those high competition niches, your CPMs will be higher. Just get used to it and make your other metrics that you have full control over work. CTR link clickthrough. This is one of the metrics that you have direct impact on. you can directly influence it with higher quality creatives. Here the KPI is 3% or higher. I really want my clickthrough rate link to be more than 3%. And the reason for that is because if I'm selling products in a competitive niche, I want at least to get as many clicks as possible. If I'm paying a lot for impressions already, I want to get as many clicks as possible from that audience. And that will come down to the quality of your hooks, the quality of your creatives, which I'll cover in a second. CPC cost per link click will be different for different niches as well. If you're in the competitive niches, you're looking at$1 and a half to $2 cost per link click. And in some niches, if you're bidding on a very competitive audience or maybe you're targeting lawyers, your cost per link lick might be like four, five, even $10 sometimes. But if it gives you like very high intent customer or very targeted customer, it might still be worth it for you. For hook rate, my KPI is 30% or higher. So, if out of 1,000 people, 300 people watch at least 3 seconds of my video, it means I'm hooking them in and I'm getting them to watch my content, which is pretty good. So, 30% is my KPI here. With hold rate, if your videos are shorter than 1 minute, you probably want to be at 25 to 30%. But if you're using VSSLs, your hold rate will likely be lower. But that's totally fine because your video by itself is longer. So, it's totally cool to have less people watching it through the end. Video average play time again will depend on the length of your video. If your videos are like 20 30 seconds long, maybe short UGC videos, then you probably will be like 5 seconds on average play time. But that's totally cool. If your videos are longer, you need to aim for higher video average play time. And then the cost per 3 second video view. Again, I'm aiming for 10 cents or below, ideally even lower than that for that metric specific. Now the question I get asked all the time, hey Alex, do I need that third-party tracking software in order to properly optimize this metrics? Can I just use Facebook metrics like I have them here or do I need some special software like Triple Whale or Nord Beam or Cometly or anything like that? Now the answer to that question for me personally is very simple. If you're just using Facebook, you don't need any other tracking softwares because you know that it's just Facebook. That's all you use. And most of the times attribution will be very similar to what you'll get on triple whale or on any other platforms. In our own business though we are using triple whale because we are advertising on multiple platforms and we want to see the attribution from different traffic sources. So for example if we're advertising on Google and we're also advertising on Meta and also we are advertising on YouTube and also we are advertising on Tik Tok and also we are advertising on Amazon. We want to see the attribution from different platforms. Which platform gets us the best first click attribution. Which platform gets us the best like complimentary attribution. So for example, if someone sees an ad on Facebook and then they go to Google and they buy from there and then from the matrix in triple whale we can see the whole journey all of the clicks that customers have made in order to make the purchase. We can respectively attribute that purchase to different traffic sources and we can optimize our ads accordingly. So we might spend more money on Facebook or we might spend more money on Google on retargeting or any other ads. And this way we can kind of like calibrate where we can allocate our ad spend more effectively. Now the truth is all of the metrics that I just showed you are extremely important. You need to know how to read the data. You need to know how to analyze the data and make the right decisions and just cut the ads that are not winning and then spend more on the ads that are winning. But at the end of the day, most people that are spending money on ads just have very bad ads in the first place. And if you cannot fix that, then none of this stuff matters. If your ads suck, then none of these metrics, none of the optimization, none of the attribution tools will help you. So why do most people have bad ads is because they're just lazy. They just kind of like see, okay, this is what my competitor does. let me model it or let me just see what Cha GPT can write with copy for my product. Let me just write it down. You have to understand that we operate in a very competitive environment. Like for any category, for any product that you're trying to sell or I'm trying to sell, there's like hundreds of competitors. And so what we have to learn how to do very very well is differentiating our product and then stacking every possible selling point about our product in order to get a sale. So for example, if I'm selling a beauty product, there is already thousands of beauty products. You can go to retail store and buy a beauty product. You can go to Amazon and buy a beauty product. You can buy beauty products from thousands of ads of other competitors that are selling on Facebook right now. So if I want to differentiate and survive in this space, I have to learn how to communicate the value of my specific beauty product compared to all of the other products on the market. And that will come down to things like highquality copy. You have to learn how to write great direct response copy. Identify the unique mechanisms of your specific product. You need to utilize highquality B-roll. Many people are still using this like stock B- roll they getting from all of these platforms like Shhatter Stock or Pixabay like all of these like very sketchy pieces of content. You need to have your own custom beetle that you would source from your creators. And so I explain all of that process in one of my other videos. You can check it out on my channel. But at the end of the day, it's a quality of your visual content and it's a quality of the script and differentiation of your product from other products on the market. And one of the most helpful exercises that you can do is to find successful competitor of yours, maybe not even direct competitor, maybe someone who's selling in a totally different niche and then model their ads for yourself. And one of the best and most efficient ways to do that is to use a software like Get Hooked. So inside of get hooked, you can instantly filter, for example, brands that are running more than 100 active ads. So if someone is running more than 100 active ads, it means they're spending money on ads, they're profitable, they're scaling up. You can also see only their winning ads. So for example, here you can filter by only active ads and you can also filter by only winning ads from your competitors. So, for example, all of these ads, this ad here has been replicated and multiplied eight times inside of the ad campaigns, which means it's a profitable winning ad. This one here as well was multiplied seven times, eight times. You can see different ads, different niches. If I don't like some of these brands, maybe it's not my specific niche. I can just hide this brand. I can also see what is the performance of this brand in general. You don't want to model someone who's been in business for 2 months. You want to model someone who has a predictable process for creating ads, who knows how to scale. Like for example, this brand here, you can see they started ramping up here in January and by the months of March, they already were at almost 867 ads. So this brand knows exactly how to scale. They have some good products. This is not necessarily my niche that I would like to model for myself, but this is a great example of the brand that is scaling right now. Also, I can see other brands here. I can see exactly how many active ads they have, how well they're doing with their ads. Like this one here, you can see it they started ramping up just in few days of this month, they already launched like 71 ads here. And you can see in months of March, they launched 341 ads. So what I would do from here is number one, I can check their best performing ads, how they're structured. Are these AI UGC ads or these are like real UGC ads? What they're talking about in their ads? What are the formats? So this one here for instance, you see it's a doctor kind of person that looks with high authority speaking to a person in a podcast format. There is some B-roll kind of like editing here. People smiling, people talking. Very nice editing here on the bottom showing the manufacturing process, showing how the product is being made. Very very cool. Right. So you can see here kind of displaying the product, how much it cost, what are the benefits, what are the upside of this product. And this drives to the landing page that looks like this. So now I know exactly their winning ads. I know how many ads are running. I literally see their whole advertising strategy on the silver platter. What else would you need to create more profitable ads? So, if you're not as profitable with your ads right now, you're not making as much money. It's like you're spending money on Facebook and you think Facebook is a big scam. No, Facebook is not a big scam. It just your ads are simply not good enough. And you need to look maybe outside of your niche. You need to be more creative and you need to find the inspiration from other companies that already doing well and model what they do for yourself in order to succeed and scale your business. Now, Get Hooked is actually a software that I built myself. It has over 60 million ads. So, no matter what niche you're in, no matter on which level you operate, whether you're doing $100 a day or you're doing $100,000 a day in sales, it will help you to get great inspiration for your ads. It will help you to make your advertising process more efficient. You can share all of these ads with your team members as well if you have a team with your video editors. So you can replicate these ads very fast. You can download each of these ads with one click and you can just streamline your process to create a lot more profitable ads faster. If you want to try it out for yourself, I'll drop the link below this video. You can try it out for yourself. No commitments, no obligations for 14 days and see if it's good for you. So now getting your ads to perform, analyzing and reading the data, making the right decisions here is one thing, but also having the right infrastructure and also having the right connections to ask when you need some help. So let's say your feedback score on your ads for some reason, maybe it's delayed shipping, maybe it's poor quality product, maybe something happened with your supply chain, maybe it goes to very low level. Let's say if your page feedback score drops from four to like three, all of your metrics here, no matter how good your ads are, will be very very bad. Your cost per click will increase, your CPMs will increase, and you will have very hard time being profitable. So, if you have any of those issues, if you have issues with your ad accounts, if you have issues with page feedback score, it's important to have the right contacts that can help you with those specific things cuz there are people that will help you to amplify your page feedback score and help you with other problems in your business when it comes to Facebook ads. And one of the people that can help you solve any of these issues, his name is Moose, and he's very highly recommended in e-commerce space. We use his services in our business as well. He's an amazing guy to work with and he can help you with all of those solutions when the time comes if you have any of those issues. But even if you don't have any of those issues right now, you still want to be in touch with someone who can help you when that issue happens because that's the last thing that you want to have in your business when something happens and you have no idea what to do. I'll drop M's contact information below if you want to get in touch with him and just find out more about his services. So get in touch with him if you need it. If you don't need it, just keep it for later. So now if you watch until this point, you understand everything here. You know like how to optimize your ads. You kind of have a good clarity, but you still wanted some personalized help with your ad campaign. Someone to give you personalized suggestions on how to optimize your ads, how to scale them, what to scale them, how to find your next winning creative, how to optimize your funnel to be more profitable, how to optimize your supply chain with all of the tariffs that are coming right now. If you need help with any of that, you can apply to work with me and my team directly. There's a link below in the comments. We'll look into your business. will see exactly how your business can be scaled. We have done it for our own business. We're doing it day in and day out. And we also have helped a lot of e-commerce entrepreneurs to scale their businesses to six and even seven figures per months consistently. So, if you're interested in that, just check out the link in the description. I hope this video provided more clarity for you on how to analyze your Facebook ad data. So, now you'll be making better decisions and you'll be making more money. If you have any questions or feedback, just drop it below in the comments. Make sure to subscribe to my videos so you don't miss more tutorials and videos like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BagheriSina [2 likes]: These longer videos are gold. thanks :face-blue-smiling:
  2. @djzardlol3622 [1 likes]: please make a video on ROAS
  3. @plan-BTB [1 likes]: Thanks for helping us survive uncle zuck's increasing prices lmao
  4. @AlexFedotofff: Apply For My Mentorship To Scale Your Ecom Biz: https://go.gethookd.ai/demo?sl=alexytfbdatagh
  5. @Mat3kjo: Hey brother. Really appreciate all your videos. I'm currently at €2k/day consistenly scaling up only with VSL's and retargeting statics. 90% is learned from your youtube videos. So thank you. 

Quick question though: What formula do you use for "HOLD RATE"? because different people tell me different things so just wanted to hear from you please. Would really appreciate it!

For context I'm running mainly like 4-10min VSL's. Thank you so much.
  6. @CoreyZeiman: Loved your video, Alex. Spot on about analyzing Facebook ad Data the right way.

Have you considered a follow-up video on how to write the creative that fixes it? As a PPC specialist, I live in that world of hooks and copy.

I think a collaboration/interview would be a perfect fit and super valuable for your audience. 

My work is here: https://www.youtube.com/@GuaranteedPPC/streams. Open to chatting about it!
  7. @Venkatesh...: Wow, this was incredibly detailed and so helpful. Thanks, Alex!
  8. @khann7: Another Banger 🔥
  9. @Masie145: Hi Alex,
My name is Mona, I’ve been trying to sign up for your e-commerce platform, but I’ve had a lot of trouble and haven’t been able to complete the process. Is there any way you could help me get signed up so I can start earning some money? 
I’d really appreciate your help!
Thanks.
  10. @ecomcode_007: If I came to Miami, would you be willing to coach me in person? Please, be hones! :)

- The BEST Facebook Ads Format (Based On Data): Kind: captions Language: en I've got some new Facebook ad format data that shows which Facebook and Instagram ad format produces the best results and there are a couple of things I want to say about this data right now firstly I was surprised by this data and I spent more than $100 million on Facebook ads and secondly the data on the best Facebook ad format has changed a lot since I last looked into this so let's start by talking about where I got this data from and this data actually comes from my audience I have the largest YouTube channel exclusively dedicated to Facebook and Instagram ads and buy long ways it's a really good place to gather information and data from other Facebook advertisers I also have the largest Facebook group exclusively dedicated to Facebook and Instagram advertising world with more than a quarter of a million people on it so I get a lot of great information and data from my audience at this point and I regularly poll my audience on YouTube I somewhat recently asked them which was their best performing Facebook ad format and let me show you the results okay so we got just under 3,000 votes a pretty good um sample size there and I gave four options like a video image Carousel or other and you can see here that video is by far in way the ad format that is most likely to perform best for people in my audience that responded to this poll with 60% of people saying that video was the best performer image came in at 27% Carousel at 9% and then other at 4% now one of the things that's really interesting about this and the data and the responses I got there is that I asked that same question on my audience a couple of years ago and look how it differs so if I jump to a very similar poll that I ran literally two years ago but we can see that video instead of being 60% of the time that being the best performing ad format um for the people that responded it was 44% when I did this two years ago um single image was 38% at the time that's now dropped to 27% Carousel has dropped a bit from 14 to 9% and other has remained at um 4% so you can see that during that two year time span we've seen a really significant shift away from Carousel away from single image towards video and that might not surprise um you watching this perhaps you see similar data in your own ad account you know other advertisers you think yeah that that sounds about right but I did find that um surprising that we've seen that large a shift in that shorter time period And when we compare this data from the uh from the more recent poll to our own internal data it is very very SAR so where we've got video 60% to the time being the best ad format image 27 Carousel 9 other four that is very close to what we see internally and we have more than 400 ad accounts as part of our business manager where we're managing campaigns at this point so from that alone we get a lot of data that we can use to draw conclusions help make decisions improve results and by the way if you would like to be one of those 400 um ad accounts withs manager and have us create manage and optimize your ad campaigns there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website site book in a free no obligation call to find out more so if that sounds interesting go ahead and do that and hopefully we get a chance to work together now the really interesting thing about this data being so close to our own internal data I mean we're one or two percentage points I think we're 58% on video as opposed to 60% slightly more on image otherwise we're basically the same is that I really didn't expect that because videos are much harder to create and as a fully fledged agency we have video editors and we can put together you know really good quality stuff we do this this all the time but I know a lot of people in my audience lot of that responded to this yes there are large companies with um like the resources to be able to produce high quality video um but a lot of them are going to be Freelancers they're going to be solo entrepreneurs with the whole business to manage I didn't expect them to be able to produce to to be this video heavy I thought they would be more leaning on images because they're much easier to create and a poor quality video is not likely to perform as well as a high quality image a high quality video May well perform better than a than a high quality image but do you know what I mean like if you're going to do video ads they need to be good otherwise um they're not really going to work so what that shows me is that Facebook and Instagram advertisers have now caught up to the fact that video is a fantastic ad format could well be the best performing ad format for most businesses is the best performing ad format at this point and they' decided that even though it is difficult to create they've probably heard me talking about it for so long that it may well be worth doing investing time resources um getting external help potentially to produce um high quality video ads so I was surprised to see how much it shifts that quickly I was surprised to see that our own internal data matches up with this um almost exactly and it shows that people are doing the hard work that is required within the Facebook ad ST which is which is fantastic and um and yeah and there's some other interesting things that we can think about when it comes to to taking a look at this Facebook ads format data so firstly video at 60% you might think right it's all just video I've just talked there about how good video is we should only be running video ad format and that's not true there are still in this case 40% of businesses and even with our own internal data where we can produce high quality video and do so regularly like we have that skill set even in that scenario we're still 40ish per of the time not seeing the best results um through video don't just assume it's all video don't use any of the other AD formats you absolutely want to test the other AD formats because they may well perform better for your specific business and this is really important because within this poll there's going to be lots of different businesses going to be e-commerce businesses and service businesses and software businesses and coaches and consultants and all sorts we have to sort of differentiate when should we be using what ad format what produces better results for certain types of businesses and there's a general rule of thumb that I like to use here and that's that the complexity of the ad format should match the size of the ask so if you're asking someone who sees your ad to do something really simple like buy an inexpensive product like an impulse purchase often image is going to be be the best ad format because with an image you can very quickly and easily convey all the information you need to convey get one of these doesn't it look good here's a discount here's a special sale we're running click here go buy it like it's not difficult for people to do the ask is very small so we want a simple ad format in that scenario if you created uh a complex video that was 3 minutes long people would not watch it they would never make it to the end they would never make it to the call to action and you'd miss out on so many people that were just willing to click through and purchase however if the ask is something much more signal ific let's say for example we're advertising our done for you Facebook and Instagram ad Services a really big ask we know that that's often for the clients to work with us the success of their Facebook and inst campaigns is going to be one of the most important determining factors in whether or not their business succeeds whether or not their business grow so it's a huge decision for them to decide yeah we trust Ben and his team with our stuff we think they're going to do a good job and get better results than than what we can so our ads if you see see a lot of my advertising they are more complex longer video videos because we have to do a lot more convincing in our advertising we have to put in proof and testimonials and talk about the upside and talk about how much easier their life's going to be and and basically we have to sell more if we just Tred to use a simple image maybe we could get away with that with retargeting warm audiences a little bit but to cold audiences no chance because there's just not enough convincing happening there so yes you are still going to lose people as they go through that video a longer video just like if you're selling the the simple impulse purchased product but the people that you lose were unlikely to be interested in such a big askk anyway and you need the extra time to be able to sell people on the big askk you still want to test but that's a good general rule of thurm is to um use match the complexity of the ad format with the size of the ask another thing that you might have thought going through this particularly comparing the data from two years ago versus now is like okay the trend is towards video it's only ever going you know 2 years time it's going to be 80% video and 2 years after that it's going to be 100% video I really don't think that's going to be the case I think that what we're seeing now at 60% video mixture of the others is probably what we're likely to stick to for a number of years I don't think it's going to continue being more video heavy than that mainly for what I because of what I just described where I said look video performs really well more than half the time for a lot of businesses but there are absolutely times when image is going to outperform where Carousel is going to outperform where it's just really simple impulse project or um like a leave magnet so for example my webinar ads I run ads to a webinar they are image ads for the most part we have some carousels in there as well but I don't think we have any video ads live at the moment we've experimented with it I don't think we have any video I think their image and their Carousel you can go to The Meta ads library and check this out and take a look and that's because it's a simple ask right it's a free webinar all you got to do is sign up for it and watch it it's educating people about Facebook ad strategy so within my business we're seeing differences depending on the different offers that we're advertising and I I think that Dynamic is likely to continue because if you're simple ask you don't want to make people sit through a long form complex ad format alongside working out which Facebook ad formats work best for you and your competitors it's really valuable to know how your competitor's overall digital marketing is performing and which strategies they are using with similar web the sponsor of today's video you can do exactly that quickly and easily let me show you how one of my favorite similar web features works so I'm here in my similar web account I've just come into the website analysis section and here you can search for your competitors and find out some really great information so I'm going to use my own website as an example but obviously you could do this uh for a competitor so I'm just going to put in Heath media. co.uk which is my own website you can see I've search for it previously now once I enter in my website here you can see all sorts of really interesting information just imagine this is a competitor right so we got total visits that's helpful to know device distribution you can see my website is more desktop heavy lots of great engagement metrics how changes over time where people are coming from so unsurprisingly for us with us UK heavy India is at the top of the list as well not surprising and then this is my favorite part the marketing channel section so you can see that we get a lot of our traffic from organic search and social neither of those should be very surprising because I produce a lot of content on social channels like this video watching right now we also do a lot of advertising via Facebook and Instagram ads but then there's also a significant amount of organic search because at this point my business has quite a lot of brand value people know who we are they're searching for the agency name and they're searching um for my name and of course you can dig into any one of these um even further a really really useful tool it's kind of like being able to look at the inside of your competitor's Google analytics dashboard right now you can get a 7-Day free trial of similar web using the link in the video description below now one of the key takeaways that I want you to have from this video is that testing is really important yes by the looks of things video is likely to be your best ad format your best performing ad format for your business but you absolutely want to test the other options because if you don't and it turns out that one of the other AD formats was the better option for your business business then you're missing out big time so absolutely make sure you test and if you haven't tested video ads you aren't using video ads by the looks of things it's quite clear you should be you should at least be experimenting with them now if you decide to do that what you need to know is that the first 3 seconds the hook of your video ads is by far the most important part you should spend a lot more time on that than you should on any other 3 second section and within the video itself I've created a whole video that shows you how to create video hooks for your Facebook and Instagram video ads that can really help improve the performance of those ads you can go ahead and watch it here and I strongly recommend you go through it if you're running video ads and want to improve them or thinking about running video ads like I said those first few seconds are the most important part that's going to convince people either to watch the rest of the video ad or not and if they don't watch the rest of video ads then they're certainly not going to find out all about your products and services how fantastic they are they're far less likely to click and they are far less likely to convert really is that important so go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @photoeducationbydaniel [5 likes]: I have to be missing a trick because video does terrible in my very visual business. I create tutorials for portrait photographers and image carousels do excellent - I am in your program btwn
  2. @missyhippydee2923 [4 likes]: Hello Ben, I feel like most of your videos are product sales based advice. Can you also please cover service based ad technique?
  3. @J.Srvndo [3 likes]: For me the best performing ad format is catalog carousel
  4. @Karan_Sarao_Official [3 likes]: Hey there i am running meta ads for leads through whatsapp buisness messages and i have noticed a pattern many times if i run my ads on daily bases it doesn't get good result cpr also goes high also less conversion but if i run same ad with same targeting twice or thrice a week like with 2 or 3 days gap then they perform great verly low cpr and many of them converts. Can anyone tell me that why it happens and also should i run daily or run by gaping 2-3 days in future
  5. @169Reels [2 likes]: My question here is, Videos have a higher CPM as compared to Images. I have gotten cheaper results with images. A higher CTR as well. What do you think ?
  6. @proddity [1 likes]: Hello Ben, I've been wondering if "Video" also includes GIF (animated/dynamic) images. Let's say there is a still image of the product and some simple phrases are entering the screen, completing the text, then the whole image blacks out and the brand logo appears with CTA. If that type of ads is also a part of the 60% (video ads), it would really make sense to me.
  7. @jwh0122 [1 likes]: 5:52 simple ask -> simple ad format
  8. @zubaz111 [1 likes]: Nice video Ben - a couple of things: 
First - Similarweb data is garbage - I encourage anyone watching this to look up how they source their data. 
Second - I'd be interested to know how you define "performance". Not all performance metrics are the same and the importance varies widely. Thanks.
  9. @m.inesdougnac1063 [1 likes]: I like to group all my ads into one campaign with a single budget, letting Meta and its algorithm decide which ad performs best and show it more frequently. And in this competition, the winner is always a single-image ad. It feels like Meta favors this format and gives it more reach compared to carousels and videos… Could that be the case, or am I just being paranoid? Thanks!
  10. @basbenni [1 likes]: Hi Ben, fantastic tips as always! I have a question on a different topic: How many ad sets can I use in a single campaign? Meta seems to consolidate all my ads into one ad set, but this approach frequently reenters the learning phase, preventing new tests. Could you provide some guidance on the optimal number of ad sets to use to avoid this issue? Thanks!
  11. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  12. @trackingconsulting: As a tracking and media buying expert, I found this video incredibly insightful! The breakdown of the best-performing Facebook Ads formats for 2025 — backed by real data — is exactly what marketers need to stay ahead. But to truly unlock the power of these formats, accurate tracking is key. Make sure you're running server-side tracking with Facebook CAPI, GTM Server, and GA4 to capture reliable data, improve attribution, and boost ROAS. This video is a goldmine for anyone serious about scaling with Facebook Ads in 2025!
  13. @arshin16: Hi Ben, Thanks for this video. QQ: Is there any reason why you did not include Collection, flexible  and dynamic product catalog ad (DPA) formats in your poll? Really curious to know how DPA works for other  advertisers!
  14. @alikamran6718: "If you own a brand, don’t waste time running ads. Your focus should be on scaling, not learning ad strategies. I found an agency that works on commission or a low budget—hit me up if you want the info! Just mentioning in case it helps someone there."
  15. @alikamran6718: Bro, if you’re still running your own ads, you’re just making it harder for yourself. Focus on growing your brand and let an agency handle the ads. I used to do this before, and after hiring, the difference was insane! Just mentioning in case it helps someone there.
  16. @donkeylovers7608: What happens if my actual location and billing country are different in my business info? Will Facebook ban my ad account
  17. @jonahgigi: Do u have a video on budget for local businesses
  18. @desmosystem: Is it okay to do Advantage+ Shopping ad campaign and Manual ad campaign (advantage+ audience) same time selling same product?
  19. @StupidInternetPeople1: Amazing doucheFace thumbnail! Yet another clueless lemming DoucheTuber looking ridiculous because they think making stupid, unnecessary, out of context and unprofessional faces will get people to click 😂
  20. @LassesLibrary: I really just want to know what games Ben plays on steam, i saw that icon in the task bar, Ben's secretly a gaming youtuber.
(Great stuff by the way, your guides make my ads perform really well for my e-com brand and i had 6x ROAS last month bc of it. So thanks!)

- The Unexpected Path To Success With Facebook Lead Gen: Kind: captions Language: en meet John a typical digital marketing Enthusiast eager to make his Mark hastily he dipped his toes into various strategies expecting a smooth sail alas he faced Relentless waves of failures instead his primary challenge lead generation the strategies he employed barely scratched the surface hardly generating any significant leads the clients were unsatisfied and Jon couldn't help but retrospect around the clock he found himself Tangled in deep confusion even doubting his potential little did he know the journey he started with stumbling steps would lead to an unexpected ladder of success one Unforgettable day the ever curious Jon stumbled Upon A glimmer of hope an article about Facebook lead generation it piqued his interest and he found himself delving deeper into this promising tool he poured over endless resources gorging on every morsel of information available ailable learning the ins and outs of harnessing Facebook lead generation potential little did he know this accidental Discovery was about to Mark a watershed moment in his career a turning point towards a pathway he hadn't yet dreamt of treading weeks turned into a blurry Haze of tireless work for JN as he mastered the art of Facebook lead generation the efforts finally bore fruit magic happened and for the first time JN had a Victorious campaign under his belt the app's intuitive ecosystem and granular targeting capabilities were instrumental in the Triumph finally he delivered What mattered most quality leads his clients wore Smiles of satisfaction and Jon experienced the flavor of accomplishment at its finest he knew then this was only the beginning and the journey was far from over with each passing day Jon's success was no longer a fluke but a pattern favorable results poured in adding a steady stream of confidence in Jon's abilities his persistent efforts were ultimately rewarding him with what he yearned for The credibility he deserved the game-changing campaigns crafted by Jon were not just successful they were bringing colossal Roi to his clients truly Jon was on a R swiftly climbing the ladder of success his name reverberating in the industry and his reputation shooting up to Stellar Heights Jon was finally fulfilling his digital marketing dreams Jon's Journey was a testament to the adage success comes to those who dare and act his initial days were stained with struggles and self-doubt lingered like an unending storm his path was fraught with hurdles but he chose never to back down and when he discovered the latent potential of Facebook lead generation he embraced it and conquered his doubts and failures the unexpected path transformed him and success became Jon's Newfound identity his story is a reminder that answers often lie in unexplored territories and untested Waters waiting to be delved into

- The surprising key to successful advertising | Gareth Kay: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] So in fact it was 19 years ago to this very day that I first began to work if you can use that word um in advertising and I quickly began to realize that this is an industry that was defined by the relentless pursuit of the answer to what might be a fairly simple question. What's the big idea? Now I quickly realized this kind of pursuit of big wasn't something unique to the world of advertising. It was something that was incredibly pervasive across culture as we saw it today. Just take a look around at the world we live in nowadays. Think about politics and David Cameron's big idea of the big society. You can see it in apherisms. Go big or go home. The bigger the better. And you see it in culture. The MBA is a place where sport goes big. Now, I guess for a while it made some kind of intuitive sense, the bigger the better. After all, surely big problems demand some type of big solution. Well, I'm not so sure, but that's actually the case. I think we've confused the ends with the means. Of course, we want to go and do stuff that has big results and in some way transforms the world for the better. But our obsession with big is hindering our ability to achieve real change in the world today. If you want to put a dent in the universe, I would argue you need in fact to think small. Size does indeed matter, but I would humbly suggest today that perhaps small is better. And I want to go and share three reasons why I believe this is the case. The first was made by Rory Sland in a past TED talk and he made a very eloquent case for why small actions can have big effects. Big problems do not in fact need to have big solutions. The example he use is one we learned from behavioral economics where we looked at the world of um saving for retirement. And despite all the efforts you may make as a society to encourage people to save more through government policy, through big communication, the best way to get people to save more is to go and do something very small. It's to go and get companies to change the way you actually sign up for your retirement plan. If you go and switch the um signup mechanism from being one which is about automatically defaulting to opt in rather than opting out, retirement savings get boosted quite dramatically. Secondly, we seem to have lost sight that in culture today the biggest ideas are those that in many ways disappear and become almost inconspicuous. Apple's success has come, I would argue, less from its admittedly beautiful industrial design, but the way the experience has been designed to reduce the friction in what you're trying to do. The same goes for the evil genes of Amazon's one-click button. We're living in an increasingly designed culture whose sole objective is to win people's trust by disappearing. So, ideas seem today work best when they're small and inconspicuous. Finally, if we actually want to go out into the world and kind of grow, small helps us go and do that. In his book, Little Bets, Peter Shims shows how ideas don't arrive in the world fully formed. Rather, they're stumbled upon. We tend to stumble upon greatness. Pixar went from a failing software company to a successful film company by putting lots of little bets out into the world and seeing what worked. And this is something you see in popular culture. As Lor Michaels famously said about SNL, one of its great reasons for success is the shows are gone because it's ready. It goes on because it's 11:30. So my small idea this morning is to ask you to break the tyranny of big and how we think, work, and do. And maybe try something a little bit small instead. Thank you.

- Bulgari Unexpected Wonders - a movie by Paolo Sorrentino: Kind: captions Language: en-US In the search for wonder, there are no endings, only new beginnings. To discover unexpected wonders

  Top Comments:
  1. @ВераАртамонова-ь1х: Самые шикарные, красивые, и просто лучшие актрисы
  2. @adaliantsiki: Wow this ad was ahead of time love it
  3. @EvaCarneiro-b1f: Buenfinde amiga❤😊,cuidate
  4. @sreythea-lp1nl: They call Bulgari 
But everyone is get small bulgari
  5. @eguzkilargia8: ✨🔮✨
  6. @syariefical8787: Please i need to see LALISA with this 2 woman
  7. @JOSHULAFAIRY: It’s hard to distract from those faces
  8. @VictoriaLohanePereiraFreitas: Oi
  9. @VivianejustinoDasilva-e1b: 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😣😣😣😣😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
  10. @PardeepJindal-b7v: My ann
  11. @אלהליפשיץ-ל1ט: 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  12. @KamirPeraza: Anne hathaway reina❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @noi6363: Wow
  14. @kattarhindubharatiya: Where is priyanka??
  15. @AnitaKellyGomez: Anne Hathaway la mejor ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @mariasakellariou: Away from screen. I wish you poverty and illnesses
  17. @MagedNosir: If you watching Missy videos,  you will get it in comments,  like this comment,  so,  go sleep they never matter 🙄❤❤
  18. @YaimaraFranquelCuba-jl9nd: Anne Hathaway ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ 👑
  19. @NickeyIvy: This is best add I've ever seen. So much integrity and genuine goodness in one video.
  20. @leegarfield8959: Anne's neck is just.... not ready for these pictures. :face-fuchsia-poop-shape::face-fuchsia-poop-shape::face-fuchsia-poop-shape:

- The Unexpected Success | English For Career: Kind: captions Language: en the unexpected success once upon a time in a quaint Village nestled between Rolling Hills and Lush Greenery there lived a young boy named Thomas Thomas was an ordinary lad with dreams as vast as the endless sky above him his days were spent tending to his family's modest Farm where he learned the value of hard work and perseverance despite the challenges life presented Thomas held on to a shimmering hope that one day he would rise above the ordinary and Achieve greatness his parents humble folk with hearts of gold instilled in him the belief that anything was possible with dedication determination as Thomas Grew Older his ambition soared higher than the tallest trees in the forest he yearned for Success not just for himself but to honor his family and repay their unwavering love and support one fateful day an opportunity came knocking at Thomas's door the king of the realm announced a grand competition promising unimagined able riches and honor to the one who could complete a series of daunting challenges the entire Village buzzed with excitement each person envisioning what they would do with such wealth and Prestige Thomas with a Fire Burning Brightly in his heart decided to embark on this perilous Journey armed with nothing but courage and determination he set forth to prove that even the most unexpected could achieve the extraordinary the challenges were arduous testing both his physical prowess and mental fortitude from scaling treacherous mountains to solving perplexing riddles Thomas faced each trial with unwavering resolve along the way he encountered fellow competitors each driven by their own dreams and aspirations as the competition progressed Thomas found himself facing setbacks and obstacles that threatened to derail his quest doubt crept into his mind like a shadow Whispering Tales of defeat and failure yet with the unwavering support of of his village and the lessons instilled by his family Thomas refused to succumb to despair miraculously as if Guided by Fate itself Thomas emerged Victorious from the final challenge his unexpected success echoed through the kingdom inspiring hope in the hearts of all who dared to dream the king moved by Thomas's resilience and spirit bestowed upon him the promised riches and honor declaring him a hero among men but for Thomas the true reward lay not in the Treasures he had acquired but in the journey itself along the way he had discovered the power of perseverance the importance of believing in oneself and the boundless potential that lies within every soul and so dear friends let the tale of Thomas be a testament to the fact that success often comes not to those who seek it with greed and ambition but to those who embrace the journey with humility courage and an unwavering belief in the power of the human Spirit thanks for watching subscribe and follow for more Moral Stories

- The Unexpected Helper: A Story of Teamwork and Success: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] meet Tim a student who always tried to do everything on his own but his latest history project was proving to be more difficult than he had expected the more he worked the more overwhelmed he felt no matter how much effort he put in he couldn't seem to make any real progress then something unexpected happened Emma a quiet and reserved classmate noticed his struggle and offered to help Tim was surprised he had never spoken much to Emma before together they researched exchanged ideas and stayed up late putting everything together Emma's organization skills complemented Tim's creativity and soon they found their Rhythm what once seemed like an impossible task was now coming together beautifully with Emma's support Tim realized that collaboration could make a huge difference on presentation day Tim felt more confident than ever their teamwork had paid off and their project stood out as one of the best their hard work and partnership earned them praise and recognition and Tim learned a valuable lesson success isn't always a solo Journey Tim realized that sometimes the greatest help comes from the most unexpected places asking for help and working with others can lead to incredible outcomes now Tim Embraces collaboration and values the strength of teamwork he understands that learning from others can open doors to new possibilities see you next time if you like this video be sure to like it and drop a comment below I'd love to hear your thoughts and any questions you might have thanks for being here and I can't wait to share more with you

- 1000+ Facebook Ads Templates Inside This Software - Smart Ads Creator Software: Kind: captions Language: en did you know that eight out of 10 businesses fail in the first 18 months due to traffic drought if your business is not acquiring fresh leads it will die off sooner than you think the fact is traffic is the lifeblood of any business and the biggest traffic Source in 2016 is Facebook if you were not using Facebook ads trust me you are leaving a big chunk of profits on the table but 98% of marketers fail with Facebook ads because of poor audience selection and targeting and unattractive text or image ad set that's why experienced Facebook ads marketer Misan and sub hom in association with top seller Jai Sharma decided to fix this problem for every marketer they created something that millions of struggling traffic Seeker need and will bring the revolution of Highly profitable ads proudly presents smart ads Builder we made over $200,000 just last month and over $300,000 in last 3 months using our smart ads Builder world's most powerful easy to use and smartest ads Builder with over 1,000 high-on converting inuu templates now you can find edit create retouch and run near perfect ads campaign in minutes with confidence struggling newbies have created profitable ad campaigns found targeted leads and got PR likee results in less than 2 minutes you'll be comfortable on Smart ads Builder within first five minute session it's that easy let me show you how it works log in and connect your Facebook account from accounts panel on dashboard create new campaign under campaigns panel select any AD template from thousands of high converting templates in multiple niches you will be redirected to campaign live editor where you can view real time look of AD across all devices click launch ad image designer to edit your ad image in advanced drag and drop editor having photoshop-like layering features select image from any Niche categories with thousands of royalty-free images edit your ad image with multiple layering of text shapes stickers backgrounds and images this is Photoshop like easy to use Advanced editor in smart ads Builder will show you text percentage in real time as per Facebook ads complaints next use output ad image in campaign live editor to check how it looks in desktop Newsfeed mobile and sidebar select High converting headline post text from hundreds of proven ad template in various niches edit headline and post text if you want and see realtime preview of add-on right section give link where you want traffic and click update campaign to save it you can export this ad post to any Facebook page download campaign details or link audience interest to it you can cherry pick interest of your targeted audience using interest tab just give any keyword with other queries and hit search result will be ID targeted audience size for keyword on which you can spy click on spy audience to check current trends and targeted audience who's liking commenting and engaging with that keyword simply click on Save the interest now export your ad campaign to your related Facebook page open your Facebook ads account and select send people to website copy targeted interest set from Smart ads Builder and paste it into detailed targeting section of adset Select existing post Tab and click our latest post which we made in smart ads Builder place order of ads to Facebook and wait for 24 to 48 hours for great results like us make Facebook ads an easy way with guaranteed results like other newbies not just that you'll get complete stepbystep video training and tutorials from showing us how we did over $200,000 this last month never you'll have to struggle again to get results with Facebook ads smart ads Builder gives you perfect ads templates plus perfect targeted audience to give you 20 times more profits this software will change the way ads are created and you can get your hands on this at the early bird price today we will be selling hundreds of thousands of monthly membership accounts across the world at a much higher price but only today you have the exclusive opportunity to Avail permanent membership of smart ads builder at low one-time payment dream tool of every traffic Seeker is here and it can be yours for an extremely discounted price right now all you have to do right now is join in by clicking the button below before the price goes up any [Music] further hey Misan Morrison here and in the next few minutes I'm going to demonstrate why smart ads Builder is the most powerful and world's smartest ads Builder the market has ever seen in 2016 even in my own business I use Smart ads Builder on a regular basis to create ad campaigns for clients and also to promote product launches e-commerce products affiliate products and CPA offers take a look at how easy it is to build a campaign with smart ads Builder when you land on the dashboard hover your mouse on the campaign button and click on it simply enter a name for your campaign and click on continue you'll be brought to a template selection page where you were provided with dozens of AD image templates to choose from depending on your Niche and advertising needs simply pick a template of your choice and you will be brought to an empty canvas where you can build your ad campaign from our dozens of built-in ad headlines and post description templates use the live Editor to edit your ad campaign headline post description and URL you can also preview your ad in real time on the desktop Newsfeed mobile and on the right hand side when you're done click on update campaign also you can edit the template ad image by clicking on launch ad image designer you'll then be brought to a Smart built-in ad image editor with a layering system you can edit your ad image with the elements contained at the left hand side we've also included a Texton image rating tool so your ad will stay compliant and run smoothly on Facebook when you're done editing your image click on Save project and go back to campaign now I want to take you inside another powerful feature we have built-in smart ads Builder we simply hover to the interest button and click on it here you you can generate a targeted interest as an audience for your ad campaign and also monitor each audience to see what is trending and what your audiences are talking about generating a targeted audience for your campaign is as easy as clicking on cherry pick interest and entering a keyword relating to your Niche the software goes out there and finds targeted interest for you you can monitor each audience as well as Mark all and copy for Facebook or Simply Save Your generated audience inside of the software when you're done building your campaign and generating an interest for your campaign head over to your campaign dashboard and Export your ad campaign to Facebook or download your entire campaign data to the system as you can see our ad campaign has been exported to our fan page in one click you can now run an ad to promote this campaign to the interest you generated in inside of smart ads Builder smart ads Builder is truly the world's smartest ads builder in the market right now we are super excited to bring this tool to you that will enable you to gain an unfair advantage over your competition see you inside

  Top Comments:
  1. @imtoolkit [3 likes]: Create your account here: https://createvidello.com/smart-ads
  2. @amina3085: How to buy it
  3. @trunganh6683: Hi all! We are agency of Facebook and Google in Asia. 
We have many Facebook Ads Accounts and Google Ads Accounts. 
If anyone need quality accounts of Facebook or Google to running ads
Contact me, please!  Skype: maizeclark91. 
Thanks all!

- [SUPER SIMPLE] Types of Facebook Ad - Advertsuite Demo: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] what's up guys luke mcguire here here's a quick demo video of advert suite and i'm going to show you how you can use this for three key areas however you can use it for so many more i'm going to show you e-commerce local marketing and also affiliate marketing as well so let's just get started again advert suite takes all the guesswork out of creating profitable successful facebook ads for you by showing you all the different facebook ads that are running right now in the world allowing you to find the successful ones uh and then find out the actual engaged demographics and geographics of that ad allowing you to then replicate and profit from them so let's just do a really quick example right now i'm going to search for ads related to teeth whitening that are connected to a shopify store so i'm going to click on shopify here i'm going to click on keyword you can also search for advertisers specifically or even domain names i'm going to go keyword type and i'm going to type in add text i'm going to type in teeth whitening i'll search for that right now now i can search through country and all these other areas here as well but i'm going to sort these now by the most likes um just just for this example and here we go we can now see the most liked ads running right now uh related to teeth whining that are connected to a shopify store again we can use a magneto or woocommerce or just a shopif i'm just e-commerce in general um i'm then going to show you here here's an example let's do one now let's for nightclubs say a local business like a nightclub keyword type add text again i'm going to type in nightclub i'm going to sort by the most likes again in this example no e-commerce and i'm going to search for that right now and now all the nightclub ads around the world are going to appear for me here that have the word nightclub in the ad text in the ad title um so i can go in here and see what uh ads are working the best for people advertising nightclubs and again as you scroll down it'll load more and more and more there's obviously lots of ads related to all niches we had 10 000 new ads every single day here in adverts suite here's an example of using burgers so if say you're working for a local bar client that has a burger restaurant or a restaurant in general again just typed in burgers and i can see all the different ads in the world related to burgers right now now a really cool thing about this as well is uh you can then click on the ads in this little question mark here and then go in and find out information about that ad who has been engaged where the ads being targeted to along with the landing page itself so if i click on this it's going to pull up the actual landing page that this ad is being sent to boom this is where they're sending this audit to right now because again it's so important to make sure your ad correlates to the landing page because if that connection isn't right the conversions aren't going to work so you can see what is working so you can just simply replicate uh what is out there to go out with a successful ad right away demographics the majority of people engaging with this ad in this case are you can see its information how long they're running it for how long it's been seen for what countries it's being targeted this specific ad is uh being targeted specifically to india uh and the age groups here of 18 to 20 as well so all this key information means you can just replicate this so you don't need to test other different areas as well you can go with what's working right away now again here's another example i typed in make money so we can see all the different make money ads that are online here on facebook again you can select languages age groups you can see if they've got what type of funnel they've got happening uh if they're using click funnels leadpages so on and so forth and you can go through these and really break down the type of ads they've got running now with the upgrades the first oto which is going to convert like crazy we don't just allow this for facebook oto one means they can then do it for instagram google and youtube as well here for example i've typed in the domain and we've used adidas as the domain here so i can see all the different ads that don't um that adidas are running for their shoes for their brands you can go in here again and filter out see what's happening on these different ad groups again if i click on the question mark here it's going to show you more information about this actual ad and it's pretty damn simple of how it works so there we go there if i want to see that itself simply click learn more pulls it up here over on instagram and i can then see what type of content is working so again it takes the guesswork out of it for you you can see what people are engaging with what creative people are using the text the ads working that works so essentially other people are spending money testing so you don't have to uh here is a quick example of marketing on youtube so i typed in the keyword marketing so i can see all the different marketing ads that are on youtube and i can then go ahead and filter out according to which ones are getting the most engagement which ones aren't all right you can see this one here 13 000 likes so that's a better ad to uh to have to go over and see how what they've done there see the landing page the ad goes to uh what their call to action is versus this one here which has zero likes um but it's been seen by 68 000 people and no one's really engaging with that ad itself there and again you just keep on scrolling down uh here's mr fred lam you can see what is happening right and the titles they use and this is the information um that would really help create a successful ad because if you don't know it you're just trying to guess what titles you use what text to use what image to use what video to use what age groups to target what locations to target if you want in the news feed or on the sidebar and what type of ad advert suite removes all that guesswork for you here i'm showing you a google example again for local marketing if you're doing local marketing i've used a surgeon for example here did the keyword typed in surgeon here and you can see all the different surgery ads that are running around the world now again i haven't selected the country but you can really start to break it down and see what ads are working and finally here i just wanted to show you again the front end product is the facebook so you get facebook with all this information here for a one-time small investment the first upgrade oto one and allows you to have instagram google and youtube open as well you can get unlimited searches you can favorite ads you can go in there and play around with any of this if you need review access right now i've got it for you guys um send me a message here and again it's just as simple as clicking through these oto2 is going to be our vip training where i actually show you how to not only uh use this software in the best way possible but then how to go out and create really profitable ads through ads manager so anyone that's never done a facebook ad before that can take this and take my training and implement it to start making some serious bank finally oto three is going to be our white label version which again will allow you to remove our advert suite logo put their logo in there have their own unique login page with their own logo on the login page as if it was theirs they can they can generate license keys they can sell them rent them give them away revoke them whatever they want um we're giving away 20 license keys for that deal there and then it's an absolute no-brainer so rather than going and i want to get this in your hands give you access to it we go live on august 21st we have over 20 000 in no minimum prizes we have a pre-launch as well if you need me to do a webinar for you i'm more than happy to do that uh this is something i've been working on for years uh and we've finally been it got to the point now where we are ready to release this release it uh so for anyone doing paid ads or wanting to get the fastest way to get the most amount of traffic to their sites advert suite is for them so let me give you a review copy let me get you set up with anything you need swipes bonuses bonus pages a few bad jokes from me if you want whatever it is you need uh let's get it done and i'm so excited to have you become a part of advert suite which goes live again august 21st at 9 00 a.m eastern the jv page is advert suite dot com forward slash jv message myself or simon harris for anything you need at all and i'm so excited for you to be a part of this thanks guys

- FREE Facebook Ads Course For Coaches 2025 (Full Guide + Templates) | Get More Clients At Scale: Kind: captions Language: en the quickest way to grow your coaching business is through advertising when you've got a working ad system that is hyper repeatable and you can have it running as often as you want to literally have clients and leads and into clients on demand that is when you can grow your coaching business at will inside this course right here we're going to go through the exact way that online coaches can use Facebook ads to generate coaching clients for their coaching business everything from where do we send them the ad copy you should use to add images you should use that add structure that you should use everything in between is going to be inside this simple quick and to the point video so that you can run successful Facebook ads that don't just get reached don't just get clicks but actually get clients and if you get value from these deep Dives and you want more clients for your coaching business hit the like button hit the Subscribe button and if you really want to interact go into the comments and ask me a question inside there and I'll get back to you soon went into step one is your hyper growth system so we're gonna dive in right here and look at where should we actually send people from your Facebook ads many coaches think oh I need the Perfect Image I need the the perfect piece of copy I need the perfect offer if you don't know where you're actually going to send people and what you want them to do on the other side of the advert it doesn't matter how good you are at stopping them scrolling it doesn't matter how good you are getting them to click a button if you don't know how to turn people into clients on the other end of that click then you are not going to generate clients for your coaching business you're just going to run up an expensive Facebook ads bill that may even have some nice metrics on the dashboard but you're not going to actually generate coaching clients so the very first thing that we need to focus upon here is your hyper growth system now I just want to point out here on screen like you can see the very thing that is created the most amount of six multi six and seven figure coaching businesses inside the private coaching with us that we're sharing month on month on month like you can see January February March April May June an abundance of coaches who are scaling their coaching businesses so quickly this would not be possible without having our ad systems I'm about to share with you in detail here in their coaching businesses we needed to be able to scale their coaching businesses and their offers quickly through successful Facebook advertising to be able to hit these numbers in quick succession without Facebook ads sure can they grow their coaching business 100 can they grow their coaching business relatively quickly 100 but can they take their coaching business to a whole new level not really so what we need to do is send people to what we call hyper growth strategy so let's look into what hyper growth strategy actually is so that you can have understanding and we'll even look at some examples of what they are so the first thing is a hyper growth strategy can generate clients from strangers in under one week of okay so we're not looking at that old thing of Facebook takes a long time to optimize we have to build no like and Trust if you have the right hyper growth strategy it should be able to generate clients in under seven days number two is it can be repeated as often as you want so whether you want to do this 365 days a year or you want to do this once per month it is completely up to you we want to create something here that you can turn on and off like a tap whenever you need more leads and sales for your coaching business number three it has additional marketing and business benefits like for instance if you spend 100 bucks on Facebook ads and you make a thousand pounds back in terms of coaching sales you've made a 10x return but we want systems in place in which there is a whole bunch of additional marketing business benefits on the other side such as building your followers up building up an email list or building up your unconverted leads list so that there are our future sales to be made from your efforts with Facebook ads as well as the immediate sales that happen in under seven days and so I'm going to quickly go through four hyper growth strategies right here we've got 14 that we have fully templated inside the private coaching that we absolutely love to cherry pick for the perfect coach that we're working with however I'm going to quickly go through four that are very very successful that you can pick and choose from here number one is free challenges free challenges are absolutely incredible because the value associated with them is so high and getting people to come into them is a very very low barrier to entry give us your name and email address in that scenario it's really simple to get people in which means that the low cost per lead can often be below one pound we have people inside the private coaching every single week running five day free challenges that achieve a cost per lead below one pound per person and when I'm talking about one pound per person I mean mean that they're still getting two three four five hundred people coming into their free challenges at this type of price point so not only do they achieve really low cost per leads but simultaneously having five days in terms of an immersive experience can take the coldest of audiences to being ready to actually want to invest in your highest ticket programs by the end of those five days so like I said we want to be able to convert people in under seven days five day free challenges are tremendous for it number two is paid challenges paid challenges of course have a paywall there's a higher barrier to entry but the quality goes through the roof so if you have really good ads you can actually achieve a break even or better whilst promoting your let's say 14 day paid challenge seven day pay challenge 10 day paid challenge 30 day paid challenge you can achieve a break even or better in a short space of time and you can walk in with 50 100 100 50 200 people inside a paid experience which means a higher quality person comes in in terms of their likelihood of becoming a coaching client further to that you know that because they've invested in themselves they would be interested in investing in themselves in the future if the right offer is put in front of them in the right moment paid challenges are tremendous for this number three is a lead magnet funnel really simple this is something that can run 365 days in the background without any live delivery from you yourself all you need to do is come up with something that your Target demographic actually wants but is also in line with the next thing that you would ask them to do so don't just ask yourself what does my Target demographic want and then go and lean into creating that thing make sure that it's not only what they want but it is also the perfect stepping stone to asking them to book a call with you or to buy the next logical product in your product Suite lead magnet funnels are really simple all you need to do is get their name and email address and it's in exchange give them access to that thing that you promised them so that can be nothing more than getting a name and email address and then sending them a PDF a download a free training that they can watch and then you can ask them to book that call or buy that logical thing on the other side having a really great email sequence on the other side of this is what really sets a lead magnet funnel on fire and number four here is live master classes live master classes are absolutely incredible because we can have a whole bunch of people not just immersing themselves in your training but being there live and when people are there live they tend to pay a lot more attention they're in a heightened State and they're much more likely to take you up on your call to action on the other side live master classes are an incredible thing for very specific styles of coaches but one of the things I'm going to ask you to do in a second is not just have me tell you which one you should do a big part of optimizing your Facebook ad strategy is knowing the thing that resonates best with you so we'll get to that in a second and so just as an example here on screen Josh for instance ran a live Master Class his first one with us around 600 sign ups he made 19 070 pounds in sales and by the way this is when he spent well less than a thousand pounds on Facebook ads he also got 580 emails outside of the people who signed up with him so take into account the marketing and business benefits that we talked about and now when he does things like super Spike offers and many other things that you hear on this channel when he does that he has this massive pipeline of additional new people who have been through an immersive experience so what did we do there we converted people in under seven days but we also built marketing and business benefits completely for free on the other side Becky for instance completely different style of Coach Becky we did a pay challenge we Cherry Picked that one for her from her pay challenge 120 people signed up she made two uh 22 600 in sales in the space of about five to seven days here she also outside of the people who signed up she also got about a 100 people joining her email list it might not sound as juicy as what Josh did but Becky had people who were paying clients coming onto her email list so pros and cons and both of them are massive wins and then on top of that super Spike offers and anything else again that you see on this channel Becky has all of these people that she can go to to follow up with so she's consistently filling that pipeline as well as making all these sales and then finally Lindsay as another example she ran a five day free challenge now Lindsay 420 sign ups with her first ever challenge that she ran with us using our challenge system and the Shawnee 255 method that we're going through here 27 280 in Sales Plus that by the way she actually made 34 000 in cash collected uh also got 400 additional emails come into her email list and then also Lindsay has the same benefits that she can do on the other side of her unconverted leads as well so huge Roi in all three cases with three completely different hyper growth strategies and also on the other side they also got those bonus marketing and business benefits when you have the right hyper growth strategy for you that is when everything pieces together inside your coaching business to build profitable repeatable systems that you can rely on month to month to generate coaching clients for your business and so the first thing to look at here is which one feels best for you is it the live master class is it the pay challenge is it the free challenge is it the lead magnet which one feels right for you because Josh had a system Becky had a system Lindsay had a system but they were all completely different from each other and if you want to have repeatable systems in your coaching business and you want to jump out of bed and love growing your coaching business you need to have the things that you can see yourself doing and repeating for a long time to come because these things take a little bit of time to put together on the front end but the second time the third time the fourth time that you do it it's about 10 of the effort but you can optimize and have even better results the second third and fourth time that you actually do them this is what creates super successful coaching businesses so you need to find the one that doesn't just uh sit well with you and your coaching business and your Target demographic but also the one that you can see yourself doing long term so take your pick here of the four in front of you and the one that you feel would be best for you okay so we've got our hyper growth strategy now let's go into number two which is your audiences so with your audiences you want to have two different sets of audiences you want to have people who know who you are and people who don't know who you are and you want to Target both of them and we're going to show you exactly how to do it inside this video but one thing that would be absolutely great for you to take into account here is it doesn't matter how good your ads are if they're in front of the wrong person so sure we can have the best images the best videos the best copy even the best hyper growth system but if it's not put in front of the right person we are not going to be generating any coaching clients anytime soon so we need to also have great audiences that we can put our great hands in front of so that we can get great conversions on the other side and so the road to add success with your audiences is really simple all you need are five warm audiences and five cold audiences to increase the likelihood of success by 50x and when we go into step four here the final step I'm going to show you how that is not hyperbole that is a mathematical additional outcome that you can get from using the Sony 255 method okay so let's go into what those five worm audiences and five cold audiences would actually look like so your five warm audiences are going to come into number one what I call seven day stack now seven day stack is my favorite ad set of all time now you probably don't have a favorite ad set of all time which you should probably be working upon however seven day stack is likely to become that one once you're running great Facebook ads the same seven day stock is really simple it's taken three audiences and bundling them together and that is anybody who has visited your website in the last seven days it's also anybody who has visited your Instagram profile in the last seven days and it's also anybody that engage with your Facebook page in Any Which Way in the last seven days it's finding those people that aren't just in your warm audience but they have very recently engaged with you it's such a small audience a small budget goes towards it sometimes it's pennies sometimes it's a few pounds per day but the ROI that you get on the other side of this is typically absolutely huge so seven day stack is absolutely incredible my favorite ad set of all time now the second one is a 30-day stack as you can imagine 30-day stack is the 30-day version of the seven day stack so 30 days uh website views 30 days Instagram profile visits and 30 days uh anybody who's visited or engaged with your Facebook page in any which way then we also have video views 25 video views 25 is anybody who has engaged with any of your videos and watched over 25 of any of your videos uh and it's bundling them all together so basically it means that if you had a hundred videos in the last six months it's saying that somebody had to at least watch one of those videos and they had to watch at least 25 of said videos if you've got any videos that are like six seconds long don't include the minute just go with video views 25 for any videos that are 10 seconds at the absolute minimum but you want it to be a little bit chunkier so that you have a bit of an indication that this is somebody who might recognize your face recognize your brand and also might actually be interested in what it is that you do video view audiences are incredible the next one there the fourth one is website visits 180 days so anybody who visited your website and by the way if you're using click funnels or something like that this can be placed on every single funnel so that anybody who's passively visiting for your lead magnets or for your five-day challenges or to book a call with you any of these things these people will get picked up and then you can advertise to them in the future as well and the final one there is social page engagers 365 days this is anybody that engage with your Instagram or Facebook page in the last 365 days it's very broad but it is a slight indication that they'll know who you are your brand they'll recognize you and they're interested in what it is that you do so this is our warm campaign what are our five audiences gonna be in our cold campaign very simple we've got five categories the first one is general interest so general interest let's say that you're a weight loss coach it would be people who are interested in weight loss okay really really simple if you're a business coach it would be people who are interested in entrepreneurship or the type of coaching business that you specifically have okay so general interest is the first category and you go after that on its own the second one is competitors and competitors come in different formats it can be people who are uh who are direct competitors other coaches other human beings usually to be able to find them on Facebook ads you actually have to find a much higher end uh competition so you're looking for the sort of famous the celebrity uh people who are in your space uh but alternatively it can also be companies so that weight loss coach that I said could say um dual Wix for instance would be like a big competitor of sorts secondly they could also say Weight Watchers or Slimming World or something like that would be a competitor of sorts as well the third one here is matching themes so what would somebody be interested in if they were also interested in my general interest so that weight loss coach would say my general interest is um is weight loss matching themes what would somebody be also interested in if they were interested in weight loss it might be Peloton it might be Les Mills classes it might be uh protein drinks one of these things things these matching themes is what you want to choose number four is specific demographics so that's actually now going pretty Broad and we just want to say something along the lines of they're in this location they're this age they're this gender but also on top of that they are married or they're parents or they went to University or something that just narrows it slightly not around interest targeting but around something that identifies them as a type of person as it were so a lot of people specifically will say parents a lot of people will say people have to be married a lot of people will say that they have to be a university educated these types of things just narrow that down slightly but can also help you find the people who more commonly fall into affordability for premium coaching as well so this can be a really really good one and the final one is Broad demographic that's when we go completely Broad and all we do is uh we we say location and that's usually like UK and Ireland if you sell to people in the UK in Ireland and second of all is is age and gender if that is specific to the type of people that you actually sell to so we've got really specific and then we go really broad on the other side what you've got here is 10 different audiences for Facebook to choose from to go and find Winners within but also on top of that why are we doing warm campaign and why are we doing cold camping if you bundled all of these together you would be in a position where you don't know if um if the ad spend is getting spent best on the worm campaign or the cold campaign because Facebook usually skews towards the biggest audiences so if you've got something like broad demographic and it's got 60 million people in it and then you have a seven day stack which is like your gold standard you want to be advertising to the seven day stack if you had all of these bundled together what you would end up with is Facebook skewing all of the ad spend to complete strangers with very low targeting and hey you might even get a lot lower cost per lead but is the lowest cost per lead necessarily the best no it's not the best cost per lead or the best lead that you can have coming into your coaching business is the person who is the most likely to become a coaching client so when people obsess only on the cost per lead and by the way if you are saying hey Facebook go and get me leads they are obviously going to optimize for the lowest cost per lead they are optimizing for the best looking Facebook ads dashboard okay now if we know that there's different types of leads that can come into your coaching business and we want the ones that are most likely to become coaching clients we need this warm campaign we need to be able to siphon them off and make sure that Facebook spends appropriately on these audiences so that we can get the people who know who we are who already trust us to come through our hyper gross strategies and systems to become coaching clients on the other side okay so step three of four now is to go into the creative that's the images the videos and the piece of copies of the written part basically it's the ad that people see in their dashboard so quickly go on to Instagram quickly go on to Facebook and just scroll and sometimes you're not at school now sometimes it's the first thing at the top uh you're gonna see an advert okay and so the image or the video and the supporting text that comes with it that is your creative and we're going to go through a little bit around the images here um so that you can walk away with some clarity on what is actually working for coaches to get the lowest cost per lead and get people coming in interested in knowing more about you your coaching style your your way your system and ultimately wanting to become a coaching client hopefully on the other side okay so once again the road to add success when we're looking at the creative you need just a couple of things in place here we're looking for five different images or videos so we're typically looking for four images and one video as an example so five different variations and then one or two pieces of AD copy if you've already been advertising for a while and you've got good pieces of AD copy and you know your audience very well and what works and what doesn't you don't necessarily need lots of different pieces of AD copier lots of different images you don't need 15 20 25 ads to be out there for for each Audience by any means um however when you're getting started with Facebook ads um a decent chunk of variation is um is really really useful so that we can see what type of images work well what type of videos work well and what type of copy works well for for your audience and that's why we've got a really simple system inside the Sony 255 method the step four that we'll go through in a minute here um where we actually plug and play some variation in there and it allows Facebook to show us what works and what doesn't so rather than us saying hey this image will definitely work well or this piece of copy will definitely work well we just let the market tell us what works and what doesn't and we simply turn off what doesn't work so that Facebook forces all of the ad spend into the things that do work and that's what allows our coaching clients to not even have to create new adverts every single time they want to run a challenge or a master class or a lead Magnet or any of the other hyper integral systems they get the opportunity to literally have we put on their game plan turn your ads back on so week four on Monday turn your ads back on and they literally flick a switch and block that ad campaign that worked really well last time simply just starts to fill the pipeline for the next master class for the next five day challenge or whatever it may be okay so all you need is those uh five images and videos uh put together it can be just five images and I wouldn't say five videos um but five different pieces and then one to two pieces of AD copy on top of that and we'll go into it now so a couple of things to take into account before I show you some variations of the images and that you can be putting out there to maximize the the leads that you're getting and minimize the cost per lead as well like what is actually working in terms of images I'm just going to point out here that what you want is some variation so you don't want to just say hey that works really well or I saw another coach using something like that so I'm just gonna do five variations of that I'm want to show you that and variation and The Wider the variation the better here and for a few different reasons okay and second of all you want that image that you're going to put out there to be either square or you want it to be vertical so you want it to be tall so we want to take up as much of the the news feed as possible the only time that you would want it to be horizontal is if it's cropping it to square or making it tall would ruin the image like for instance I have an authority based image that I'll show you in a second that works really well for my advertising in which I'm standing in front of about 120 of our clients with my arms open at one of our Live Events and part of what makes it Authority status is is the amount of people who are in the room if I was to crop that to Too Tall you would just see me in the middle and you wouldn't see anything really behind me so you need to take that into account when taking this little nugget and this piece of advice so let's look at some examples here we've got eight different variations or eight different categories of of AD image that we share inside the private culture and we believe template and I'm going to go through four of them quickly here for you so that you can see what this can look like okay so number one is authority authority is anything that really showcases you in that position of power if you will uh that Authority status position of you being the coach so this could be if you've ever stepped on stage and done any public speaking it could be an image like that it could also be you standing beside one of your clients who has had an amazing body transformation or it could be you sitting down at a laptop let's say you're a business coach so sitting down at a laptop with one of your clients and somebody gets a good snap of that that type of authority status imagery works really well interestingly with this I tend to find that the more that I lean into Authority status imagery it's not necessarily the best cost per lead but I tend to find that when we have authority status and plenty of authority status imagery in the ads themselves we tend to get better results on the other side of the ads so I think that not only is it okay in terms of lowering the cost per lead but it gets people coming in with a kind of like oh wow like I see that that person's doing well or they've got coaching clients or you know that type of feeling like not All Leads are created equally how they come in will very often determine how they come out the other side of it so Authority status is something to have in your ad campaigns even if it's not the the lowest cost per lead that you're seeing okay the second one here is fun and family right and by the way I've not used this as an example but if you've got any pets this can go absolutely Bonkers I've got a campaign um with one of our private coaching clients Fraser right now and it's actually for um for ebooks so he's actually selling he's not even actually um he's not even doing this as like a freebie he's actually selling and he's getting almost a 10x return on his ad spend the most successful image is his fun and family variation which is actually him with his dog so uh when you've got animals in there or faces in there and you can look like a normal human being and not just our coach and then not saying that us as coaches hey we're we're normal human beings but you know what I mean like you're looking to to be in the news feed as somebody who looks like uh like a friend like somebody that they're following they're not necessarily an advert so something like this with me and my wife is is really good um a third one is selfie selfie is so underrated for the same reason as the fun and family the the selfie allows you to really part and interrupt because selfies tend to get people um stop and scrolling and again not looking at this like it's an advert okay now number four on the contrary here works for a completely different reason it completely looks like an advert okay but uh this simple text on color is a complete pattern interrupt and it also showcases exactly what it is that you're asking them to do there's a couple of variations that we've got again inside the private coaching one is does what it says attend what are they getting and then the other one is does what it says in the tin but it is what is the outcome of what they're getting and both of them work really well so I've kind of given you five instead of four here um but this one it's so funny you might look at all of these and if I was to say which one do you think is going to be the best before I mean you'd probably say like Authority status or maybe the funner family or you know those ones that I just gave the examples of but number four is typically the most successful especially when you are doing uh lead Magnet or a five-day challenge something that doesn't have a paywall this works incredibly well and by the way the most important part of any of the hyper growth systems that we went through at the start is the name right it's not the it's not the the ads it's not the color it's not the authority status image the most important part of getting people especially from cold audiences who have never heard of you before to turn into coaching clients or turn into opt-in and on the other side of this the most important part is the name does what it says in the tin in fact I've actually got a template for I think all of the the ones that we went through there and it's a Google doc and it's simply like fill in the blanks to come up with the perfect name for a five-day challenge the perfect name for a lead magnet the perfect name for a paid challenge the perfect name for a master class if you want that um at Neil shonimac on Instagram just literally say naming template and I'll send it across you and in fact I've actually got some templates for for these images as well if you want some images and some ad copy templates it'll save us a bit of time here as well to go any deeper on this and it can save you a ton of time and effort in putting these together on the other side so if you want some templates for for images for your ads and copy for your ads then say um add templates on there on Instagram so send me that message add templates or naming template ours say balls and I'll send both over to you completely for free you don't need to opt in you don't need to join my email list I'll literally just send you the link so that you can grab access to this right now so step four here is the Sony 255 method so this is the system this is where you go and plug all of these things in it is as simple as taking the audiences that you've already pre-planned that we just went through so if you've gone and pre-planned your own the warm is already taken care of the cold you have to make your own decisions what's your Target demographic what are your matching themes and so on and so forth so diving in so that you've got a great understanding of the Sony 255 method right here what do you usually have when you hit publish okay so if you have been told by anybody like myself anybody that teaches Facebook advertising in any which way if you've been told do not use the Boost button go to Facebook ads manager hit the green create add button and just go through the the seven steps of creating a Facebook ad what happens on the other side of it like you you'll have been told that's what you do so that you can get really specific and it gets completely different results sure and it's completely true and that is exactly what I'm going to tell you to do as well however when you do it when coaches do it this unfortunately what I've got on screen here is what you end up with at the end of that 45 minutes of putting your advert together this is what you end up with you end up with what I call a 111 campaign you've got one campaign going to one ad set and for easiness of understanding that's your audience that's the who is going to see this so one audience and then you have one ad you have one advert that's the images the videos and the copy that we just spoke about as well so in that scenario where you have one one one you have to hope that your image is perfect that your copy is perfect that it's going to the Right audience and even the campaign structure that you have at the start is setting the whole thing up was all perfect I've been teaching Facebook ads for eight and a half years eight and a half years of teaching Facebook ads and working with thousands of coaches in scaling their coaching businesses through Facebook ads super successfully and I can tell you that if I was running ads like the majority of coaches are like this I would fail 50 of the time because this right here is nothing more than a best guess and a roll of the dice so what do you do differently rather than the 111 campaign well you do the Shawnee 255 method so the only 255 method it might look complicated but here's the reality and I'm gonna go through this anyway so that you're crystal clear and exactly how it works how to set it up and everything in between but when you do this when you create your 111 campaign because you will have to to create the Sony 255 method we all start with one campaign one ad set and one advert when you put this all together here this might take you even with our training it might still take you 20 20 25 minutes to put together right because it's the it's all of the stepping stones and you need to get and all the pieces create the way that we do it inside the private coaching is literally I hit the green create add button and you press pause and make sure that your video or your screen looks like my screen and then you move on to the next bit and we literally build the ads together it's so simple um a lot of people say it's worth the entire year investment inside the private coaching is um is that like 40 minute video that sets up the whole Sony 255 method but when we create this right here it can take 20 minutes however getting to this right here can take not multiples and multiples and multiples it can take an extra 10 15 minutes to put all of this together because Facebook has a beautiful thing called the duplicate button okay so don't get overwhelmed by how long this would take to put together it's actually extremely short amount of time to put this together especially if you've done all the other steps you've grabbed the templates from us and you've edited them made them your own it works really well okay so two campaigns why do we have two campaigns we already talked about this slightly but the two kind campaigns that we have we have two campaigns so that we're splitting out the warm in the cold right so we don't want warm audiences and cold audiences to both get the the uh the ad budget spread between them because if we don't split these out then remember the cold audiences are much bigger than the the warm audiences and Facebook is going to put all the money towards the huge audiences and if it achieves a lower cost per lead which often it does it's going to push even more of the budget there not to your warm audiences why do we want warm and cold just as that recap again not All Leads are created equally you want in any of your live experiences or any of the hyper growth strategies that we we went through there you want a mix of warm and cold here's a dream scenario you run a five-day challenge you have 300 people in there you would want a hundred warm and you'd want 200 cold it would have a very low cost per lead on average you would have 300 people in there guess what happens when you're a hundred warm people in there rather than 300 cold audience people when you have those 100 warm people not only are you more likely to sign them up as clients but they're going to be the energy in the room they're the people that are going to get everybody else all the cold audience people who are skeptical about this person that they found through a Facebook ad and they're gonna say oh wow this person's already been following them for a while this person's already worked with them before this person is their biggest fan all those people are going to create the herd mentality of I'm going to take part I'm gonna be full of energy I'm going to show up on the lies and it's going to get all of those cold audiences to bring the energy of a warm audience right that is when you have the examples that we went through when Lindsay's running her first ever Facebook ads campaign with us our first ever five day challenge with us and making 34k of sales from what is probably about a four to six hundred pound ad spend that's because she has the mix of the warm and the cold here okay that that is the the sort of dream scenario outcome which is why we have two campaigns rather than just one then on the inside of the campaign you have your ad sets so your ad sets or your audiences remember for easings for understanding an ad set you could say is like your who your audience who is going to get to see my ads and remember you just have the audiences that we went through which I'll show you in a second and then on the right hand side here we have our five ads now five ads can easily become 10 ads if we have two pieces of AD copy instead of one piece of AD copy which can by the way when I get to this in a second it can increase your rate of success by 100x rather than 50x okay so really really simple two campaigns five audiences for each campaign and five ads for each of those audiences so we've got our two campaigns there let's look at one example here the cold campaign so we had our warm we had our cold here's your cold campaign as an example so you've got your call Camp in there what is interest number one weight loss remember we talked about the weight loss coach what's the general interest somebody interested in weight loss number two competitors we said it could be dual Wix it could be Weight Watchers it could be Slimming World it could be something else let's go with Weight Watchers number three Martin themes Peloton okay number four specific demographics women who are married in the UK and then finally broad demographics women over 35 in the UK okay so if you're a weight loss coach for instance this would be five audiences to go after to give Facebook the variation that they need to go and find the winners because you might think oh well obviously the the audience called people who are interested in weight loss would obviously be the the best audience to go after it is so common that though the very audience that you think would be the least likely to perform here becomes the best performer like for instance Josh that I showed you the example of who made uh 19k of sales or over 19k of sales uh in one week from his live Master Class his most successful ad or I add audience in his cold campaign is his matching theme right so his audience is high-end corporates who are looking to change career and so I said well what would that type of demographic also maybe be interested in well if they're high-end corporate and they're older demographic they're probably interested in things like their house upgrades they're within affordability to do it so why not do interested in interior design he put that into place it's the best performer of all okay so don't just go ah well I see what Neil's doing here but I'm Gonna Leave it and I'm probably just gonna do the one one campaign because I know my demographic really well it's very often the best performer by an absolute mile is uh one that you didn't think was gonna happen so do the full Sony 255 method here to maximize it now let's look at the five ads what would the five ads look like how would this be simplified well ad number one would be image number one and your first piece of copy so remember image number one if you're watching on YouTube you'll be able to see it on screen right now that's your Authority image the second one is the fun and family so ad number two is just duplicating ad number one and changing one thing the image and then hitting publish okay ad number three is taking the selfie right and putting that in there as ad number three and number four is the colorful background which does what it says in the the tin on the front end as well and then add number five would be either your fifth image variation or it would be your video okay and that would give five variations right there and should you really go for images or should you go for videos or should you just go with images because it's easy let's just do five images just to let you know if you do videos and you do even a half decent job with the video your cost per lead will significantly go down your quality per lead will significantly go up okay so have at least one video in there if you can the easiest thing for you to do is take your piece of AD copy which is obviously well articulated and well written and it's taken what could have been said in a in an essay into a short few lines to simplify the reason why they should be signing up just walk outside and take that as your script that is the simple way to create uh videos for ads for anything like we're talking about right here okay and then from there you've got the Sony 255 method so once you plug and play all this in and you've created that first I'd say it's nothing more than duplicating the ad set and changing the audience when you have your first campaign it's nothing more than duplicating the campaign and changing the audiences from warm to cold or cold to warm and then you've got your second campaign up and running as well now if you've got any questions about Facebook ads or generating clients for your coaching business simply drop them below into the comments if this has been valuable to you please hit the the like And subscribe button it would massively help and I'm going to do tons of these deep Dives and I'll go into anything that you want in terms of Facebook ads or indeed any type of advertising that you're interested in we've got modules inside the private coaching on Facebook ads on Tick Tock ads on LinkedIn ads on Google ads on YouTube ads which are I know the same but it will same platform the same way that Facebook and Instagram run from the same platform but if you have anything that you want in terms of advertising dive deep into it could be ad copy it could be a very specific type of campaign then please let me know into the comments and I will create that video for you on this channel if you would like to just get this set up with us helping you every single step giving you feedback at every single step then I usually encourage people to not just sign up for the private coaching but to actually just come and spend 30 minutes with us where we'll dive into your business audit it and show you all of the biggest opportunities the biggest leverages uh the or levers that we can pull inside your coaching business to grow as quickly as possible I'll drop down below what's called a six week custom market and Plan Building session come and join us on one of those sessions if you booked one before but you now know you want to join the private coaching book it again and let's dive on and let's pull your business apart in a good way put it back together and perfect it for growth in the future other than that thanks so much for tuning in I'll see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @NeilShoneyMac [46 likes]: Would you like me to do a long form deep dive on my top performing ads of the year? Give it a like or comment below and I'll make it for you 👊
  2. @MeriDigitalPehchan [2 likes]: Should I go with Dynamic Creatives or 5 Different ADS are necessary to make
  3. @simonolney9224 [2 likes]: Brilliant video! Thanks. When it comes to placements what do you recommend? Advantage + or Manual? 😊
  4. @jocurry76 [1 likes]: Is this only for coaches?
  5. @thechristianrayflores [1 likes]: Such a great vid - are there other vids that do the step by step on the meta ads dashboard view?
  6. @InspireWisdom-w4r5 [1 likes]: most informative video😍
  7. @Dr.ben21 [1 likes]: Anyone here done Neil's Private Coaching for fb ads? Sounds good. Curious about what it would cost ans whether I can afford it.
  8. @danny14121982 [1 likes]: Brilliant video, one of the best FB add ones I've seen. I just had a couple of questions which would be great if you could help with. If using the challenge method, what have you found the best objective to use, FB leadform and then send the challenge by e-mail? And for the cold audiences, in our niche it's hard to find competitors, would it be worth doing a lookalike audience of any of the warm audiences? Thanks, Danny
  9. @anthonypoints4157 [1 likes]: super helpful vid @neil. thank you.
  10. @AlanWöhler [1 likes]: This video is filled with gems! Thank you so much! Since you are using 2 campaigns, do you select the budget inside the campaign level or ad set level?

And do I post a selfie or fun/family pic even if it has nothing to do with my coaching niche?

That would clear a lot of things up for me Neil!
  11. @ChicoValenciaTv [1 likes]: So much value here! thanks
  12. @MeriDigitalPehchan [1 likes]: After some time do we need to pause some ads which are not performing well or just believe on Facebook and CBO and keep them running by adding the budgets in the backend
  13. @MeriDigitalPehchan [1 likes]: Do we need to have all 30 ads different or same ads can be used
  14. @bootiquejay [1 likes]: What do you recommend for a starting daily budget for your 2-5-5 method?
  15. @wearefunnyproject6318 [1 likes]: Apologies if I have missed it. Or perhaps it's not openly available? Do you have ad copy scripts available that I can tweak and use as I try the Shoney 5-2-2 method for the next 7 days please? Just made a call appointment for later this week, looking forward :)
  16. @dineshmadusanka5307 [1 likes]: A
Of
  17. @joyirelandonline: This post appears to have an updated title, I can't put a generic 25% views on my videos, I need to select the videos is there a work around?
  18. @hetalshah4441: 8 : 00
  19. @Yakoubmadov: I watched your video, thanks for the insights. 

I've finished my VSL + Funnel, started the ads a few days ago. Here's the issue i discovered : 
- If you have a broad ad set, it drains the budget from the whole campaign.

Is that normal ?
  20. @pavitrasurve1070: आई तुळजा भवानी माता की जय आई राजा उदो उदो सदानंदी चा उदो उदो

- STOP Boosting Facebook Posts | Do THIS Instead: Kind: captions Language: en oh man this is gonna be the best facebook post ever i can't wait to see how many likes i get i might even bring out the happy face background on this bad boy to really jazz it up perfect now there's just one thing left to do hold up stop the beat a minute adam yeah don't you dare touch that boost post button not unless you want to end up angry and alone living under a bridge blaming facebook for what could have been should have been and never was simply because you didn't take the time to find a better way to get your content in front of more people i don't want to live under a bridge weird old professor i don't know what you're supposed to be then come with me and let me show you a better way and the fact is there is a better way if you're thinking about or are currently boosting posts on facebook i'm going to show you an alternative that will not only get you better results but they will also give you more control more feedback and more opportunities with very little extra effort so now let me show you how it's done starting by answering one of the most important questions of all what exactly is a facebook boosted post anyway well according to facebook boosted posts are ads you create from posts on your facebook page and that's really the biggest key here a boosted post starts just like any other old regular organic post on your facebook page but then through the magical power of boosting you turn it into an ad which means you spend money to show it to more people because as we all know organic reach on facebook is pretty much gone but if organic reach is dead then isn't boosting posts the only way to get your content in front of more people and to that i say nay or no cause not a horse but i am a man with a plan which means that no matter what goal i'm trying to achieve i'm always looking for the best and most effective way to do it and in no scenario or situation is boosting posts a better plan when compared to running a simple facebook ad campaign that's set up properly right from the beginning you see with a boosted post you create a post and then you can boost it and spend money on it if you want but putting money behind a post and turning it into an ad is often an afterthought something that comes up once you're done writing it which means you probably don't have a clear intention in mind for what you wanted to do and what success would even look like i mean is it enough that more people see it or do you want them to actually do something and if so what is it and how are you going to track and measure that on the other hand when you create an ad using the facebook ads manager your intention is different right from the beginning you know full well going into this thing that you're going to be spending money and that attitude changes the amount of time and energy and thought that you put into your content not to mention boosting a post today is a lot more complicated than it once was so you're still going to need to think about targeting and placements and budget but when you boost a post you're going to be doing all of this after you've posted your content which is completely backwards there are a few more other practical reasons to avoid boosting posts as well as well as some key differences between just boosting a post and running a proper facebook ad so first let's talk about audiences when you boost a post facebook is going to ask you who you want to target and they may even suggest a smart audience which is their best guess based on how you set up your facebook page more often than not though this smart audience is very dumb because it may not align with your specific campaign your content or what you're trying to achieve the other issue is placements these change all the time but you're significantly more limited when boosting when compared to setting something up inside facebook ads manager and having just an absolute ton of options to choose from there which also means you can be more selective about what placements you don't want to spend money on but the biggest factor of all of them has to do with the objective of your advertising campaign and 90 of the time when you're spending money on ads it should be done in the form of something called direct response marketing which is marketing that's designed to get an instant response by your prospect in regards to getting them to take some kind of specific action in other words direct response marketing is very goal-oriented and those goals are typically very easy to track and to measure and to manage the alternative to direct response marketing is something known as brand awareness marketing here the goal is a little more fluffy ethereal ephemeral what's the difference between ethereal and ephemeral so brand awareness marketing is more fluffy and ethereal and ephemeral and it's harder to track brand awareness marketing is important to a point but it isn't usually as goal focused on something like increasing sales or providing some kind of direct and trackable metric this is why this kind of brand awareness marketing is typically reserved for those big billion dollar brands who have a large budget and can afford to be a little more casual and loose with their advertising dollars still not very smart but for most businesses though when you boost a post or run an ad or spend any kind of money on your marketing whatsoever you'd better be sure that you're measuring your results and making sure that you're getting something back in return that's of equal or greater value to the money you're spending more commonly known as roi or return on investment or in the case of advertising row as or return on ad spend and the best way to make sure that the money you're spending on ads is actually delivering something of value back in return is by setting up something known as a conversion campaign inside the facebook ads manager with a conversion campaign you can still choose your targeting and placements and ad copy and all of that but what you're telling facebook is that what really matters to you here what's really important is getting somebody to actually take action and do something this could be to download a lead magnet to send you a message to book a call or even to buy something directly from the ad this does require an additional step of downloading and installing a tracking pixel but that's easier now than ever before and i'll put a link in the descriptions below that'll show you exactly how to do it but if all of this sounds a little overwhelming don't worry you don't actually need ads to grow a business which is why i've linked up a video right here on my number one organic marketing strategy so make sure to check it out now and i'll see in the next video the solution is to use a combination approach known as peso which stands for paid earned shared and owned so let me break those down for you now paid media is wait for it anything that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [4 likes]: 👉 Beginner? Start here (free course): https://adamerhart.com/course
⚙ Business owner? Grab my full marketing system (free): https://adamerhart.com/system
🔥 Want faster results? Join the 5-Day Bootcamp: https://adamerhart.com/bootcamp
  2. @krispernny4346 [3 likes]: I watched the whole video, and it felt like a lot of talk with no real takeaway. I ended up feeling like I wasted my time!
  3. @adelekruse2927: blah blah blah
  4. @Peter_Granfors: do this he said, we never got a direction of what to do, so,, just a lot of BS
  5. @jamesdevine7237: Facebook
  6. @hondredboyz4148: You are just a noice maker
  7. @sahil8522: What a waste of time listening  to this trash talker. He either thinks he is talking logic here, or the people are just stupid listening to this misleading and wrongly titled video. I feel bad leaving a comment because even this will get him more traffic to his channel but I had to get it out of my system.
  8. @YourChoice-world: Hopeless
  9. @DiscoverTodayLearnwithEase: Stupid video
  10. @Shellycheapandclean-u6w: 😂😂😂😂😂 I know its wrong to boost 😊
  11. @ShasiBahu: You talk took much and beat around the bush too much. Just get to your point without flexing your fancy terms
  12. @NicekidNoni: Oh really
  13. @deleokuwobi2491: With all due respect to the speaker and the hard work they put into making this video. I'm sure this video helped many people, but it did not help me. I watched this three times, and after the third time, I realized that each time I thought I was going to get an actionable item, the script pivoted to another topic with a lengthy explanation. It was a frustrating experience watching this video.
  14. @wrxnothere5469: this guy boosted this clickbait post ! :))
  15. @animalfacts_xtreme: nice video very informative!
  16. @Fargosportsmassage: THIS POOR GUY
  17. @frankieculpepper6028: I tapped boost and without asking me, they already charged me, had amount of times to show, plus renewal, because they already had my card ID. I was on the phone over an hour trying to get them to take it off and fb kept me going in circles. Finally I paid what they charged me for, and then they took it down.  I never agreed to anything.
  18. @FBL9292: Time wasted
  19. @asrbetimi: TRASH TALK.
  20. @Flourish-od7cx: Very useless content and waste of time 🙄

- The Different Types Of Facebook Ads - Best Way To Make Money Online 2018: Kind: captions Language: en ah what he was at his house now he's at the office he just does it all it's because I can teleport watch now watch again I don't know what kind of effect he did to make it actually look like I was back in the studio at home but I hope it worked alright so the next thing I want to do is I want to give you guys an overview of Facebook the number one question that I get is this feeling gene you know I understand Facebook works for those on there industries but will it work for me my industry is different shut up right now let me explain to you something about Facebook and real simple terms walk with me now by the way when I do those teleport things in real time I want you to see how far I'm walking come back here Angie I just watch from here wait for it and then I come here and then I'm here so it's like why waste my teleportation powers on such I don't know anyways so Facebook so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] sick of that question this is what Facebook is this is called a Facebook billboard this is all Facebook ads is is over here this is called repeat after me the world okay this is the world there's like the other parts of it I don't know how it's designed it's got like some water and stuff this is the world that's why it's a circle and this is a billboard so big that everyone in the world can see it so just Facebook work for my business well the chances are your clients on Facebook no they're not on faceook shut up 1.7 billion people are on Facebook and it's actually more than that so if you're advertising to humans then there's a good chance that your client is on Facebook at least if they live in 2017 right so there you go now the next component to advertising on Facebook it's just putting whatever message you want in front of anyone in the world so if you want to advertise to somebody and like you're up or something you're gonna be like hey what's up I'm in San Diego how are you doing today if you want advertising someone and you know here you can do that too so at the end of the day when it comes to Facebook advertising here's simply what you're doing you're putting a message in front of anybody in the world that's it now what you say in that message to convince this person who's in the world to buy your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's what you're in the class for that's what we're doing it's the automated crane we have this crane that goes it picks out people and it turns them in to money in your pocket I hope that makes it I'm just so sick of that question does it well it's a it doesn't it's not a thing it's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] platform with people on it and you're just getting their attention same thing a magazine does or anything else okay I've done being frustrated at you I love you now going back so now that we got that out of the way with we're on Facebook as you know it right you go in you can kind of scroll down people are posting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] etc etc etc etc etc etc so what I want to point to you out now are the different types of Facebook ads that you can create the different types for example this right here is called the Facebook newsfeed this is one of the most popular out of advertisement forms and this right here is called the right column new suite ads right column ads you know what now that you kind of visually seen this I think it may be easier to show you with a presentation okay we're back again so Facebook Ads Jordan was nice enough to create us this little presentation that have screenshots of all the different types of ads you can create Facebook refers to these as placements in other words where are you placing your advertisement so placement number one let's go ahead Jordan move the thing Lascaux let's go keep going let's go let's go oh waiting for boom there's a newsfeed ad right there an example of one of ours they show up there the biggest or the most real estate and this is where the most eyeballs typically are but continuing on there are also other places they had show up that right column that we just showed you now for us personally as an agency we like to use the right column for retargeting I gotta be honest with you I'm not a super fan of the right column that I was about three four years ago but now my Crazy's about so we rarely use those but it's an option continue on Instagram Facebook owns Instagram and as a result all of the advertising that you want to do on Instagram has to be done through Facebook and to do that people say well how do I ever tie this on Instagram you just go to Facebook and select Instagram as a placement it takes you about three seconds next the audience network now this one's a little trickier when you're creating your ad and we'll walk you through all that in just a minute facebook allows you to advertise on what's called the audience network so Facebook being the giant company it is has a lot of partners partners that agree to allow us marketers to advertise on their sites so it may show up as something like this banner shown at the bottom or type of website Jasper's market or Billie Jean is marketing or john doe's company and may also show up here right like actually as little miniature sites it may even show up in the Display Network as one of a bunch of other images so basically Facebook's taking their big smart computer and saying huh according to the people they're trying to target these would be the best destinations to advertise and they're doing it all on the back end so all you do is click one button and they figure out what site that's gonna show on etc I know they're working on some other things to make that a little bit more dynamic so we can know more as the advertisers of where that's going but there's very limited ad on that at this moment so in summary that's the tour of Facebook let me recap for you it's a giant billboard oh we got one more if we got one oh yeah and then there's messenger ads you're good twinks you're good then there's messenger as messenger has also show up in the news feed on Facebook so they look almost identical the difference is there's a send message button that you can click right here so once you click that people can immediately begin chatting with you in real time so imagine that if you're one of those people who's always online all the time anyway this is called Facebook messenger ads by the way you can be walking around and get a little ping on your phone like I did just right now and it just happened again right now because someone's actually messaging me on Facebook too funny timing but you can just literally click here and start the conversation with potential clients so they're super powerful we're testing those a lot and we'll go into more details about that shortly all right so to recap this section on Facebook to simplify this section Facebook's a giant billboard it's a billboard the entire world can see most people who are not weirdos have a Facebook account or not hiding something I should say have a Facebook or who are not resisting technology who are not resisting the inevitable have a Facebook Ads account your job as the advertiser is to know what message to put in front of the right person to persuade them to want to buy your product or service so does Facebook work for you well if you're advertising to humans then it probably does and when you advertise on Facebook or where you're putting this billboard up the different types of billboards are right column ads Instagram ads messenger ads and newsfeed ads audience Network and there you have it at a glance that's what Facebook is but now that you kind of have that in your head the next thing I want to show you is how the bidding works like how do you pay facebook how do they make money and it's important that you understand that if you want to succeed with Facebook advertising I'll see you in a second

- Facebook Ads Trends for 2022 for Better Returns on Ad Spend | socialclub24: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] you

- How to Create Your July Dump Photo Trend on Facebook (2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to create your July Dump photo trend on Facebook. 5 minutes. The July Dump is a fun, casual way to wrap up your month with a single post full of your favorite snapshots. No pressure, just memories. We'll keep it simple and get it done quickly. Start by opening Facebook in your browser or the Facebook app. Once you're on your home feed and ready to share, look for the box at the top that says, "What's on your mind?" This is your post composer, and it's where everything begins. Tap or click that box to open the full composer. You'll see a few quick options, but to reach the full set, choose the three dot more option. This opens the expanded menu where you can add different types of content to your post. From that list, select photo video. Facebook may ask for permission to access your photos. Approve that so you can pick your images. Now, select your chosen July photos. Think of a highlight reel. Weekends out, quiet mornings, sunsets, meals, and little candid moments. On a computer, you can hold control or command to pick multiple images at once. On mobile, tap each photo to check it. Aim for variety and a manageable count so the post feels cohesive and not overwhelming. After your photos load into the composer, take a moment to reorder them if you want. You can usually drag to rearrange or use small arrows to adjust the sequence so your favorite shots appear first. Next, add your caption. A clean July dump matches the trend perfectly, but feel free to add a short line for context, an emoji or two, or the date range if that helps tell the story. Keep the vibe relaxed and authentic. These posts are about the month as it happened, not perfection. If you notice a typo or want to tweak your caption later, you can edit the post after it goes live. When everything looks good, hit next. This gives you a quick preview of the post. Scan for any out of order images or captions that need a quick fix. Also, glance at your audience. selector to make sure you're sharing with the right people. Finally, click post. Facebook will upload your photos and publish your July dump to your timeline. Give it a moment to process. Then, open the post to make sure everything appears the way you intended. And that's it. Your July memories neatly wrapped in one sharable post. Enjoy the reactions and feel free to repeat the same flow next month for a consistent monthly recap.

- Facebook Lookalike Audiences and Twitter Promoted Trends: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook timeline covers disappearing look alike audiences and the expensive business of promoted Trends on Twitter hi Andrew mcau this is social 3 first thing this week is all about lookalike audiences on Facebook now what are they if you're using the power Editor to run your Facebook ads then you know about the ability to upload your list into Facebook this ability lets you bring a CSV file of your current contacts into Facebook and then Target those specific people for your ads it's an awesome way to build your brand management now that's been around for a little while but there's a new thing that Facebook have just launched and that's called lookalike audiences what it'll do is it'll grab those people that you upload into your power editor and it will build a profile around those people so that when you go to Target your audience you're not targeting just the people that you've uploaded but also other people that Facebook thinks are connected and the same sort of demographic as the people you've just uploaded pretty powerful if you're using Facebook marketing the other thing that's happening big around Facebook these days is that some people are losing their Timeline cover images now this is not new but it looks like Facebook are making a concerted effort to go and rid Facebook of those cover timeline photos that have too much information on them too much context calls to action and that sort of stuff anything that's breaching the uh the rules of Facebook for timeline covers they're really targeting so if you've got a timeline cover photo that is breaching some of those terms and conditions that Facebook set out you may want to think about adjusting that before you lose it now they're not deleting the photos itself you'll still have the photo it just means you'll have a big blank space in front of your profile or your business page if you are breaching those terms and conditions so go out and check that out right now the last thing I want to talk about is the Twitter promoted Trends you've all seen them this is what it looks like just there last year if you wanted to use that little space to promote your Trend it was going to cost you $150,000 a day twit have just upped the anti 200k for a day of promoted Trends that's a pretty expensive little advertising space right there so if you got to spend 200k and you want to stick your promoted Trend at the top of that list then that's all it's going to cost you for the day now incidentally if you do want to ever change your promoted Trends or your Trends and you're currently looking at a worldwide Trend you can easily adjust that Trend to any city that you like in any country in the world now I travel a lot and I'd like to see what my hometown is doing so I can actually change my Trend all right so that's this week's edition of social 3 I'm adrew McCauley the Social Media blog looking forward to seeing you next week

- 4 Successful Facebook Image Ads To Copy for eCommerce Brands: Kind: captions Language: en so in today's video we are going to discuss why you should be using still images within your ad account and we're going to reveal four image ad creators that are performing tremendously well for our accounts that we are managing here at victory media right now and why you should be testing them within your ad account today so without any further ado let's hop straight into it [Music] ladies and gentlemen welcome back to my channel on this channel we talk the most recent and updated facebook ad hacks and trends that you should be implementing and how to grow your e-commerce brand profitably and today's video we're going to talk about why you should be using still images and you know throughout the video i'm actually going to take you into my computer and we're going to reveal four images that perform extraordinarily well for our client accounts right now so the first question that you might be asking yourself right now is hey victor why should i even be considering and implementing still imagery in my account when my current you know video ad creatives are performing extraordinarily well and you know don't get me wrong that is a great question however this essentially you know changes a mediocre media buyer or a normal media buyer to uh you know actually pretty good and high-level media buyer or creative strategist and i'm going to tell you right now why the reason for this and for those of you who have been around a couple of times know that creative diversity and creative ad diversity is something that we really value here at victory media and for our clients accounts in order to not only be able to you know have a profitable ad account at scale but also to be able to sustainably you know grow that ad account to further levels and there where you know creative diversity comes really in handy essentially because of three reasons and that is you know first of all creative diversity leads to you know the ability to tap into different buyer personas right different buyer personas just tap into um you know just tend to engage with different different ad creative formats right me personally for example i just generally tend to you know engage more with lifestyle still imagery instead of videos right um so that is the first reason right being able to tap into a new bio persona secondly you know just um kind of goes hand in hand with creative you know diversity however with the different buyer persona however sometimes you know still imagery just performs a lot better um because of your product right if you have for example a really static product something like you know something that is not necessarily problem solving right um that does not really necessarily need a lot of explanation something like apparel and fashion right um there you can highlight a lot more the you know the appeal of your product instead of trying to go ahead and you know build out a story um that is ultimately not necessarily you know so important to your customer because they just want to see how it looks how it feels and you know if they like how you know they like the looks of it and last but not least you know talking about optimization it is you know facebook's ai right the third point is giving facebook more options you know to be able to deliver the perfect ad creative format to the best possible person that is most likely to convert with you and you know giving facebook more you know options that are you know on a bigger level like no angles creative formats whatsoever will definitely not hurt your ad performance before we right now hop into my computer however and i reveal the four images that you know are performing extraordinarily well right now within our clients accounts i just wanted to you know kind of give you um a quick heads up because a lot of people you know everybody and their mother about two years ago started just running video ad creatives um because they you know can convey more information they're more engaging whatsoever and don't get me wrong that definitely is true to a certain extent we have you know in the past you know kind of more recently i have seen you know this change a little bit to especially like our apparel and fashion accounts or beauty counts that you know they they're still imagery is really really outperforming sometimes even on scale our video ads however completely apart from that what we have seen perform extraordinarily well not on the scale side but rather on an efficiency set right that when we have like a you know still imagery within our prospecting or a marketing campaign um you know facebook might not really spend as much as on our video campaigns however we might have just you know kind of a like a fourth of our spend on our you know image ad but it's definitely performing at a really high efficiency and at a higher return than our video ad so that is just one thing that i quickly wanted to have sad before we right now hop into my computer hey everybody here we are within my computer and i just quickly wanted to go ahead show you a couple of examples of you know the imagery and still imagery that worked particularly well for our clients accounts right now here we have you know one still image from vegamore and this is what i like to call the press head image you can see that they have featured you know one particular statement that you know from their pr that um you know that was mentioned in allure and you know it's just a great way to add some more social proof and trust to your brand and using press mentions um you just will be able to leverage you know them within your paid social not only because of the added social proof but also because usually you know the press mentions that you have at hand um the the things and the comments that they're talking about and that they're revealing within you know within that yeah article whatsoever usually tend to go for a similar if not same audience that you're going for with your product right therefore they're really having a nice copywriting style right here it gives my lashes the sexy and flurry look i love so much right a really great way to add some more social proof as well as you know convey the information of what your product is all about second image that i wanted to share with you is the comparison image right showcases how your product you know or brand is better than you know the the product that your target audience is currently using right if possible bring it down to the cold hard facts and i think a great example for that is so you know super sugar coffee right as super coffee make sure to search them up in the facebook ad library they're doing a great job within their you know with their facebook ads so therefore here you can see how they really brought it down to the cold hard facts probably the majority of their target audience right that has not really been using their products yet is right now going to starbucks or something similar and you know trying to get their ready to go coffee just on their way to work or whatsoever right and so you know super coffee can really provide a great value right there um you know and even be a healthier option and they brought it even to the next level by saying hey oh my god i'm never going to starbucks again with um you know a customer feature a customer testimonial so that is the second image right the comparison image the third one is the feature image you know i really like that to have it in a minimalistic style like vegamoor is doing right here but you know you really want to bring it down to what makes your product better than your competitors right talk about the features that your target audience prefers when it comes to your products features right or your product in general right is it cruelty free vegan clean right um sometimes i also really like to implement things like you know 30 day money back guarantee right or you know whatsoever free shipping so people really understand okay what is going on um with this product and why should i be interested in you know clicking on this ad right mega more actually added a great way here also to crap the attention of the target audience by you know asking the question the secret to fuller looking hair and here we go already to the fourth image that i really like and that we've seen performed extraordinarily well and that is a claim image right highlight your main usp and how you can solve your customer problem quickly right um and there it's not only you know it's almost like also here like a feature image if you can see it from athletic greens right there however one thing and that is a pro tip that i really love about those claim imagery is that you can pretty easily isolate one variable and have a high statistical significance for what significance for what actually works right um you have a lot of variables when it comes for example when it comes to for example a video ad right um and you know a lot of things cannot really be isolated and you just have to you know kind of take the odds for it however with this claim image if you literally leave everything the same right apart from just say goodbye to your pill routine to leaving it for example to you know kind of turning the tables a little bit and say saying something like you know um here you go with um you know with your easy morning routine right instead of having kind of a negative angle we have a positive angle right um you can really test those and have a high statistical significance so those are the four images that i wanted to quickly reveal that you know are working tremendously great um tremendously well on our on within our account right now so here we are back at it again i've revealed the four ad creatives that i think you should test within your ad account right now because they're definitely performing pretty well for our clients accounts um you know nowadays however either way i can really highly encourage you that especially if you're you know reaching higher levels or if you only remarketing make sure to have a creative ad diversity within your ad account it really you know kind of brings your ad account to the next level and makes sure that facebook just has more options and you are able to really you know engage with you know the whole variety of your you know consumer audience and customer type so you know without any further ado if you want to know more about creative at diversity why is it so why it is so important then make sure to drop a comment right below um and i'll be more than happy to actually make some more videos about that um on another note right if you like this video and the things that i talked about over the last you know 10 minutes um then make sure to hit the you know like button right below this video it really helps more than i could ever imagine if you want to know more about how to grow your e-commerce brand profitably and how to properly implement paid social and a creative strategy within your ad account then feel free to you know also hit the subscribe button right below every thursday that is coming up a new video of me talking about what is going on within our agency's clients accounts and how to grow your e-commerce brand profitably so without any further ado thank you for watching i really appreciate your time and see you next thursday keep growing thank you so much for watching the video to this point i know that if you have come this far that you form a part of an exclusive group of people that do not only talk but walk the talk and that you are hungry for more content so therefore i went ahead and picked out an exclusive video just for you that i know you're going to love check it out right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @donotupdate [2 likes]: 10000001% Helpful! This channel is really helpful!

- Swipe Right on Success: Master 8 Types of Facebook Ads to Increase Engagement: Kind: captions Language: en hey you marketing Daredevils you want to shake up your Facebook ad game there are eight ad types that'll get people talking image ads perfect for showcasing eye-catching visuals use them when you want to make a quick impression video ads great for storytelling and product demos when you want to Captivate an audience Carousel ads show off multiple products and features swipe left swipe right it's like a dating app for your products slideshow ads use it when you want a fast loading accessible ad experience collection ads a shopping spree right on their phones these make it dangerously easy for users to buy your stuff messenger ads get up close and personal use these when you want to engage one-on-one stories ads vertical full screen as the demand attention use these when you want to hijack their social feed and playable ads ideal for apps and games pick this when you want to let them try before they buy there you have it subscribe for more

  Top Comments:
  1. @liveinwestchesterny: Love the carousel ads!❤

- 3 Ways to Make Your Facebook Ads More Successful: Kind: captions Language: en in today's faq friday video we're discussing how to make your facebook ads successful did you know that facebook continues to be the most used social platform with nearly 2.5 billion active users per month if you're advertising on facebook are you seeing results or are you spending your money and getting very little in return facebook ads are a highly effective way to gain brand awareness and new leads for your business but most businesses are making crucial mistakes from the beginning that impact their roi in the long run at priority marketing we've set up many successful facebook ad campaigns when they are done correctly they can yield outstanding results for businesses and organizations when creating your facebook ad campaign consider these three tips first test your campaigns launching a facebook ad campaign is the easy part however if you think you're going to get great results right away you might be disappointed that's why we test and test often through testing you can assess ad content and key messaging image and video selections and target audiences by testing and monitoring your campaigns you can optimize and refine your messaging images and audience for better delivery and results second ensure that you are effectively communicating about your brand or services this means engaging images or videos providing relevant copy and having a compelling call to action as you create your campaigns put yourself in your audience's shoes what will be their impression of your brand what's in it for them if they respond to your call to action the payoff should be clear third don't anticipate you'll receive stellar short-term results facebook is a platform where people socialize receive news and media and occasionally buy products or services it may take a few times for someone to see your ad before they're ready to interact with your business rather than pushing them to purchase right away create a program or series of ads that guide them through the conversion funnel testing along the way do you want to turn on your brand through facebook advertising give us a call or visit us online and if you don't want to miss out on more pr and marketing tips and tricks follow us on our social media thanks for watching and we'll see you next friday

- Shopify Success Hacks! How to Create Facebook Ad Images!: Kind: captions Language: en yo yo yo what's going on guys my name is PA CQ here poo you already know let's go what's up guys so on today's video what I'm going to share with you guys hold up hold up by the way if you're GNA find this video really valuable towards the end of the video you found a lot of good stuff in it do me a favor can you like it comment subscribe can you holl at your boy give me some love I would really really appreciate that okay so on today's video what I'm going to share with you guys is three different ways that you can create your ad image to grab attention it's really simple I'm using something called canva.com to be able to create the three different ad images really really simple really really really simple I like to keep things simple I'm not sure about you I'm not trying to complicate things I'm trying to make things simple all right so the first way is simple okay it's literally the add image okay something that you could do is you can actually add the contrast by 30% to make sure it pops a little bit more so whatever uh so as you can see it kind of Pops a little bit more this this one right here this is another one it's the same one except with this one it has a little bar on the bottom that says free just pay shipping and then the next one is basically the same one except that I used a background a butterfly background and then I put the product in this little square and I use the same thing so these are basically three different ways that you can split test to add images uh just to see which one works better for you right typically normally believe it or not that this one works oh normally always always the best uh but you can always split test right I like to keep things simple so but if you're looking to uh maybe add a little bit more juice into it uh the second one is pretty good as well uh and then the third one is you know you can just mess around with that and you can see what's going on right so these are the three different ad images to grab different attention all right you can split test them you can use them and see which one works better for you really simple three of them you got the regular one here you got the second one with the little bar on the bottom and you got the third one with the background the bar and the little item is in this little square all right again I use canva.com to create these ad images really simple tool those are the three ad images I'm keeping this video short CU it doesn't deserve to be this long because it's simple all right anyways guys if you guys found value in this simple video training um holler at your boy send me a message comment below let me know what you got out of it uh if you have any questions feel free to message me there's something on this video I'm sure you can reach out to me in some way uh and just let me know if you if you enjoyed the video or if you have any questions again my name is FY Q pow low you already know let's go peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @k1llsh0t-32: Love u dude

- How to Create High-Converting Facebook Ads: Expert Tips Inside: Kind: captions Language: en how to test Facebook ads the right way we're going to leverage machine learning and the scientific method to be very specific and have Purpose with our testing so that we can make ads that never fatigue and ads that can spend five six seven figures and that we can rely on to scale our business and ultimately bring in projectable results so we can acquire profitable customer Journeys at will that is what we're here to do let's get to it so first off what is a Facebook ad this sounds really basic but most people get it wrong Facebook ads are just organic content that you're paying to show to more people there is literally no difference between a Facebook ad and something you post organically other than you are deciding to spend money on it and that's really important because remember ads make their own audience organic content and paid content runs on the same engine inside of Facebook the other thing we have to understand because ads make their own audiences is that our creative controls our CPA and does the targeting for us so we want to understand we need to be more efficient versus do we want to scale our spend do we want to Target new people or do we want to Target the same people but better that's what creative testing is all about here are five tips to make the absolute best Facebook ads that will let you scale with confidence and stable results number one use clear and compelling headlines remember the eyeball goes to the headline after it looks at the creative this is the second thing that somebody sees it's the first thing they do to evaluate what you are showing them after you've stopped the scroll and earned their attention it needs to give context to the creative that you've shown them and ultimately this should drive interest for engagement and ultimately a click with intent that is what it is all about to use clear and compelling headlines to give context and overcome objections that is how you make an ad that will crush tip number two use high quality images and videos this should go without saying but remember your ads are the very first impression you're going to have with your target consumer so make sure that impression is good you don't get the chance to make a second one just like in the real world if the first time I meet you I haven't showered and I'm wearing torn clothes that are dirty and I smell bad do you think you're going to have respect for me versus I walk into a room and you know I'm the guy that over the last 10 years has driven over a billion dollars in revenue and regularly help Brands go from 7 to n figures you're going to treat me differently you're going to think about me differently you need to instill respect with your images and videos tip number three your copy there are really two ways of going about it number one keep it short and to the point most people aren't going to read it remember the copy the little words above the image or video are the third thing that somebody looks at when they stop the scroll remember the average person swipes the height of the Eiffel Tower on a daily basis your job is to stop and earn their attention they look at the image or video then they go to the headline then they go to that primary text the word above now side note you don't even need words there but if you are going to put words there remember they should be short and to the point so that you're not wasting somebody's time and you get in that impression everything that you need that person to know or go very long form to tell a story and give context you'll often see people put in full reviews and links to other information you can either choose to be concise or use that time to overcome objections and show more value tip number four use action oriented language don't be passive in your communication tell people what they're going to get what they can expect and address their needs and pain points directly you don't have time to have a conversation you're not there in person it's an ad on the Internet it's a billboard in the sky it's it's a commercial on television you don't have the opportunity to go back and forth so make sure that you use that time to say everything that you need to and make sure that shows value to the person that is seeing it tip number five test different creatives to see which performs best and remember there's no such thing as the best format there's no such thing as the right kind ugc might work for some people product images might work for somebody else what matters the most is how you act communicate most honestly with your customers what feels like your brand what is most consistent with their consumer Journey after the clip what's most consistent after the first purchase remember the best advertisers have a blend of videos and images testimonials ugc product shots your ads are going to make their own audiences there should be some overlap and some incremental value to each one and understand that because you're throwing all of your ads in one ad set targeting bra with a one campaign ad account setup your ads are going to be both prospecting and retargeting and ultimately there's no such thing as a prospecting ad because the first time somebody sees an ad from you it's because they look like they have shown interest in other people's content from your competitors ads make their own lookalike groups and interest groups and they're going to leverage Facebook's machine learning to make sure the the right person sees your content let's go over the three best practices for testing your ad creatives I just want to take a moment and say first off thank you so much for your time I know you can be literally anywhere on the internet right now and you've chosen to be here if you're enjoying these videos please go ahead and hit the like button and subscribe it means the world and drop a comment with anything else you'd like for me to cover in the next video step number one only ever test with Dynamic creatives remember when you build out individual post IDs and run them all against each other they're all competing with each other and cannibalizing the data set and the opportunity far too many people say launch 10 ads and see what gets the most spend or the best click or the best CPC none of that matters in a dynamic creative every single iteration is complimentary and Facebook is able to use all of that information so that the best ads get the most spend step number two always use the 322 method with your Dynamic creatives that's three creatives two sets of copy and two headlines of the same concept to accomplish the same business objective this reduces the amount of iterations and allows Facebook to be the most actionable with the data that it sees and for you to have the best amount of insight into what works and what doesn't part three only test to improve efficiency or reach because we're using Dynamic creatives with a 322 method against our best performing ads in a control ad set in a CBO targeting only broad the purpose of that creative test is merely to either make a better version of one of the ads that we have so that we can Target those customers more efficiently or to reach new people because all of our ads do targeting and we want to scale the amount of people that we reach that is the purpose of every test we're either improving a control element or creating a new one anything else is a waste of your time and money and that is a huge liability to your success here are the five most common mistakes to avoid with your ad creatives number one using lowquality images and videos remember this is your first impression with somebody Make It Count number two making a whole bunch of ads that appeal to the same person if you have you GC that appeals to the right customer and you make 30 more of them they're all going to do well at the expense of the other one that worked and you're going to test more and more over and over again and as soon as you have a new winner the old one's going to die your ad fatigue is happening because you're trying to solve the same problem over and over and over again instead of saying I solved this problem let me go solve something else of more value number three being too salesy or spamm in your ad copy I can't tell you how many people I see teaching how to do Facebook ads that are direct response hard sale marketers and their entire preach is all about how your ad copy should sell the product do you know when you're being sold do you want to listen to anybody trying to sell you something then why are you putting that in your ad copy common mistake number four being way too unclear about the product or service if I don't know what you're trying to sell me why should I care and if I don't care I'm never going to buy common mistake to avoid number five not targeting the Right audience with your ads remember your ads do all of the targeting we are not using interest groups or lookalikes or custom audiences but remember if the person that your ad appeals to is not the type of person that is a good buyer for your business you're investing heavily and wasting your time and money this is what most people get wrong this is how you make ads that last forever all right so let's wrap this up the three things you absolutely have to know number one ads do the targeting make sure that your ad appeals to your Target customer we're not using interest groups or detailed targeting or custom audiences or lookalikes ever again we want ads to succeed we want them to get better over time and we never want them to fatigue so make sure that who that ad appeals to is the same type type of person that you want to be seeing your marketing number two test with purpose every single creative test should either be designed to do one of two things first take your best ads and make them better or two find a different type of person to Target with your ads you have customer avatars maybe you're crushing against one go start targeting the others so that you can scale the volume of your business that's it it's either scaling volume or scaling efficiency or you are wasting your time the last thing only ever use dynamic creatives in the 322 method if you are still building post IDs if you are still guessing at what the machine wants and doing a test where you are playing the lottery and the vast majority of your money goes to the worst performing assets you are going to lose you you use Dynamic creatives you're letting Facebook's artificial intelligence spend the vast majority of your money on the people that are going to be most receptive to your advertising and that's how you win with all of this ultimately what you're going to get are ads that never fatigue and add accounts that get smarter and scale with confidence and you'll never have to worry about this stuff ever again if you're interested in really upping your game and really taking the power back and successfully scaling with confidence I highly recommend that you check out the Facebook ads NBA program here's a great video on just that you can see everything that you're buying into it's a worldwide Community with weekly classes mentorship and one-on-one Consulting that's a lifetime membership and you get to talk to me to make your business successful

  Top Comments:
  1. @WilliamDawson-z3k [1 likes]: thank you sir
  2. @TijmenZwiebel [1 likes]: Thanks for the great info man, keep it up!
  3. @גיאדורעסקי-ז8ט [1 likes]: Does Facebook target the audience only based on visuals, or do they also consider the text and voice? Most of the time, the visuals in my videos are similar, but the targeting relies on the voiceovers and script.
  4. @fatherhamza [1 likes]: Why would you add a new ad set into a CBO to test if its in KPI? Wouldnt throwing in a new dynamic ad throw off the results ?
  5. @elmirj7549 [1 likes]: You mentioned ads that never fatigue when broad, which is great news and a lot less stress in making creatives like a madman.  Since you say, have two Dct and one scaling with 4-6 Winners when do you create new DCTs if your current two are doing pretty well?  Do you not break the rules and cream another DCT of two to test go see if you have some that will perform well also or better?
  6. @ethansmith6275 [1 likes]: Does pixel data get messed up by going after different avatars?
  7. @hgaga4989 [1 likes]: Running flex ads you don’t see performance of each creative. All what can see is budget spend.
How can you say which is winner?
  8. @TeaganWent [1 likes]: Super keen to try this testing tactic, but we have quite a niche B2B audience. The worry with a broad/no targeting is that we will be wasting money putting the ads in front of the wrong people. Also, in terms of learning and gauging results. We maybe get 1 form submission every few days, so finding the best performing can be difficult and learning is slow/never gets out of learning stage. We can of course look at the CTR as a secondary factor of a success of an ad. Lastly, with this testing concept, would we still have a "MOF" type campaign alongside that targets the audiences that have engage with website, social profile etc. Thanks in advance!
  9. @Indosynthesizer [1 likes]: how we can breakdown the flex ads? i have been trying and the results its good but icant see the specific video that generates the result , and i cant extract the winning post id . can you explain this prof ?
  10. @andrewheidorn6109 [1 likes]: What is the difference between flexible ads and DCTs?

Second question I have is does having different conversion events in a cbo affect anything?  I have been trying to switch from website submit application (which is where my winners are pointed towards, but they are now dying and fatiguing) to tracking invitee calendly conversion events for all DCTs i’ve been testing.
  11. @madisonrome5826 [1 likes]: Great content! I've heard DCT is only for those with high budget. What do you think? Does budget matter with DCT?
  12. @fujiharafelipe [1 likes]: Flexible ads do not accept carousel, what would you suggest then? In my business, carousel ads usually work fine.
  13. @nomadequipments [1 likes]: Idont have any result in flexible ads
  14. @MichaelP-i8x: Hi Charley, You keep talking about targeting with the ads but with broad but do you have a basic breakdown of the style of ad that can target the different levels of the funnel? Or do you look at frequency or style of current creatives to get an idea? Wouldnt it also be better to create a new adset for each DCT to not break the learning? If it is CBO, then the spend/test across adsets is still the same as in the same adset?
  15. @MichaelP-i8x: Hi Charley. I have been using the 3-2-2 method for a while now but new adsets are being done in flexi. This new way does not seem to offer the same break downs of the creative like the DCT did where you could see which image or which headline did well. Have you found a way to find this info out with flexi?

- How To Write Facebook Ad Copy Like An Expert: Kind: captions Language: en want know the exact formula I use to generate over $50 million in Facebook ad Revenue I know it's a pretty bold claim right but here's the thing I've spent the past few months 6 months specifically testing thousands of Facebook ads and today I'm going to reveal my top converting Facebook ad formula that almost no one is talking about and hey did you notice what I did just there it's called the pattern interrupt and you're about to learn why that's one of my nine essential elements that make Facebook ads absolutely crush it so stay with me I going to reveal it all I'm John Benson and this is sales copy Secrets now before we dive into these nine elements let me tell you something a little bit crazy back in 2015 I was absolutely terrible at Facebook ads I mean I was bleeding money faster than a startup at Silicon Valley but something happened that changed everything for me I discovered that face hob isn't just about being clever or creative it's about following a specific psychological framework that triggers what I call native response patterns and I'm more on that in just a minute because first we need to talk about why most Facebook ads fail in fact look I have a course coming out called Nine figure ad alchemy that covers everything here but in way more detail with the live examples just look below and you can hop on the hot list or if the course is out by the time you're watching this you can grab it at the best price possible in the description below now here are those nine elements that make Facebook ads work first of all the scroll you've got to have a scroll stopping hook then you got to have a pattern interupt then problem amplifier then a unique mechanism then the Story Bridge then the social proof accelerator the solution stack the risk reversal and the action driver let's break each one of those down so I'll show you exactly how to use them number one is a scroll St stopping hook you've got about .8 seconds to stop someone from scrolling that's it you don't have a lot of time and here's the secret that almost no one wants to tell you about your first line needs to be a reality pattern interrupt now let me show you what I mean by that instead of writing want to lose weight that's boring right right my nutritionist told me to stop eating this food or specifically avocados and I lost 24 lbs in 31 days now you got to be careful with claims but do you see what I did there it's it's counterintuitive it makes people wait wait wait what exact what what is that I'm kind of curious so element number two is the pattern rub you just saw that this is where it gets really good though you've got to have someone stop in their tracks stop their normal thought patterns and here's how if I use unexpected numbers like I tested 1,374 Facebook ads that's going to do that or if I create cognitive distance like the harder you exercise the fatter you get or I challenge common beliefs like most Facebook atbs are dead wrong about this now look I learned this technique from Eugene sz's breakthrough advertising still in my opinion the best book on copyrighting ever written and by the way have you subscribed to my channel yet just throw that in right here if you haven't hit the Subscribe button because we're just getting started okay element number three the problem amplifier now here's where most people mess up I've talked about this for years about making problem bigger they identify the problem but they don't amplify it so check this out here's a bad example if you're struggling to lose weight yeah all right good example every diet you've tried is failed and it's not your fault now I just made the problem a little bigger the second one all know a knowledge is the problem of weight loss it also removes the guilt of them failing at it now that's real psychology and action but I will go on and make the problem even bigger in the copy but let's move on to element number four which is the unique mechanism and it's my favorite part because I love these things your product or service needs a unique mechanism the thing that makes it different the thing The Secret Sauce by behind the offer but the trick is it needs to be something that people can usually visualize now I've studied Gary Halbert extensively in his ADW writing and he was a master at this instead of saying something like proprietary formula he'd say rare Swiss enzyme right or instead of advanced algorithm he would say AI profit scanner or something like that right so that's what I mean by a unique mechanism think in terms of how unique you can package the hook now element five is the Story Bridge now we're getting into some pretty ninja psychology your ad needs a story that Bridges the gap between the problem and the solution but here's the key it needs to be what I call a parallel story let me show you what I'm talking about if you're selling a weight loss problem product rather and you don't tell a weight loss story you tell a story about how you discovered the solution while trying to solve a completely different problem this creates something called cognitive Intrigue and that is a parallel story for example I might say that I discovered the solution to my weight loss while I was trying to figure out how to play a certain song on the bass like I'm a bass player right so I discovered this and I I was doing this research and I came across this thing that worked for me musically and then I realized oh that would work for me in weight loss complete different things but it's the same mental framework that is really cool so element six is the social proof accelerator this is where most people just slap at a testimonial they'll call it done wrong you don't want to do that you need what I call a cascading proof so you start with a small win like day one you're already sleeping better and then building to a bigger win by week one you're down s pounds if you can say that and then with the ultimate win month three had to buy all new clothes so it's a stack and speaking of Stack element 7 is the solution stack and this is where I present the solution but with a Twist instead of just presenting your product you need to create a value stack now I learned this from Dan Kennedy great legendary copywriter Stacks so much value the price becomes irrelevant but on Facebook you need to do it super fast because you don't have a lot of time so give someone three major benefits each one building on the last and that's how you do this now element number eight is risk reversal it's very important super boring if you say just money back guarantee but try this we have a performance guarantee like try the so and so accelerator for 30 days and if you don't lose at least blank while eating the food you love I'll not only refund every penny but I'll also buy you a month supply of whatever or do something to really go over the top that's powerful if you can do it and that's how you also eliminate objections now element number nine the last one is the action driver because you need a strong called action but here's the secret to this it needs to be a twostep closer first get them to agree to a simple truth okay are you serious about losing weight you are right Tre rhetorical question then give the clear call to action if so click the button you see below now that gives it just a little bit more kick okay now you got my nine-step Facebook ad formula here's the thing knowing these elements is one thing implementing them is another and that's why I want you to look below and check out ad Alchemy if you haven't already and also you're going to see a free absolutely free course below called vssl FastTrack it is 100% free it is my billion dooll vssl formula put into a series of videos that will teach you how to do that and it also teaches you a lot about copyrighted so check it out below and get to it

  Top Comments:
  1. @Contact-mf9ce [6 likes]: 9 ELEMENTS THAT MAKE Facebook ads work

1. The Scroll-Stopping Hook
2. The Pattern Interrupt
3. The Problem Amplifier
4. The Unique Mechanism
5. The Story Bridge
6. The Social Proof Accelerator
7. The Solution Stack
8. The Risk Reversal
9. The Action
  2. @Sixthsenseofselling [5 likes]: I thought I was a decent copywriter... until I read Jon's sales pages
  3. @JonBensonSalesCopySecrets [3 likes]: 6 AI Tools To Make You A Better Copywriter in 2025: https://youtu.be/dmiplSTPQPM
  4. @Mcbillion-WVC [1 likes]: dose this work with static Facebook Ads?
  5. @GetulioSousaGuimaraesFilho [1 likes]: Is the course still in production?
Great as always!
  6. @noeliapalachi4452 [1 likes]: ❤sooooo much gold in this video!
  7. @Transformed-You-Experience [1 likes]: Thank you ❤
  8. @Jackmarshell [1 likes]: Thanks for the great content, Jon! Your tips are always insightful and helpful
  9. @IslamicPulse0 [1 likes]: 2:55

cognitive dissonance + challenge beliefs

this guy knows his stuff
  10. @joelscarnivorousplants: This is good, thanks!  👍🏿
  11. @SimonJacksonecom: bro just give me a band pls $$
  12. @The_Olajumoke: The song intro gets me everytime
  13. @matinmagic: Can you write an advance copywriting book
  14. @IslamicPulse0: the moment i saw eugene schwartz while swiping with my mouse over the timeline. i realized i have to watch this video.
  15. @simchaehrman6529: Amazing thank you.

- 3 Reasons Why Expert Facebook Advertisers Use Image Ads In Their Account: Kind: captions Language: en so is it image ads or video ads to get the best performance with your facebook ads today we're going to answer this question and talk about what creative format is needed to get the best performance and balance within your ad account so without any further ado let's hop straight into it [Music] so ladies and gentlemen welcome back to just another video here on my channel for those of you who don't know me yet my name is victor and i'm the founder of victory media a petite facebook marketing agency that exclusively works with dtc ecommerce brands to help them scale to the next level with the help of facebook ads and you know in today's video i wanted to talk about whether you know image ad creatives are better or worse than video ads because you know for the past probably three years there has been this general shift in ads from you know static imagery to you know video ads that can just you know surely communicate a lot more and obviously convey a lot more information about a brand a product in their usps and therefore today's video we're going to talk about why you should definitely be testing still facebook and facebook image ads and why in my opinion this is you know an essential ad creative format that should be within every ad account especially at scale so yeah without any further ado let's hop straight into it so first of all before we talk about you know the three reasons why i think you should be testing image ads within your ad account let's talk about you know just some generalities because every other count is different right and you know every particular creative that i'm revealing here on the you know on on the channel where i think this you know um this has been performing pretty well for our clients and therefore i want to share with you guys um i think obviously needs to be tested and verified within your account because you know every ad account is different and every ad account needs a different balance within their you know within their ad created formats within their you know creative types to get the best performance for you as an advertiser however when i started out with facebook ads usually kind of the majority of advertisers we're still talking about the variety whether you know you should be using image ads or video ads right um you know facebook was more kind of in its infancy and less and less people were actually having you know a high production shooting um for for for facebook ads only right um however nowadays probably majority of facebook ad experts out there would say and would definitely opt into you know having the majority of that's been you know spent on video ads and also probably pulling the significant amount of their performance so although that might be true and i would definitely not disagree or would probably even you know fully agree with the statement that videos do pull a lot more you know kind of performance into the into the ad account a lot more scale as well and last but not least also obviously can convey more information about the brand product which will probably also then you know increase the brand equity as well as brand awareness further than the line and you know in ways that can't even be attributed to facebook ads however i am you know a firm believer in that in the you know in the fact that every ad account out there it doesn't matter whether they're spending you know ten thousand hundred thousand or a million dollars every month on facebook ads every yet account should be continuously testing facebook imagery and static imagery within their ad account it doesn't matter whether it's top of the funnel button or the funnel right you should be you should be testing you know image ads continuously to see how your performance you know reacts to it as well as you know performance at different scale so let's talk about the three reasons why i think you should be testing and the first thing you should be launching next within your ad account if you haven't done so is an image add creative test so here we are with the three reasons the first one is tapping into a different buyer persona right um if you just ask yourself really kind of you know honestly honestly okay what are usually the ad formats that i like to interact with and engage with right for me personally that usually is not actually a video ad or ugc ad rather than an image ad a really sleek carousel or whatsoever right that is just for me personally but what this kind of goes back to is that by having you know kind of image ads as well as static imagery or this type of you know kind of content within your ad account you're tapping into a different buyer persona because different buyer personas usually tend to engage and used to be you know tend to convert better with different image with different ad creators so by having you know different you know ad creative formats like image ads and video ads at a really top level you're able to tap into a lot you know bigger pool of bio personas and different kind of people that like to engage with different type of you know ad creatives and therefore you can first of all scale horizontally but also you know just generally not necessarily have the image ads as you know a really really high performer that is pulling in a lot of scale but that is definitely kind of adding to that efficiency and adding to that row as um on the bottom line and adding to your return on your investment with the facebook ad channel so that was the first reason why i would definitely try testing image ad creatives and static imagery within every ad account the second one and you know kind of a lot less known one because honestly the first one is probably especially for those of you who have been around with the facebook advertising space for a while is pretty common right the second one however is not so known and that is lower cpms right we've just talked about the trend towards video ads right and therefore more and more people more and more advertisers especially the big spenders you know are spending you know the majority of their ad budget per month on facebook on video ads right on their you know high production video ads on their you know really well scripted video ads and therefore that it inventory obviously has a higher demand but the same supply right and usually therefore if you test it video ad creatives have a higher cpm than image ad creatives right for the same exact targeting and therefore image ads usually actually have uh you know if you're actually testing with them continuously and you know your audience is like like likes to engage with them usually your your your your image ad creates will always have a lower cpc and also um therefore you know kind of more traffic on your side and from what i've seen sometimes even is that if we are using image ad creatives people are even somewhat warmer audience not necessarily warm audience it might be you know the wrong term to use but some whatever more qualified audience because yeah like video ads are more click-baity you know like video ads generally are more engaging and therefore people tend to you know are you know tend to be more more more you know more probable more likely to actually click on the video and check out the product real quick but actually not be too interested in that right that is for me the case a lot of times when i see a video when i see a video ad i kind of click on the ad to see okay kind of what is the company doing maybe that is also because i'm working in the marketing space but also you know just generally when i actually you know click on an image ad i am i really want to know more about the product and i am really kind of you know more qualified to buy with it because i really just don't think that i want to see more of the product because of the sake of it rather than because of you know my actual interest in buying it so that is the second you know kind of point in you know lower cpms obviously right now i've been using you know just examples for me personally but that obviously reflects a huge portion also of other buyer personas that probably tend to engage with image image ad creatives a lot more similar therefore you know the first one is obviously tapping into the different buyer persona and secondly right having lower cpms and therefore you know maybe further down the line a lower um you know cost per click and a higher amount of traffic and the third and last point that i think should everybody should know and why everybody should be testing at least here and there an image i've created within their ad account is just you know general diversity in your ad created formats and for facebook and facebook's ai to pull from right so coming back a little bit to the first point right maybe image ads are not going to perform so well at scale for you right maybe you cannot spend 5 000 10 000 euros per day on them you know to put to get the majority of your customers through the door however um they will probably add you know to your actual bottom line right because they will you know they might be more efficient right they will maybe serve to just 10 of that buyer because of your of your buyer pool but you wouldn't even have gotten those 10 if you had only you know video ads within your ad account and that is actually something that facebook knows right facebook knows whether you know one user likes to or tends to engage more with video ads or image ads carousels whatsoever right and by giving facebook the option to actually you know deliver imagery and static imagery to different buyer personas that are technically super qualified to buy with you as well as you know just um you know our our super new target audience right um by have by giving facebook that option facebook then has the ability to actually deliver that ad format to those particular people to those to those to those people to those persons right um and that is just you know one thing that you might want to kind of really consider when testing your ad creative right maybe if you have your ad created that you know your image ad creative at you know 350 per day and when you're testing it as well as your video at creative and at 350 a day you know maybe or 500 a day maybe the video ad is performing better however maybe you want to have it at a lower scale one thing that i personally always really like to do then is you know kind of cycle something into my remarketing marketing campaigns instead of having that you know being rolled out at full scale within my creative sn box um and then kind of trying to you know roll that into my prospecting campaign usually i you know if i see that happening that at scale my video ads are definitely performing better than my you know image ads then i really go ahead cycle a couple of cool image ads for our press mentions whatsoever um into our marketing campaign and see how they're performing there and if i see good performance and i might kind of you know roll them into my prospecting campaign here or there to see okay how is this going right so that is just you know a little bit of food of thought for your mind right now right right there i genuinely think that every account out there should at least have tested a couple of you know image ads here and there and i think that especially if you're scaling your account right from maybe ten thousand to a hundred thousand per month in a matter of you know with a half a year and maybe a ten thousand a month video ads have performed a little bit better right then at hundred thousand or fifty thousand because you are just generally at a different scale um and you're going kind of you're scaling also obviously horizontally into different buyer personas that as i said tend to engage maybe with different ad creators formats a little bit better and therefore your cost per acquisition would probably be able probably be a little bit lower right there however this is definitely something that i would then change at those different kind of scaling stages um and you know continuously um test at those different scaling stages because maybe it will add actually that last bit of efficiency to your ad account that will make your ads profitable and your customer acquisition paid customer acquisition sustainable so you know on that note i hope that video was of any help to you and i'm looking forward to seeing image ads tested within your account if you have any questions and drop a comment below however either way if you are eager to understand more about facebook ads when it comes to e-commerce growth right and just know the you know facebook ads tips and tricks um for today and tomorrow and make sure to hit the subscribe button right below and i'll see you in the next video on next thursday so keep growing thank you so much for watching the video to this point i know that if you have come this far that you form a part of an exclusive group of people that do not only talk but walk the talk and that you are hungry for more content so therefore i went ahead and picked out an exclusive video just for you that i know you're going to love check it out right here

- Facebook ads for digital marketing expert: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Applause] thank you

- How I get experts to teach me Facebook Ad design for free!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys today I want to talk about how to learn how to fulfill a specific type of clients needs in digital marketing your first time doing it so before you've ever done it before now as you guys know if you've been following my channel one of my recent initiatives is targeted real estate agents and providing them the service of month to month Facebook advertising and in return they pay me a management fee and of course pay for their own ad spend so now that I have one realtor agent signed up and a second one hopefully going to be signed up after my meeting with them tomorrow I need to learn how to actually effectively get these real estate agent leads now a lot of people would think well Shawn you probably should have learned this before you got the client but I would say that's the incorrect method when it comes to starting a business when you start a business you should only spend time learning something when you're already certain that you have a revenue stream waiting for you there after you learn how to do it so for me I know I learned how to do proper Facebook advertising landing pages real estate I already have a paying client that to paying me to do that so without behind us how do I go about learning it well it's actually really simple what I did is I went on Google I found four other digital marketing agencies that specialize in providing services to real estate agents I call pretending to be a real estate agent and I asked them all the details about how they're going to provide their services for me and they will just open up and tell you everything because of course they're trying to sell you they think I'm a real estate agent so for example one of them even gave me linked to their demo landing pages sent me full pictures of the Facebook app that they use now I get this from four different companies I look at it I apply my own underst digital marketing and from there I can come up with an effective campaign for my client this is by far the quickest way to learn how to do something new so it's maybe you know just a tad sneaky you do have to call and pretend that you're looking for their services when you're actually just collecting information but you know people in business do this all the time and there's no quicker way to learn the secrets of digital marketing in a specific niche then having collecting proposals from other people who also do that have been doing it for a long time another benefit is I get an idea of where my pricing sits compared to other people's pricings so based on my research prices range from 250 to 500 dollars a month for managing these real estate campaigns me at 350 per month I'm sort of right in the middle slightly to the lower end which is exactly where I want to be you know as a small agency I don't have a lot of overhead and that 350 is almost entirely profit for me so a lot of these agencies you know rent out large office spaces and they might charge 500 but when you do the accounting it ends up you know 200 that is just going to pay the least for their office space so that's kind of an aside but the point of this video guys is if you're starting a business digital marketing or something else do your research and debt proposals and real proposals and real examples from other businesses already working in your industry you know there's a famous quote I don't remember who said it but the quote goes like this good artists coffee and great artists steal now it's kind of a tongue-in-cheek quote I don't obviously recommend you break any copyright laws and actually steal anything but what the quote tells us is that there's nothing wrong and using other people's that try to intrude ideas modifying them a little bit and essentially following that same model which is a quote I'm gonna do to have successful campaigns with my real estate agents do you guys have liked this video please like comment and subscribe it means a lot to me and until next time guys see you later

  Top Comments:
  1. @yogandersingh1020 [1 likes]: Real Gem💎
  2. @tylerrutt17: Thats an absolutely genius move. Definitely gonna use it. :)

- Design Facebook Ad Graphics That Don't Get Ignored (7-Figure Ad Designs): Kind: captions Language: en-GB - In this video, you're going to learn how to create great Facebook and Instagram ad graphics that actually work. The job of your ad graphic is to get people to pay attention, to stop scrolling, and to actually read your ad. But the vast majority of ad graphics actually just get ignored. This is due to a phenomenon known as banner blindness. Now, our brains can only take in and process so much information at a time. So in order to manage all of the different things coming in at us at once, our brains filter out what's not important and focus on what actually matters to us. And that means that we train our brains to actually subconsciously detect what an ad looks like, and then automatically ignore it. What's interesting in the Facebook and Instagram newsfeeds are generally updates from friends, and posts on what friends and family and acquaintances are doing, possibly even news articles. But what isn't interesting is the ad, and that's why we've trained ourselves to filter them out. So as an advertiser, how do you overcome banner blindness and create graphics that actually grab attention? Well, that's exactly what we're going to talk about now. First of all, we need to understand how our brains actually do this filtering. So on the web, this is where banner blindness, or that term came from. We automatically filter out based on placement. So we kind of learned that banners normally appear at the top of websites or in the right rail on websites, and so we tend to ignore those places. Studies have been done that show that our eyes naturally track to the center of the webpage and ignore what's at the top and on the side of websites, simply because we've learned over time that the ads generally live in those places. On the Google search results page, studies have also shown that we tend to naturally just ignore the first couple of results because we know that those results are generally ads. And so we skip down a little bit and go straight to the organic search results. But with Facebook and Instagram ads, we can't really do that, the ads live directly in the newsfeed, so there must be another way, something else that our brains are doing in order to identify and filter out those ads. One of the ways we do this is by identifying patterns within designs. As advertisers, we're all guilty of this, we look at our own newsfeed and we look at the ads that are there, or we go and look at our competitors and see what they're doing, and we tend to use a similar design style and design patterns to them. And now logically, that makes sense because we see what our competitors are doing and we try to do something similar except go one better. But what that does is that creates a situation where if everybody's doing that, then everybody's ads end up essentially looking the same, and that rapidly accelerates the onset of banner blindness within our target audience. Because it's very easy for them to learn what an ad looks like in your industry, and then start to filter that out. Maybe you've noticed ads that have a person with a smiling face, they might even be pointing, with some nice text next to them on the ad. That's a very common design style, but because it's used so heavily now, often it's not as effective. This same principle applies to stock images and stock photos. Now, there's nothing necessarily wrong with using stock photos, but it's very important to select ones that don't naturally get ignored and filtered out. If you think about the Facebook newsfeed, it's full of organic native photos that people have often taken on iPhones and just post it up on Facebook and Instagram. Now these aren't polished or professional looking. However, if you contrast that to a lot of the stock images that you see which are extremely polished, extremely professional looking, they've got posed actors and actresses in those photos, it's very easy to identify a lot of stock images because of the general style they use. And because of that, if you choose a stereotypical stock image or photo, it's very easy for users to identify that and filter it out. The other common way that people can identify an ad in the feed is the format. If you look at Instagram, for example, all of the photos are pretty much square, or they're in a portrait type format, slightly taller. Now, the default for ads for a very long time was a landscape type image. And so when Instagram ads rolled around, a lot of Facebook advertisers simply kept using their landscape images. Now, that meant it was very easy to identify an ad in the Instagram newsfeed because they were the ones that were rectangular. Every other image in the feed was square or portrait. The same thing happens today still, if you scroll through your newsfeed and look at the organic photos that you see, you will notice that most of them are square or maybe a portrait type, there are a few that are landscape, but if you look at the ones that are used for ads they are very specific dimensions, and so it's still very easy to identify an ad that uses the old landscape format for their ad graphics. And finally, something else that people often get wrong with their ads that make it very easy to identify them as an ad is they use these overly bright, loud graphics. And the reason for that is they think they're doing the right thing and trying to make something that stands out, and it does, however, it stands out in the wrong way, it stands out and screams, "Hey, I'm an ad, ignore me." is because it doesn't look anything like what somebody would post organically. So the key is to stand out, but doing it in the right way, and not standing out as an ad, but standing out as something that grabs attention and doesn't instantly flag itself as an ad. And now we're going to get into the nitty-gritty details of how to do that. The key to standing out in a good way is to create graphics that contain elements that are uniquely interesting and specific to your target audience. So you want things in there that don't just stand out for the sake of standing out because they're bright, or because they're loud, or because they're unusual, but you wanna put things in your graphics that are something that are particularly interesting For example, and this is a really simple one to start with, if you teach people how to become public speakers, putting a photo of you or somebody else on stage speaking in public is a great way to do this. Most people are going to skip over it if they're not in your target audience, which is fine, but for somebody who's actively looking to become a better public speaker or to learn how to get on stages, if they see a photo in their feed of somebody speaking on stage, it's going to grab their attention. Now, have a quick look at this example. This is somebody speaking on stage, and it doesn't look like a professional or a stock photo, it's literally taken on an iPhone, and that's what makes it so effective. It's a combination of something that's particularly of interest to your target audience, and it blends in as an organic looking photo, it's not something that looks like an ad when you immediately see it. Now, let's look at another example. Now this image actually shows a screenshot of the Upwork platform, and only people who have actually been on there and tried to find work on Upwork will recognize this image. So for anybody who's outside of this person's target audience means nothing, but for people within the target audience, this is not something they see everyday on Facebook. So when they see this, because it's so recognizable to them, And this really simple use of highlighting and texts on here, it then takes them that next step further and grabs a little bit more interest. So they stop because they see this screen, and they think, "Hey, I recognize that, what is that?" And then they see this little bit of text on the photo, and then they think, "Ah, okay, this is something that I'm definitely interested in," and they keep reading. So that's a great example of how you can use these type of visual elements in your ads that are very specific to only your target audience. And one more example that we've got here is this chart. So somebody who uses Shopify is going to recognize this backend screenshot of a sales chart inside Shopify, and they're going to stop and probably have a read. And now they've actually put some texts at the top of the graphic as well to sort of continue that journey, to get them to stop with the image, read the text at the top, and then hopefully read the ad copy. So again, only people who are in this target audience are going to stop and pay attention to this image, and that's exactly what you want. All right, next up, you can use visuals to represent a particular challenge or struggle that your audience experiences and do it in an exaggerated way. Have a look at this example from scalable.co, they're using a really exaggerated visual, which is quite interesting, and then they're putting the text at the top to filter out and make sure that it appeals only to their specific audience. The text also gives that context as to why that visual is relevant to what they're talking about. So this is something that is attention grabbing because it's unusual, and then they use the text on the image as well to make it contextual and relevant to that specific audience. So think about how you could do something like this for your own ad graphics. All right, next up, a great way to create really effective ad graphics is to catch on to current trends. So have a look at what's happening organically inside the Facebook and Instagram newsfeeds, and also outside on other platforms, and try to figure out what's trending now in terms of visuals, and use that in your ads. A great example of this is memes. So memes have taken off in popularity and by recognizing that and bringing that to ads, a lot of people have done really well in recent times. So they caught onto the fact that memes were trending on platforms like Reddit, they were starting to pop up everywhere on Facebook as well, and then people thought, "Hey, I'll bring this to my ads." And if you can find memes that are even more specific to your industry as well and catch trends that are happening in your industry and attach memes to them, it's a very good way to create highly effective ads. And another way to think about this is catching on to trends within a trend. So memes are a broad trend, but you'll see certain memes that then trend as well, so how can you take those popular memes, turn it into one for yourself, your product, your service, and then create an ad based around that. So it's surfing that trend within the trend. Another great way to come up with really effective Facebook is to look at what's happening and what's working on other platforms. One of my favorite ones at the moment is actually YouTube. So YouTube thumbnails are a great way to get inspiration for your ad graphics because YouTube creators rely so heavily on thumbnails that they have become very, very good at creating thumbnails that people actually pay attention to and click. So have a look at what your competitors are doing on YouTube, what others in your industry are doing with their YouTube thumbnails, for example, and see if you can bring that across to your Facebook and Instagram ad graphics. Think about other platforms as well, have a look at places like Instagram organic, okay? Instagram is very, very visual, have a look at what people are doing organically on Instagram, and see if you can bring that across. Think about other platforms, maybe Reddit, maybe others, where visuals are used heavily, see trends that are emerging there and see if you can bring them across to Facebook. Another thing I'll say here is don't limit yourself to images. I look at TikTok and Instagram, and there's a trend at the moment where people will sort of look one way and they'll do something visual and suddenly, boom, there's a big transformation, okay? That's a video trend, but I think how can I apply that to my images? Well, I could do a carousel with two different images where the first one is the before state and then you swipe across, and the second image shows the after state. Here's a quick example for you. Let's think about if you're somebody who teaches how to get organized, you could show a before state image of a messy office, things everywhere, and then they swipe left and look at the second image in the carousel, and the office is tidy and perfectly organized. That is how you could take that video trend, adapt it to images, and then use it on Facebook and Instagram. So the key here is to spend time on other platforms, find trends, see what's working to your Facebook and Instagram ads. Now, the next one, we touched on this earlier is to use native formats. For Facebook and Instagram, I recommend using square images or the portrait type which is, I think it's 1080 by 1350 on Instagram, because that tends to be what people are starting to use organically now. So make sure when you're creating ads, follow these tips that I gave you earlier, and when you do it, use these organic native looking formats so that you don't instantly get filtered out no matter what you do as being an ad simply because of the format that you used. Now, if you've enjoyed this video, make sure you give it a thumbs up. If you want to hear more from me, hit subscribe and hit that little bell, you'll get notified whenever I release a new video. And I'm putting a video up here now that teach you how to create better headlines so that once you use these tips to create better ad images, then you can go and create a better headlines to get them to keep reading your ad, and hopefully click and take action. Until next time, thanks for watching, talk to you soon. (light music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreeDumbDaily [7 likes]: I’m brushing up on FB advertising tips for a new business. This is probably the 35th ish video I’ve seen & this is by far the most helpful, informative and original ideas. 
Great information, tips & video brother! Thanks so much!
  2. @traceyroseTV [3 likes]: Even though some trends have changed, the principles in this video are still valid 3 years later … thank you! 👍🏼
  3. @Priyankawithshorts [2 likes]: I discovered your channel this year, and it has been the best thing I have found. Continuously well-researched, organized and explained contents.
  4. @kirish96fakz67 [1 likes]: what's a good software to design the images?
  5. @zonx. [1 likes]: 8:53 can I use pre made memes in ads? how to not get copywrited or where to get them
  6. @alexbilici1404 [1 likes]: Brilliant
  7. @WeaselFSK: this didnt age well....
  8. @wahunsenacawh-f3d: This video is a goldmine of actionable advice! I'm excited to implement these strategies and create more engaging, high-converting ad creatives. Thanks for sharing your expertise and inspiring us to think outside the box.
  9. @JessicaParker-w3g: It was very instructive
  10. @ezamyazmy: Good tips
  11. @AdPrimus: I get it, but do you do it for luxury stuff? You can’t create low quality ads since it will hurt the brand
  12. @elhaknairb: Good content... Good advice!
Going to follow!
Thanks
  13. @o.h.w-ok: Great tips thanks!!!
  14. @Ion_11010: Brilliant. Thank you for staring
  15. @Hemant.Chauhan: This is really great video. I was looking just that and it popped up. Very helpful and thoughtful ideas shared. Thanks a lot👍👍
  16. @BlockSeeker2100: This is what i was Searching For!!! really inspiring
  17. @tannerkarschnik3506: What apps or softwares are good to create ads?
  18. @janacoach: Wonderful vidéo. You are great
  19. @hedn: U R Genius
  20. @helstonoldboy: Any tips on what to do if you have to work around compliance?  e.g. if you're in weight loss

- Biggest & Costly Facebook Ads Mistakes to Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en he is that we still the mr not hear you my walking dead 2 an al company you persevere economy good is it going a bit christ the staff from motion is world ever have I further sheet sets to sparta not to rikishi I see newstar from zodanga that how I content do you want now in this video down the stairs 5 this text and most facebook the ice and support because I'm going a bit to him free post from and missed it too much money yes I think of all those little boats and go salami the even little crack do n't you dare to us in the making is tootsie podcasting class before in spammers poelman drivers not man blige yo' were is motivators and conversation like mania or in ijssel rpo headset week off now it has to work and beautiful and yamashiro special capable about nutrition with could not everything update succeed because like a ballerina coby brian and fat [ __ ] on 26 july time I have in a bad print when I looked at him well if it already a piece registered for their own facebook so that the offer you because your dog make there must not as further on my darlings tuscany in which there to the king who the fire there somewhat sloppily the come column or your speakers the eye global test music or shout we did have something is especially a cell the rest find that those less pox wise old I would want arrogant Frisian of 10 is then Muslim emperor had to I again enough language you could pattern that support have had and how screaming voice yes still succeeds joling glitch paris on the lead you considerably will a dirty by simple but now pull walks shot and good man on whom alignment long go into on youtube no that would not you had to be that it's my focus on the choice had it already once some ginger sticking and [ __ ] must really or lesbian very if this so by peter post on instagram hi ah usually with to the situation in which she tangaro series is there also gang jumping already in a good you know and which castricum by cookies a I have the job in weight chris I well a at school have there guy google apps so is a quick quick tip for you had to him green commission files in cultivate bowls in so I have it is my magic with one on the picking and kicking white ice and I have a deadline and then mix media dismantling toyota oh hi maya then not good if you do that is you do naturally there a logician that person every think about it no do sim free something with him walked in full with inge bannink facebook user and you guys look forward to it once in hyar keep up tasty yeah and that sort yo dude jungle so all thing is you do not do and show that time help me with every that I think at facebook snow is very enthusiastic will become white or blue eye as far as thing for an hour so much the clips in is in her new stayed of peeling and to go in with the tendon spots facebook page you will do that the chirico grow if I me very much but you will see we guests have so that I a link tess was had to action to go well I knew that my for music go version objective on fix-o-rail animals is jacket kibble this he wants t is in panama and now is a sleek design and seats boxes amuses enjoying nicely placed you are just once in the 2 subpixel come you guys go we are object in is where he also on I awake is player chooses now six miss kathy buckley help you do this and he wanted to chop that is not allowed and he in testing forest wood must have they a pixel test test boxes then I so high white I have money not get or 5 or else and gives the website so who sings pockets that also always had in go throw of the on white there you keep that pain on uc and singulair I find news from wemmel I saw spontaneously I have from lor'tac two hours and youtube money point still through are as possible I also want nice and sing along yes so to the right also misses number full so I me often way is to mix a bra and vests into the featured video power that noise becomes softer I think louis with you well mike what is out this content on yep I have all and takes it early juicy your mobile there also easy is and when you ask you ever this off or someone in to for in that this was possible freestorm the deadly don bosco via the really with the number I would like to introduce you to burgers I the number is called strik Spencer for a malfunction sorry that we are testing ourselves well how android good video there begging for you if you like more videos make this dual offer tips chose the screens machine subscribe to my channel and my shirt shekels of the videos there along that almost certainly watched a lot more new start and nice mixer the like inputs came out soul for decades courier

- The RIGHT Way To Do Facebook Targeting For Local Businesses: Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you how to advertise local businesses using Facebook and Instagram ads now you may have seen some of my previous videos where I might recommend not advertising to an audience less than half a million people when using the director of a strategy but that's not always possible with local businesses and actually because with local businesses you are targeting a much smaller geographical area usually a far smaller population than if you're advertising nationally or internationally you need to make quite a few adjustments to your targeting so I wanted to create a specific video covering targeting foreign local businesses specifically let's get into it so I'm in an example ad account here and I'm going to quickly create an example campaign and then jump to the ad set level to show you how we would set up targeting and the adjustments we would make for local businesses so I'm an ads manager I'm going to click on this plus create button I'm going to go with the leads campaign you could use a different campaign objective if you were looking to depending on your sales depend on how that's constructed but I'm going to go ahead and select leads and then click continue I'm going to go with a manual leads campaign to show you how this works and then what we're going to do is jump over to the ad set level now I've got lots of other videos that show you exactly how to do everything else within a campaign how to set up the campaign level and the rest of the ad set settings and the ads and things like that so for this video I want to keep it nice and specific and jump down to the targeting section and just show you exactly how to set that up now the first thing that you'll often see is that meta will default location will be the entire country in which you are based so here we've got the United Kingdom that is not something that we're going to want to do if we're advertising a local business first thing I need to mention is it sounds fairly self-explanatory but I have seen people think you have to advertise to a whole country that's not true at all you can get very specific with your targeting so if I go ahead and delete out the United Kingdom and I live in a town in England called Cheltenham so if I want to put that in let me make sure the right one comes up um Cheltenham England so start by entering in the center of the location that you want to Target and then you can adjust accordingly the area around that location so the decision here really comes down to where are you willing to travel or where do you think your prospects are willing to travel if they come to you as a local business because obviously some local businesses operate where they go to the customer some it's a reverse so have a think about what that might be and it will differ depending on your business if for example you're advertising a gym that's a location that your customers are going to have to come to and they're probably going to do so quite frequently you'd hope so at least and therefore they're not going to be willing to travel very far so if you're advertising a gym you're going to want to really reduce this radius maybe even select current city only you know depending on the place where you live and how far people travel in general how sparsely populated is it however if on the other hand you are an interior design business and you specialize in barn conversions well there aren't that many bonds to convert so you're probably going to have to cast a wider net and you probably only work on a couple of projects a year maybe a few more but you you know the sort of thing I'm talking about therefore you're willing to travel further to your customers so you then go back to cities with radius and you might go with a 25 mile default you might really be happy to expand it out and think you know there aren't that many customers to be had we need to be willing to travel to cast a large in them so have a think about what that might be for your specific location you can always come in and address this address this later on if you set too larger radius and you know you find that people that are actually signing up for say your gym or whatever are only really close within your Target location you could come in and adjust your targeting if likewise you find that you're missing out on potential customers because you haven't said it wide enough and you're willing to travel then you can adjust accordingly but just set your best foot forward and go with that because we're advertising on a local basis we can see that the audience size is going to be significantly smaller so if advertising to the whole of the UK that's going to be roughly 50 million Facebook Instagram users let's say whereas we can see here this estimated audience size on the right for 25 miles around Cheltenham is 1 to 1.2 million um people in in that area okay so it's significantly small in terms of population that means we need to be less specific with our subsequent targeting options we can't really narrow it down like we might if we were targeting the whole of a country or multiple countries because we're going to end up with an audience that is just too small now if this was my target area I would want my eventual audience ideally to be above 250 000 people so you can see how we're not massively shrinking this down so let's start with age yes you can narrow down your age range if your product or service is quite specific to it to a certain age but keep it broad so let's say we were advertising our digital marketing Services we only wanted to work with customers that we could meet with face to face in the local area and therefore we would narrow this down and we know that our typical customer is going to be a business owner let's say that is between the ages of 30 and 60. something like that right well we're going to want to make this nice and Broad so let's make that 25 add some buffer on and we might go all the way up to 65 Plus or maybe just cap it under so that we don't get the plus and the and the tail and something like that you can see that even though this is a broad age selection we've already reduced our estimated audience size quite specifically then when it comes to genders unless you are very much one way or the other let's say 90 male 90 female or more I would keep this open and allow meta to do its thing and work out who to put your ads in front of as our business we work with obviously business owners they're both male and female all the time so we would leave this um as all then the detailed targeting gets really interesting so if we were advertising a business like this one of the ad sets that we use would be targeting open targeting otherwise known as broad targeting which would basically be this right it would be age range gender if required the local area which were to advertise and we wouldn't add in any detailed targeting options at all we would just leave that open and that may well be one of our best performing options if we do come into detail targeting select edit and want to add in some options we need to make sure that we stay relatively Broad in terms of our interests so if we were advertising our digital marketing Services we might go for people that are say interested in social media marketing as as an option okay interesting if we click on that we'll see that our audience app so that audience hasn't changed because we've still got Advantage detailed targeting selected go ahead and deselect that but we can see look that's brought our audience all the way down to 71 000 to 84 000 that's just not going to be big enough okay are there other related interest that we could add in instead let's try digital marketing and delete this one out I imagine it's going to be pretty specific as well slightly bigger but still a little bit too small if we delete that out and go broader in terms of the terms that we're advertising okay how about just Marketing in general what does that give us okay marketing significantly larger that's what you'd expect right hearing these targeting more people interested in marketing as a whole than social media marketing than digital marketing you can see how these sort of fit within each other this is a good audience size to test so we might have one ad set that is testing broad targeting one ad set that is testing marketing we may be able to have another ad set for example that is just people interested in business might be another options that we can use slightly larger still but you see the sort of thing I'm talking about here you need to be broader with your targeting options when you're advertising locally and by the way all of what I've shown you here would have to be different if we narrowed this audience down so if I just briefly take this down to current City only for example we can see that now trying to Target business um as an interest takes us down to way too small so we'd have to basically if we were just targeting Cheltenham we would have to go with broad targeting only as an option because that's the only way we could get the audience size up we would still by the way so if I delete this app to demonstrate we would still by the way be beneath the 250 000 that I mentioned and that's okay because if we only want to advertise to the actual city of Cheltenham there's only something like 110 000 people that live here and once we've added in a few of these we're looking at you know um 66 to 78 so let's say you know 70 75 000 people we can't make it any bigger than that if you only want to advertise in that area don't artificially increase the geographical area in order to make your audience size larger that's silly just be aware that your audience is going to be small that's fine there are some things you can do about that that I'll mention in a minute but that's how we would approach this okay so if I just go back to the previous example because I think most businesses are going to be using the radius we've deleted that out um our detail targeting that takes us back up to this sort of range that's only slightly narrowed by the age criteria so we've got our open targeting ad set we've perhaps got a couple of Interest depending on whether you can find them or not that's going to depend on your business and whether you can find broad enough interests and how many people are actually in your location and then the other type of um targeting that we're going to use cold audience targeting that we're going to use for local businesses is look-alike audiences so you add those in with this custom audiences section you click on this um in here search existing audiences and I've already prepared one now this is a 10 look-alike audience based on all website visitors okay so but people have visited the website 10 look like audience if you are not familiar with look like audiences I'd recommend checking out another video I've created that's a full tutorial shows you exactly how to do it I'll include a link in the video description below um so go ahead and check that out if you're not familiar with how they work and things along those lines um now the reason why we're creating a 10 look-alike audience is that's the largest look-alike audience that we can create that meta will allow us to and the way it works with a look-alike audience is that you are saying to meta but 10 I want the 10 of people within this location that are most similar to The Source audience so in this case we've got the 10 of people in the UK that are most similar to the people that have visited our website within the last 180 days if you're confused by that check out the look-alike audience tutorial it law makes sense now what you'll likely find is that your audience size is going to be beneath the sort of 250 000 that I mentioned we would make an exception for this audience because look like audiences typically do perform well particularly for local businesses okay they're very very powerful so we would make an exception and we would test look like audiences in an ad set where you do test a look-alike audience there are a few adjustments I'd make so I would personally get rid of Advantage Plus lookalike audience which expands it Beyond not something that I typically use and I would also recommend leaving this open so no detailed targeting no gen under selection and then we would adjust the age back to the full range that we can use 18 to 65 because our the specificity is all going to be taken care of with the lookalike audience we don't need to add in any other specific criteria okay so those are all the cold audience options that we would use when advertising local businesses so I'm just going to flesh these ad sets out for you actually and then we're going to create the warm audience ad set because that's really important so we would want to have this as our lookalike ad set okay and then if I go ahead and duplicate this and we will create um four duplicates into the same campaign so we would have multiple ad sets within the same campaign we've got our lookalike ad set there if we just select this ad set this one would be our marketing ad set okay and if we scroll down if we remember the marketing ad set option so we don't want to look like audience in here let's delete that out we've got the same location targeting here we want to change our age range back to 25 to 64. and then in detail targeting we are going to add in marketing add that in okay and that's set up that's our marketing ad set then we would go down and create delete that lookalike audience out change the age range to I keep clicking on 24 for some reason 25 to 64. and then in detail targeting we would want to add in our business interest because we identified that as one and then we would go up here let's go all the way to the top and call this business ad set Okay so we've got cold audience there cold audience there cold audience there and then this one here we're going to call this one open ad sets this is where we're going to have no targeting um options whatsoever so scroll down let's get rid of the lookalike audience we'll go with the same age parameters as what we discussed previously no detailed targeting in here whatsoever and that's going to be our largest audience size and that leaves us with our fifth ad set which is going to be warm audiences now when it comes to retargeting warm audiences definitely something you want to do if you're a local business it's very very simple we'll delete out our lookalike and you just want to go ahead and add in all the relevant warm audiences so here we've got people who've engaged with our Facebook page people engage with our Instagram account people have watched videos of ours on Facebook and Instagram people who are on our email list and people who have visited our website so all the available warm audiences that you have want to be added in here absolutely make sure that you don't have Advantage custom audience selected that was automatically deselected for me then but it probably won't be for you so make sure you go ahead and turn that off and then this would be our warm audience we would leave this open so we don't need to narrow the age gender detail targeting anything down when you're targeting people that have already interacted with your business and if you're not familiar with how to retarget how to create these custom audiences they just very quickly be added in there because he's all pre-created I'll include another Link in the video description that shows you exactly how to go about setting all those up when to use each one and stuff like that so really useful video which strongly recommends you check out that tutorial but this would be how our targeting would look for a local business typically we've got a look-alike a 10 remember couple of interests if we can an open ad set and then ah we need to rename this one and then this would be our retargeting ad set and if we're running the direct to office strategy which I talk about a lot and we're targeting for a local business this is exactly what you look like obviously you'd have to make sure that you've got all the ad set settings right or the campaign settings and that you've got your ads set out but in terms of targeting this is the way we go now there is an even easier way to get your targeting set up than what I've described in this video and that's to have my company do it for you so we offer done for you Facebook and Instagram advertising Services if you're interested you can click on the link in the video description below take you through to a page on our website where you can book in a call with one of my team members these are free no obligation and it's to find out more about your business how we might be able to help you can find out more about our services what we charge and things like that so go ahead and book a call and hopefully we get a chance to work together so the next videos I'd strongly recommend you check out are that one on how to create a look-alike audience a full detailed tutorial and that one on how to create these custom audiences so that you can retarget again it's a full detailed troll I think you'll find both of those very helpful if you found this video helpful please go ahead and let me know in the comments below and don't forget to subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @KrasimirRadev-n7w8c [2 likes]: Just tried this and my engagement doubled.
  2. @KovalskiVibes [1 likes]: Good video
  3. @charelin-y4j [1 likes]: Thanks for the in-depth look at local Facebook targeting – the "living in or recently in" update explanation was especially useful. A video diving into retargeting strategies and custom audiences for local businesses would be amazing!
  4. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  5. @debbieboston2377: Do ypu have to choose the location for each post? Or can ypu set it to stay at that area?
  6. @MarthaHernandez-s2y: Thank you
  7. @FornicateCircumEtReveles: If you are selling widgets and only 20,000 people are interested in widgets, why not target those specific people that are most likely to want your product instead of paying for ads sent to people that are just going to ignore them?    It would seem like if you on a budget, to put your money toward the people most likely to respond instead of a large net.   But I don’t know   That’s why I’m asking.
  8. @nadagobranselim: Where is the updated version of this @ben
  9. @tsmxrhyme7338: Hey, I’m trying to run a Facebook ad for my detailing business, but it keeps forcing ‘United States’ in the audience section. The ‘X’ to remove it is greyed out, and I can’t exclude it or target just my local area. It’s super annoying — do you know how to fix that?
  10. @orangeapple681: FB removed that checkbox to narrow it to city only (and help cut out tourists) 😡
  11. @VivienneHarvey-y5x2v: Thank you so much.
  12. @malcolmsproull8610: Hey Ben. Really helpful info thanks. BUT as well - I am very interested in your studio/camera set up and specifically how you maintain your solid focus on your face throughout your presentation. Any chance of you showing me how you do that?
  13. @Craxarr: Really helpful insights on local Facebook targeting, especially regarding the "living in or recently in" update. I'm excited to implement these strategies and would love to see a follow-up video on advanced retargeting techniques for local businesses.
  14. @robjeffrey7544: Thank you!
  15. @nailahnoorbellydance: thank you so much!
  16. @Felicidad-t9m: Really helpful breakdown of the "living in or recently in" update and its impact! Hope to see a follow-up on advanced retargeting tactics for local businesses to maximize ROI.
  17. @AshleyGreen-n6v: This was incredibly helpful, especially the clarification on "living in or recently in." Now I need to go back and adjust my campaigns!
  18. @poldifeatherstone: This video was a game-changer for understanding the nuances of local targeting and the "living in or recently in" update. I'm definitely implementing these strategies for my local business clients. A video specifically on retargeting strategies for local businesses would be amazing!
  19. @ealey-x9r: Great video! Thanks for clarifying the nuances of local Facebook targeting, especially navigating the "living in or recently in" update. I'm looking forward to seeing a video on advanced retargeting techniques and custom audiences tailored for local businesses in the future.
  20. @ceciel-l9c: Fantastic video! The tips on navigating the "living in or recently in" update are incredibly helpful. I'm eager to see a follow-up video exploring retargeting strategies and custom audiences for local businesses.

- 5 Costly Ad Set Level Facebook Ads Mistakes and How to Fix Them: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Hello friends, today I will tell you about those five mistakes of Facebook apps which you make knowingly or unknowingly by mistake and in the field that your side is that my Facebook is not doing so well and I am getting too many postings and ultimately you say that Facebook WhatsApp is of no use, let's leave it, so friends, today we will see which mistakes you can correct by fixing them and you can run your Facebook ID in the best way, you can run it confidently and get more returns, so welcome to 5x level Facebook and mistakes and how to fix championship up to three levels in Facebook, templates level and its level, in this video I am going to tell you what common mistakes you make at the access level due to which your money gets spent unnecessarily, your returns are not coming and you think what is happening and you do not understand anything, so friends, first of all the most common mistake is which people make in location targeting, suppose you have local service It is a provider and while cutting the location, if you select the Facebook option People Living in This Location and Recently in This Location and leave it selected, then what will happen is that friends, even those people who have come and gone in that area, those who are temporarily in that area, will also be shown your location. Friends, if you talk about any city, a normal medium sized city, then lakhs of people live in it, and lakhs of people keep coming and going in it. So friends, the service that you are going to provide to those who live there and have offices here, the concern is not about those people who keep coming and going. Therefore, my suggestion here is that you use the second option People Living in This Location. So friends, if you keep in mind that by default you will get the first option selected here, People Living in and Recently in This Location. This Recently in This Location may not be useful for you, most likely it will not be useful for you, that is why I am telling you, so you select it. The second option is People Living In these locations, friends, the second thing that people do is put chords in the audio starting meeting, friends, they do not understand which one will be right for the audition, mostly people start with the best interest and keep making changes in the interest further, friends, whereas the most powerful, most effective audience is if you want to return to new people, then you turn on the Chiluka light, like what is it, it is made of this custom and if you want to learn how to make local recordings from them, then you can click on the videos given above here, so friends, look like what is it, basically if there is an audience like those people who have shown interest in your business, have shown interest, then there are maximum chances that your one will be shown to the right people, friends, as you can see here, 22% Digital Marketing Tab Page Video 365 Days, here I have created chords, people who have seen any of my videos posted on Facebook page within the last one year, that too, more than twenty-five percent scanned that video The snatching edition is of 10 to 15 to 20 minutes. Okay, if anyone has seen 25 percent of it, then I can assume that it is a very interesting topic, when he must have watched my video for 25 percent, that is, two and a half to three minutes. Now friends, with this I have created a look like for dis, so friends, you can see here look like one per cent of 5 per cent digital marketing every page video, that is, this is the same audience who have seen 25 percent of my video, create a look like for dis for people like them, friends, this is the most appropriate order, husband, when you have to wish new people, but you have to use it on the right people, such interesting does not work so much because it is very big, but like like is very sour because Facebook's machine learning and intelligence work in it, so friends, if you want to reach the royals and grow your audience, then you should use look like warriors, it can be the most effective for you, 230 tips which many People do that targeting knowingly and unknowingly because the audience size becomes very small, friends, if you keep a very small audience size then you may have to post a lot and your impact is also less and at the same time, I will tell you such a Jupiter example, so for example, let us take this example of a small location, for example, a place named Udaipur, Udaipur is another small town in Madhya Pradesh, India, suppose you want to run this, okay now you live in this town and you have some problem here, then you come here for beta testing, so for example, for example, we take digital marketing, so I put digital marketing here in interest, in this way I selected digital marketing chlorine gas, then you will see that the potential is coming here, this 10 people is coming, so let's do a printer star cutting on it, so be very smart that if you keep this plant here, then you may have a lot of problem, the posting will become very high, friends, in this case you should do this, if you are very If they are small, then you can run your ad normally. Instead of getting interested, you can make that audience very small. So friends, here you will be suggested that if possible, you should not make your audience less than a hundred, that is, 1 lakh. Do less than 1 lakh only in that case if there is custom and from here, if you are doing interest targeting, then keep your audience above 1 lakh, then Facebook will work profitably for you, it will work cheaply. If you make your audience smaller, then there will be a cost effect and you may get less reach. The fourth tip which people do knowingly or unknowingly is to read it, so friends, there is a small option from Facebook under audience targeting, where Facebook tells you in this way that brother, if you click on it, then I will try to reach more people to the right people. But friends, there is something wrong in this, see, let me show you friends, as you can see here that we have digital marketing but on it there is a location. That is Udaipur. Right now you can see here that there is one strong point, that is, there are 10 people in Udaipur who may be interested in digital marketing. Okay, but now see, there is a small optional option here, as I talk about details targeting sponge, here Facebook wants to do Rich People Beyond Your Details Targeting Selection, well as likely to improve your problems, that is, if you have a chance of improving your performance, then if you click on this, then I will try to reach more people if there is a possibility of getting good performance, but see friends, if I click on this, then what happens is that as friends, I ticked here, you can see here that the potential D has become 180000, that means friends, it has definitely moved out of the Udaipur location. This means that if you click on Explain here, then your location becomes the target, which can be very wrong and your one which is wrong It can see people, so in this way, you need to keep in mind that if you turn it off, do it thoughtfully. I would say that you should not click on the spy button at all. So, the proper thing in your targeting is that you know who you have targeted and to whom the ad is shown. 205 Music Relax Level does this, that is, not selecting placement, that is, running automatic placement on your net, then automatically running ads in that place. Facebook had run ads a little on its own so that it can generate more profit, so it does not think about where your clicks can go more. Like now friends, you can see here when we scroll down and see an option of placement, here white white here automatic placement is chosen, okay, here recommended is also written, but I would say that this is not recommended, you should use manual placement and from here you should use where you want to run your ads and friends, most probably your extra oil comes in two places. Facebook News and Instagram pages are the two places where you get the most results. I would say that you should run these in only two places. And if you want to use other platforms, then try testing them. For that, you can create a separate platform and try it on all the new placements. For example, if you want to try Instagram stories or some other platforms, you can try right now. You can try this network type. So, create separate platforms and try them on them. You will understand whether it is profitable for me or my business or not. You can run news pages, your speed and Instagram feed. Always keep them separate. Test all the other new placements and then use them. Apart from this, friends, if you want to download digital marketing tools for free, it is written in the description below. You can download from there. If you want to see more videos related to Facebook marketing, you can click on the playlist given here. Apart from this, if you want to see more videos related to Facebook marketing, then you can click on the playlist given below. I also want to see videos related to event marketing, then you can delete it below. by clicking

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamalshah4767 [1 likes]: Thanks 😌
  2. @vishantmistry2654 [1 likes]: 👍😀

- How To Analyze Competitor Ads (Best Tools & Methods): Kind: captions Language: en so you want to spy on your competitors huh well look there's no shame in the competitive analysis game we all do it let me show you the best tools and strategies for researching and analyzing your Rivals ads and how to crush your adversaries with a weight of a thousand failed product campaigns too much right yeah too much that's okay let's just show you a few ways to get a slight Edge over your competition chapter one the best tools for competitive ad analysis the first tool that every performance marketer should be looking at and using is obviously meta ads Library I know it's table Stakes for sure but let me show you what to do and look for once you're inside there in this example we're going to look at true classic the apparel company and if we use some of meta's filters we can actually get pretty smart with it let's say for example we want to see the ads they ran during Black Friday last year we can toggle the filters to look at inactive ads during that time period and even more importantly we'll want to look at which ones ran the longest or had multiple versions to get a better idea of like what was probably performing best for them because they were testing these iterations on winning Concepts okay the second tool you're going to want to definitely check out is Tik Tok top ads Spotlight for competitive ad analysis this tool shares high- performing ads that are handpicked by Tik Tok creative experts each month let me show you how to use it as you're scrolling through ads you can pick one and then let's dive into a deeper analysis and that way we can see the ads performance objectives linked landing page but even cooler is Tik tok's creative assistant over here which can tell you why this ad performs so well it can also write a script for you that's similar to the ad transpose it into an audio clip with the gender and language of you're choosing and prep it for you to download which is insane it also shows you an interactive time analysis that gives you the transcript and a super in-depth review of what each line in the ad is doing it tells you what kind of key creative elements we used like rhetorical questions product comparisons hacks tips all these things and when they occurred it just blows my mind how it seemingly analyzes every single detail of an ad for you let's say that you want to better understand the exact moments in a competitor's ad for when their CTR did the best you can just dive into this timeline here match it up to what was said or shown right at that moment or right before it spiked this is crazy crazy and you don't want to miss out on this tool okay another tool worth mentioning here is Amazon because last year in 2023 Amazon released these review summaries on product pages which can be super helpful for identifying where your competitor's products are succeeding failing and doing so so it's a good way to identify key features that you excel in but where your competitors may have let down their consumers so differentiation unlocked the last tool worth mentioning here is gigabrain you can use this tool to assemble conversations that are happening across Reddit communities all in one place so for example let's say we looked at Optimum Nutrition and their gold standard way protein we get a bullet point summarizing several conversations of what redditors are talking about with this protein we can look for potential hooks I can call out where people are commonly skeptical and address these objections with my competitors in the opening of an ad in this case I could find inspiration against my competitor and how high their score is or low their score is on labdoor and how our protein doesn't have additives and ours is cleaner than theirs it's just really helpful chapter 2 analyzing competitor ad hooks visuals and scripts all right so once you've nailed down popular ads from your competitors it's time to deconstruct what they're doing with their hooks their visuals and their scripts my suggestion is to create a competitor data base with shared documents and spreadsheets that you can plug into other tools like chat GPT and clean it up for team presentations or client meetings so when it comes to a competitor's video ad there are a ton of variables to consider and you can get overwhelmed really quickly so we're just going to focus on four aspects of the hook that Mela crespy taught us on one of our recent webinars here at motion so the four things are visuals text overlay audio and emotion provoked for this example let's look at our friends over true classic and an ad that we pulled up earlier from meta if we look at the first 3 seconds we can see that they use a side by-side video comparison that uses three text boxes upbeat music without any voice over and uses a relatable problem hook also has product demonstration and then this before after hybrid that evokes desire and curiosity next we're going to analyze the visuals and the pacing here is when you'll study both what is seen and what might be missing so set up a dock again or a spreadsheet sheet and start checking off boxes or filling in cells as you begin to answer questions like kind of shots are shown here is it group shots products illustrations do they use a green screen effect are they using Instagram or Tik Tok native fonts is it animated in any way if so what is it the text that's animated what kind of transitions are being used and how often how fast or slow are the visuals appearing and then maybe like how many ideas were being covered within that speed or that length of time so if we go back to that true classic ad we see that most of these are product shots right they change about every 2 seconds and they're paired with like a selling point and benefits that are demonstrated through again the before and after side by-side comparisons and the deeper we go into the ad we start seeing things like social proof right here discounted promotions and a few more selling points demonstrating again those different types of like customers and maybe some additional selling points so lots to look at here when you're analyzing everything that's happening in the ad chapter 3 anal izing competitor ad intent offer and the landing page the last part we recommend for examining competitor ads is understanding how the ads intent matches the intent of the landing page that it's leading people to on your same competitor planning doc we've been talking about write down an answer these questions is the competitor sending you to a landing page or a product page do you see a strong consistency between the hook of the ad and what is hooking you on the landing page is the CTA enhancing the user journey is it hurting it or which key features are they highlighting in the landing page all right so if we look at this true classic ad we can see it really Nails the visual here that we see in the hook and we see it throughout the ad with that side by-side comparison it's the same exact imagery above the fold as soon as you get onto the landing page the ad also offers a discount that's immediately addressed below the hero image right here and it matches that offer perfectly uses the same exact discount amount of 60% the same language and pretty much the same product images too so that congruency is really really critical for creating that experience you want your customers to have all right well we hope this helped and if you have other tools or methods for doing competitive ad analysis maybe we missed them drop them in the comments as always thanks for watching and you can get a free trial or a free demo of motion to analyze and ship more winning ads by clicking the links in the description

  Top Comments:
  1. @AshleyHildebrand-d9q [3 likes]: this was wildly educational - thanks!
  2. @LaurieHubert-o1c [2 likes]: Thank you very much so much for this video. It was very informative.
  3. @basepunkid [1 likes]: Superb video!
  4. @alyonadubnitskaya9301 [1 likes]: Super informative and in very concise way ❤ thanks a lot
  5. @jwh0122: 0:30 Meta: Ad Library
1:08 TikTok: Top Ads Spotlight; Creative Assistant
2:19 Amazon: review summaries
2:37 Reddit: GigaBrain

3:17 ad hooks, visuals, scripts
3:55 4 variables to analyze

5:30 ad intent, offer, landing page
  6. @pedrobravo-h6u: thanks player
  7. @known4performance: Great examples and comments on each ❤
  8. @mrashidaliraza: Super valuable and interesting and most people don't even go into details

- Claude + MCP: Analyze Competitor Ads Across 5 Platforms Instantly: Kind: captions Language: en Let me show you how Claude can become your competitive intelligence analyst. First, I enable extended thinking and the ads libraries MCP connector. Now, I simply ask Claude to analyze Adidas and Under Arour's ad strategies across all platforms and generate a competitive intelligence report. Claude immediately gets to work orchestrating a competitive analysis framework. Watch as it autonomously queries the ads libraries, finding company profiles, pulling their page IDs, and gathering ad data from Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Google Ads, and Microsoft Ads. It's systematically collecting data across every major advertising platform. Now, it's synthesizing everything and generating a professional Word document. And here's the result. A comprehensive competitive intelligence report. Adidas uses a brand first strategy with emotional storytelling through their you got this campaign. While Under Arour focuses heavily on conversion with aggressive discount messaging. The report covers data from Facebook, LinkedIn, Google Ads, and Microsoft Ads. A complete seven-page competitive intelligence report ready to download all from a single prompt. That's the power of Claude with MCP.

- How to Perform a Competitive Analysis for Facebook Ads in 2023: Kind: captions Language: en this is going to be the first installment of a new series where I find five different creatives every week and talk about why I think they're high performing ads first for some background I'm Max I'm a digital strategist and media buyer I help scale e-commerce Brands who are spending anywhere between a few hundred dollars a day and over ten thousand plus dollars a day and often as a media buyer and creative strategists which are a little bit one and the same these days it's really important to be able to create and identify High performing creatives and also know why they work to introduce this video I'm going to talk about a few ways that you can do your own competitive research to figure out how to make great creatives for your brand using competitive research is going to save you a lot of time and money on testing why create net New Concepts when you can just spy on your competitors and find Concepts that are already working well now of course you don't want to copy a competitor and do the exact same thing but this is just to get the angle and concept of what they're doing and it's really easier to start from somewhere using a concept that's already been proven and potentially profitable for a competitor a great way to do this is by digging into your Niche go on to your competitor's website click add to cart on one of their products and you'll start receiving their ads and assuming you know how this works that's because the Facebook pixel is installed on the competitor's website and your actions will be tracked and then you'll get targeted with their ads but I'm assuming you know that because you're watching this video I also use the Facebook ads library to search for competitors or also similar Brands so in general when doing competitive research it's very important to notice the amount of social proof the likes and amount of comments that are on a competitor's ad this is because if an ad has a ton of social proof on it it's very likely been on for an extended period of time ads with the most comments the most likes and most social proof that have been on the longest amount of time should be the best ads and you know that you can build off of these Concepts you can also look at the date in Facebook ads manager and see how long an ad has been running for if an ad's been on for more than a month you can pretty much assume it's doing really well now when you're taking inspiration from an ad make sure that you're not just directly copying the script of the app really think about the desires and the pain points that that specific ad is speaking to for their customer and this is what I mean by an ad concept because the last thing you should do is directly copy or competitor editors but definitely don't be afraid to take inspiration alright that's enough education on this let's dive into these ads so the first ad we're going to be looking at is a brand called Cash by cash app this is an ad that I found on Instagram and by just looking at this ad on my phone it was extremely thumb stopping that's what really stood out to me about it I think it's also really smart that they showed a guy and a girl showing off both of their products also the copywriting checkout fall and winter 2022 is very straightforward and strong for me this ad is the definition of a hook really stopping you in your tracks and doing a great job at keeping your attention by showing you a bunch of really cool clothing options that's all I really have to say about this ad if I were to give them a suggestion I would say they could actually extend this video try this out as the hook and then go into more features and benefits showing off more of their clothes and talking about it a little bit more but I also think this can be done on the landing page so I don't know really how this is doing for them but that was just my suggestion all right the next ad I'm going to talk about is by New Balance this ad is a three slide Carousel and what I really like about it is that it displays the product front and center in their beautiful product photography from running shoe brands in the past I've noticed that product on white photography works really well but what I love about this is that they took a very bright shoe of theirs so very attention grabbing very bold and they put it in a three slide Carousel why I like this is because the second slide in particular is a man holding a basketball I think what's really smart about adding that second slide is it truly calls out that this is a sports sneaker for basketball in particular and it directly speaks to a target audience of basketball players that's all I have to say about this ad let's go to the third one so this ad is a really good one it's from the beard club and what I love about this is the hook really awesome about the hook of this ad is that it speaks directly to a Target audience's desire to have a full beard a lot of guys are not able to grow a full beard and I know growing up I always wanted to have the full beard that I actually have today I guess but for a long time it was very patchy and there are still even instances where I have a few patches here and there but for some guys it is a much larger issue where they're unable to grow a full beard so in the first second there's this cool split screen and it says the real secret to early beard growth and it has a guy on the right with a full beard combing through his beard and on the left there's this kind of ASMR weird scrolling thing it almost looks like them rubbing lotion on a balloon and that's an interesting call out because that isn't necessarily something that is directly related to a beard but it almost Works in a weird way that actually might be shaving cream and then quickly within the first two seconds it cuts to another video of a man with a patchy beard does this ad hooks you it speaks directly to the Market's desire of wanting a full beard and then directly calls out that pain point and then it says but guess what and then describes how their product can help give you a fuller beard the other best part of this ad is it goes through the products features and benefits it shows all of the different products it also shows you how to take a quiz on their website which is a really cool thing where you almost tease the future customer experience and also there's a guarantee at the end of the ad which is huge this is something that a lot of people forget is to address your customers pain points for example if you're selling a shoe a lot of people are worried about whether or not you can get a full refund and get a free return so it's really smart in that case to them put that in your ad speak directly to your customers pain points that are preventing them from purchasing your product in this case they say if your beer doesn't grow you're guaranteed a full refund that sounds like a no-brainer to me I'll buy the product then and ending on the phrase don't give up the beer that you've always wanted that is just great all right so this next ad is a little bit different it says we're not in 1985 anymore which is a really interesting call to action calling out that prices for insurance do not need to be as high as they are I really like the way that this is thumb stopping with its bright colors strong call to action and then The Ripping through the center of the screen that's a really cool way that they were able to create the almost Us and Them feature without even directly calling out a competitor simply says that your insurance is way too expensive here's why and then they show that Jerry's insurance is significantly cheaper I also really like how they kept the copywriting very simple saying easy fast and free overall I think this is a really clever and strong static image alright and we finally made it to the last out of this video and it is for Sperrys I think the best part about this ad is simply that it was attention grabbing it was able to pull me in and also I know that Sperrys is a huge brand so I was very willing to look into what they're selling not only is the shoe in the ad really attractive but the way that they have the depth of field in the ad splashing the puddle at the screen is super attention grabbing and also kind of Addicting to watch over and over again as a gift I also think it's really smart that they made this a collection ad or an instant experience where they have their other shoes dynamically generated underneath the original creative I honestly don't think this ad would have been as effective if it was just the shoe splashing into the puddle because I wouldn't have had anything else to look at after I was hooked but because they had other shoes there I was much more willing to click through and more intrigued by these other shoes I saw this ad was really simple but really well done and that's it I hope you enjoyed this video if you liked it leave a like leave a comment if you want to see any more videos like this or have any suggestions for a future video feel free to subscribe if you enjoyed and I'll see you in the next video peace [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @SteveMiguel [1 likes]: Great info my man!
  2. @JustinTRegis [1 likes]: Brilliant!

- How to Perform Competitor Analysis - Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en hi Welcome to our shlock home Series today we'll show you how to spy on your competitors through Facebook ads Library it's important to knowe that this is not about the boosting of posts but rather about the sponsored content that they are running on Facebook ads manager for a complex platform like Facebook ads manager you certainly do not have the time for guest work you can look at what your competitors are doing in terms of artwork in terms of copy messaging video and even the various platforms they are sponsoring on through meta business suit so let's dig into it say You're The Mastermind behind an e-commerce gift store and you want to advertise on Facebook first you'll type your competitor's name into the search bar like poing then you'll sneak over to their profile do a little bit of a mouse dance and click on the about Tab and TAA you'll see the page transparency tab tab scroll down look for the magic words this page is currently running ads that's your golden ticket right there as you scroll through you'll start to pick up on the secret campaign strategies it's like a treasure hunt basically now here's a catch to be a top notot spy you need to be operating from a desktop or laptop none of those fancy gadgets sorry mobile app users it's called features are off limits to you keep watching our other videos on how you can become an FBI a fun business inspector happy spying everyone

- Competitor Analysis 101: Avoid These Fatal Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past few years, I've seen countless businesses obsessing over competitors marketing strategies only to end up destroying their own results in the process. So, in this video, I'm going to show you how you can start using competitor analysis and doing a competitor audit the right way so that it doesn't negatively impact your results, but it still allows you to keep tabs on the market and most importantly, understand how you can differentiate yourself and offer a unique proposition to your target audience. So, firstly, we need to address the pitfalls to avoid when doing any kind of competitor audit or competitor analysis. I lose count the amount of times I've heard from clients This competitor is making Google Ads work or they're doing incredibly well here. When I ask them how they know that, they say Well, they've got way more followers than us. They've got way more likes on their post. I always see their ads. And do you know how much they're making from those ads? Well, no, but their company's growing year on year and they've got way more employees than us. They've just moved into new offices. Do you know that the growth is coming from a result from the marketing they're doing or is that coming from referrals and outbound? Well, I don't know, but I looked in SEMrush as well and their organic traffic is growing year on year. Okay, but have you noticed the majority of keywords they're ranking for are for completely irrelevant searches that have no level of commercial intent? And this is the reality of the situation. No matter what signs you might see on the outside or how successful a business looks by their followers, even by their organic growth. Even if it's a publicly trading company and you can see their revenue is growing year on year and their employee head count is growing, you have no idea where that growth is coming from. You have no idea what parts of their marketing are actually working and what aren't. And even if their ads are bringing in new customers, you don't know what the return on ad spend is. It's crazy the amount of people I speak to on a day-to-day basis who are pouring tens, sometimes hundreds of thousands of dollars on ads each month and they're losing money on them. This is the reality for most businesses. So, don't be fooled into thinking that what your competitors are doing is going to work for you because it might not even be working for them despite how it looks on the outside. Looks can be deceiving. I've seen this so many times with online courses where there are course creators who are selling a course for maybe two, three thousand pounds and they have these claims of 10,000 courses sold. And when I've then looked into it when we're doing this competitor analysis, it turns out those thousands of courses they had supposedly sold were actually all sold for £5 on Udemy and they just recently set up a website now trying to sell it for three grand. And this is the biggest flaw with competitor analysis is you never know, unless you have worked for that company or have inside information from somebody working within that company, you just do not know how that company's marketing is actually performing and which areas of their marketing are actually leading to their business growth. So, you might be asking yourself, well, what can I do then? Well, one of the most powerful things you can do is to do what I call an audience attention audit. In other words, how can we find what our audience are exposed to every day and what they're seeing from competitors and how can we create a message that stands separate from that to cut through the noise? Because you have to remember, people are exposed to so many marketing messages on a daily basis. Most people get what I call ad fatigue where whenever they see any form of marketing, whether it be an email campaign, whether it be a a billboard, an ad on their Facebook feed, they know what to look for. Their ad alarm goes off in their head almost and then they just scroll on past it. Our brains are wired to look for patterns so that it can shortcut and skim past certain information so that we don't end up with sensory overload. So, this is where you then need to find ways you can go against those patterns. In marketing, we call this a pattern interrupt to stand out, to grab attention and to separate yourself from the competition in order to win the attention of your target audience. So, here's what you're going to do. You're going to open up the ad libraries across multiple platforms. Pretty much every advertising platform out there will have a public ad library. So, Meta has their own ad library for Facebook and Instagram ads. LinkedIn has its own library for B2B ads. TikTok has their own ad library. Google also has the Google Transparency Center where you can type in an advertiser's name and all of these tools will then show you what ads they are running. You can even search on a lot of these tools by industries as well to find competitors you maybe didn't even know you had. And no, we're not going to just copy what they're doing. Imagine you were that customer who is inundated with all of these ads on a daily basis and ask yourself honestly, if I was seeing all of these ads on a daily basis and I was being exposed to all of this noise and all these people who are probably saying the same thing, what would I have to see to grab my attention? Start looking for the patterns, the trends amongst all of these competitors and find ways you can create a polarizing and contrasting message and therefore separates you from all of your competition. Another thing you can do here in the same vein is to look at your competitors' websites, look at their sign-up processes and ask yourself objectively again, going through this, how would I feel if I was the customer? Does our website just do all the same things our competitors are doing? And if so, how can we address some things that make us stand out and make us feel unique? We did this on our call booking page where we looked at most other agencies' book a call page and they literally just had a calendar widget. So, instead, I created a personal video that went on that page. We also started gathering reviews and testimonials from people we were speaking to on these discovery calls. So, we then actually started publishing those quotes and those testimonials on that page. So, we know then when people have got multiple tabs open on their browser, they're looking at all of our competitors, which they inevitably will be, when they see our page, they have so much more confidence and excitement about speaking to us because we've made it look far more attractive and removed those doubts and frictions that people often have about being sold to. Another thing that we did recently is we found that most agencies just weren't talking about price on their website. So, we actually created a pricing page on our site. Despite all of our pricing and packages being fully customized for each client, what we wanted to do was to at least allow people to budget and know whether they could at least afford our services. So, we published from pricing to give people that full transparency. And what we found is that our lead quality improved, but also our lead volume improved, which I wasn't expecting. But I think that just shows how much people appreciate transparency if you're doing something that your competitors just aren't willing to do. So, really think about this objectively. Open up your top competitor sites on your browser. Look comparatively across your site and all of your competitors and ask yourself, what can you do, what can you say to go the extra mile at these key points in the customer journey to really give them the confidence that they are in the right place. What things aren't your competitors saying that you can be saying? You can also do this by using content gap analysis tools on platforms like SEMrush, Ahrefs, SE Ranking where you can plug in certain keywords and see where your competitors have got specific gaps on certain keywords that they're maybe not ranking for that you know would be a good keyword to rank for. This is something I see again and again in the organic marketing space and the SEO space where every company, every marketing team, every SEO agency out there seems to be just blindly following keyword research tools instead of actually using their own gut feeling about what they think customers would be searching for. There are countless blogs I've written on the Elevate website that keyword research tools have said that keyword gets zero searches a month. And here's what happens. Our competitors all see the same thing, so none of them write about it. Only to find that a couple of weeks later, Google is ranking that position one and that blog is bringing us thousands of visits a month. So, don't get caught up on worrying if you see a keyword doesn't have zero searches, that doesn't mean you shouldn't be creating content around it because if you genuinely believe, knowing your target audience, that it is something they should be searching for, then you've got a very good chance to start ranking for something that a lot of your competitors are probably missing because they are over-relying on using these tools. And a large part of marketing is tapping into that intuition, what you instinctively know or believe your customers would be looking up. What are the concerns you know they have? What are the fears that they have? I once heard a quote that was something along the lines of, "The best way to tackle your competitors is to pay them no attention and instead pay your customers all of the attention." Because the reality is, most of these large incumbents out there are so obsessed with what their competitors are doing, they end up taking their eye off of the customer and as a result they're just chasing their tails. Whilst then the small disruptive startups who come on the scene and end up taking over are the ones who obsessed over their customers. Really the main thing I want you to take from this, if you can do anything, is try to just really put yourself in the shoes of your customers. Now you might now be asking yourself, well that's great Tom, but how do I actually find where our audience are so I can get these kind of insights? Well, in this next video coming up, I'm going to be showing you how to do exactly that. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mattamberson8815 [2 likes]: A good actionable guide.
  2. @mashigulu [1 likes]: I was actually searching within your channel last week to see there was a video about competitor analysis and here you made one. Thank you so much! This is super helpful.
  3. @Genie_boo: Spot on! Avoiding those common pitfalls in competitor audits is key. Great practical advice on standing out!
  4. @andimaonah: ❤️❤️❤️❤️
  5. @Rlli54: ❤❤

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- Amazing Facebook and Instagram Image Ads Strategies & Step By Step: Kind: captions Language: en we're gonna jump right into creating photo ads for facebook and instagram we'll start with brainstorming and finding inspiration and planning things out then we'll go into different camera settings so you can get the best photos possible then we're gonna go on a platform which has free and paid options and we'll completely design the photos so they are 100 ready to be uploaded to your facebook ad campaigns this does have some clips from my two hour facebook ads training i will link to that at the end but even if you've already seen that i definitely recommend watching this all the way through because there's so much new stuff we're going to start by doing some brainstorming and finding inspiration and this should really be an ongoing process for my customers and clients we're doing like 10 20 30 sometimes even 100 new ads per month just because you need to constantly be innovating and keep things fresh and working really well so how do you even get started the first thing you can do is go to facebook.com slash library and we want to switch to search all and you can look up your competitors um you can also look up uh people in your industry so i do a lot with like food and beverage so we can just do hello fresh for this example you can choose the country and the platform i used to like usually like to keep it at all platforms so what you can do is you can actually see the ads that they're running now know that this isn't necessarily all the ads that they're running uh for some reason sometimes stuff doesn't show up like some ad campaigns i've looked up on here where i know we've got like 100 ads going and it shows like two so they may be running a lot more than this but this gives us a good indication of the various things that they're running you can look at like colors the type of photos you know typically people use like photos of people work really well but they've got these really nice product shots we also want to look at sort of a ratio of photos to video so if it's like a course or something like that informational coach consultant uh probably like 80 are gonna be videos uh if it's something very very visual and simple and easy to understand like hello fresh or food i find sometimes with that you have like 60 70 75 of them are photos what i like to do is i like to take a screenshot of the various photos i like to do a screenshot because then i can actually see like the button and the headline and things like that and then i always move them to i have like an inspiration folder on my desktop creative folder and it's not necessarily to copy people but it's to just provide inspiration and sometimes you can innovate it or make it your own and make it even better than the initial one but i always recommend looking up someone who's kind of a big player in your industry even if they're not a direct competitor you do want to think about sometimes companies of different sizes have different priorities like if you're a new soft drink company you may just be trying to get as many sales as possible whereas someone like coke may just kind of build brand awareness and get people to like their brand and stuff like that now it starts with the most recent ads and then at the bottom is going to be the ones launched the furthest back so i always like to look at what ads are the furthest back what's the earliest ones that we have the reason i do this is this was launched in july you know i'm recording this uh late october so it's been running close to half a year not quite half a year if this ad was not making money they would not be running it you're not gonna run an ad that is unprofitable for over half a year whereas some of the stuff that just launched you really scrolling back up to the top have no idea they've just launched this it may tank for them it may be losing them money and they just have it going for a couple days but we don't really know the audiences that they're using and we also don't know you know if this ad was shown to someone who visited one of the pages or started a checkout or like them on facebook or anything like that or if it's just shown to huge broad audiences people have never heard of them before so i actually like also going to the website and kind of seeing okay do they have an offer the way it's structured sometimes i'll even go to check out and then not complete the checkout because a lot of times they'll have like an abandoned cart and i'll look at the different pages because it's likely that i will start receiving retargeting ads from them so then i can kind of keep track of this i can add it to the the spreadsheet you know to kind of track along a single brand like the different ads that they showed to me i actually almost always buy their product by the competitors products just so i can see kind of what kind of emails they send how frequently they send them what happens if i abandon the cart just that whole process you really want to think about if they're doing something that you're not doing that's driving a lot of purchases they're going to out compete you so you want as few things where you're falling behind as possible okay so we got this pop-up offer right here so i would you know write it down you can make a google doc or a spreadsheet just for hellofresh if that's who your target so when i'm scrolling through facebook i am always just saving things that look really cool things that stop me from scrolling that catch my eye things like that so i have you know a list of you know 100 different ads that i found really inspiring or attention grabbing or things like that that's actually not a bad image bright colors that pop so what you can do you can actually save the link so you can save it for later to view i usually do screenshot just because sometimes they delete an ad and then you can't access it anymore actually under the ads library you can actually copy a link to the ad so you can send someone a link to the ad the only problem is if it no longer becomes active if they pause the ad sometimes you can't see it again in the future which is a big bummer which is why i always like to save a screenshot and actually have it on my hard drive that's never going anywhere so the final thing you want to do is actually go to your facebook page and instagram page and look through all of the comments and see what people are talking about what frustrations they have anything that's keeping them from buying uh testimonials people saying great things people highlighting the things that they like um it's much much better if it's actually for your page your actual customers talking um if you don't have a following i'd recommend building one up building that community it's really helpful for running facebook ads instagram ads if you don't have a following actually look up one of your competitors and read through all of their comments so i'm gonna pretend that this is my page and my brand so i'd go through and just look through the comments and actually spend 20 minutes 30 minutes depending how many there are seeing what people are discussing this can also give you ideas for audiences you know this person this woman says she's a nurse keeps me full during my shift so i would definitely take a screenshot of that and i would also grab the text and punch it into my thing like testimonials things for my page um it's up to you how you want to organize this but just so you're saving that so you can reference it at any point in the future with facebook ads you have the headline like the main text that people see the text down below but if it's a photo or or a video you can also put text like at the top or on the photo so you'd really want those to be just suck people and um you know if the text is suppose this happened to you on your wedding day they really are gonna wanna find out more it's on the page actually click on that page one of the worst things that you can do in facebook is just being incredibly boring you want to inspire some sort of emotion you know make people build up curiosity make people smile make them laugh it can even be it's a little harder you have to be a little more skilled to do like sadness or frustration or anger properly comparing and contrasting can be pretty effective so you want to think about your competition uh often i don't directly call them out by name but it can kind of just be you versus the competitors so let's say the potato chip example you just take your average bag of potato chips and it's like them oh they've got no protein and we've got six grams of protein they've got this many calories this much fat where you can directly see the two comparing contrasted it's a really cool visual way and good way to use text to show hey here's how we're different than all the competitors then the potato chip industry just for this example i'd actually really encourage you to get really creative and zany and out there because sometimes that really catches people's attention if you want to put on a superhero cape and smash watermelons with a sledgehammer if you can do a good job tying it into your message and your sales like that's something that could really catch people's attention it could completely flop but often the ones that do very best are ones where you're actually taking a risk versus just going with super generic not creative at all if you have the resources to not use stock images that's generally what i recommend they just don't do nearly as well on facebook they look very corporate sometimes very fake so if possible have your own people even if it's just someone you know what the product using it things like that you can put things in a gallery and actually highlight a number of different images generally i've found single images tend to perform a little bit better but that's definitely something you will want to test you want to really think about creating these photo ads specifically targeting your exact customers so if your customers are young women you probably want to feature a young woman in your ads so they can kind of picture themselves using the product or using your service anytime you can feature a person actually using the product and feeling some sort of emotion that generally tends to perform better and with your product really try to make it look amazing actually spend some time arranging it maybe choosing a cool background or really lighting it so it really pops and stands out really think if i was a customer would this photo make me want to try the product or the service you can take really high quality photos with your phone especially if you have a lot of light but it definitely can be worth it hiring a professional photographer or accessing a dslr camera sometimes you can find them for just a couple hundred dollars or rent them for significantly less than that and i want to cover some different camera settings you'll still definitely want to be aware of how these different settings impact your image even if you're using your phone and it's setting things automatically now f-stop has to do with the lens and it's how much light is being let into the lens the lens i'm using right now is the 35 millimeter which is the focal distance or how zoomed in it is and then it's a 1.4 that means the max or lowest f-stop it can go to is 1.4 so it starts at 1.4 then goes to f2 f 2.8 f 4 f 5.6 f 8 and above that now this is a prime lens which means the focal length is fixed you can't zoom it in and out and those are usually a little higher quality image and it means you can have a lower f-stop which is great in low light now some zoom lenses will have a name like 18 to 55 f 4 to f 5.6 so that means that you can zoom in and out but that also means as you zoom the max f-stop changes so zoomed out all the way the max f-stop would be f4 but zoomed in the max f-stop is f 5.6 for my lenses i really like having an f-stop of 1.4 and for zoom lenses the fastest you can get is generally 2.8 so it lets in all the light and looks brighter and impacts the way the image looks in that way but if you have the lens wide open that means you'll have a much shallower depth of field if your lens is closed down and at something like an f22 that means that you'll have a ton in focus whereas right now i'm shooting at f2 which means that about eight inches are actually in focus and often when it's really dark out you don't have any choice but to shoot with a shallow depth of field and your lens open so i'll generally try to decide if i want a shallow or wide depth of field and then i'll set the f-stop to that number and then tweak other settings to get the image looking just right so what is the shutter speed and how does that impact your video so for a lot of photos if you're shooting sports photography if you don't have that shutter speed at less than a thousandth of a second there will be motion blur and the image will be blurry and if you're shooting handheld sometimes the image will be blurry just from your hands moving slightly if you're shooting ballpark less than 1 50th of a second it kind of depends on the focal length you're using so in the end shutter speed is basically the amount of motion blur you're seeing the last thing i wanted to tell you about is iso sometimes asa now this is digitally boosting the image and it makes it brighter but it adds some noise in so every time you double your iso that makes it one stop brighter with cameras before they're digital you used to be able to choose the film stock 100 200 400 now you have way more options and the image looks so much cleaner this has opened up a whole bunch of amazing possibilities for filmmakers where you can shoot in the dark and have the image look good or even sometimes have a little bit more in focus because you're able to boost the iso quite a bit if you boost it too high the image will get a lot softer it won't look as good and it'll have a lot of noise and grain you'll want to know the breaking point for your camera on this camera it's around 4 000 but on my older camera i don't want to push it anything past 800 and they're cameras that can do crazy boosting like the a7s so here's the order that you'll generally want to do things start with your f-stop choose how much you want in focus and set it based off of that then you'll set your shutter and then you can adjust the iso making sure not to go over that breaking point to get the image looking just right i've got no professional lights right now i am just right in front of a window i'll show you a reverse shot there it's an even lighting source and you could see the difference if this light is behind me it's completely blown out which means the whites are completely clipping and if i were to expose for the outside that would just completely throw me into shadow so just being right in front and setting it based off my face makes an enormous difference also it's a lot worse if you have lights directly overhead i'm gonna show you what that looks like right now and this could be light directly overhead that is the sun it could also be inside lights overhead so right now i have the light directly overhead and it's not a good look there's a lot of light here and hardly any especially down here which makes me look extra tired and kind of sunken eyes and you know even if i adjust you can attack your phone and kind of drag to set it manually but no matter where i put it now it's no longer as bad on my nose but my eyes are just completely dark so you can see why this isn't a good look yeah no matter how i adjust it so you run into this if you're shooting at noon or just inside at night and you have lights coming from overhead like they are now rather than at eye level the best times for outside light generally 60 to 90 minutes after sunrise or 60 to 90 minutes before sunset but really those three hour windows on either side are pretty solid if it's noon the sun's going to be really strong directly overhead it's not going to look as good if you're shooting then if you can be in the shade and try to have a lot of it behind you in the shade as well you don't want it to be crazy bright and you're really really dark you do want to focus on making your face exposed correctly or the correct levels if it's a choice between having the background way too bright or your face way too dark it's an example of an area that's just way too dark for my phone and you can see there's just a whole lot of noise and grain that's trying to electronically boost the image in post it just doesn't look very good not only does it get really grainy the image is also incredibly soft so you want light sources that are closer to you and that provide a lot of light preferably at eye level and not overhead for creating the ads that use the online platform glorify it's very similar to something like canva they do have a free trial and then it's about 10 a month if you want unlimited access to everything so very similar to canva but it has an awesome background cutout tool and it's really designed entirely around e-commerce let's say we want to do a square photo you can look up like by most popular and then you know just find something that works really well and then you can just punch in your own photo and you know everything is completely editable the nice thing is they sometimes have like packs and things like that so you can find other similar templates so you can see there's a whole bunch of other designs i like the smart resize it makes it pretty easy to do let's say 1080 by 1920 you still have to do some work but you can see it pretty quickly readjusted that so it's now in the story format which we'll definitely want so like remove the images and change out the fonts give the text whatever name you want and let's see i've got my uploads so we can just put that waffle in there with photos generally you want some sort of text some bright colors you can do like a bright outline around the edges like a red bar or something like that occasionally you can actually make it work where it has no text where it kind of like blends in with the timeline a little bit and just looks like they're seeing a photo from someone else so it doesn't scream add to them usually that works best if it's a photo that's just like every day like was just taken with someone's phone um where people kind of get sucked in especially with food or something like you do actually have access to a lot of free photos so like we have this woman eating the watermelon since this is just an example i am gonna use a stock photo here but if i was running a paid campaign i would actually take each photo myself let me show you how cool the background remover tool is wow yeah that's crazy so it cut all of that out really really well um maybe i'll cut out the watermelon itself so you just like paint around what stays in okay so i'm gonna click done you can definitely do this with photoshop it's just a lot faster here one quick tip any program you're working in you know this looks huge your face looks giant but you have to think about people are going to see this you know like that big if it's in the sidebar it may even be like that big so i always look at it a different sizes when i'm doing it you always want to think about having some high level of saturation for stuff like pop you know you have to stay within your brand guidelines but you can see for an example it's pretty quick to create that i'ma click download you can also do a transparent image if you wanted a photo like just a woman so i'm going to do high-res jpeg when i'm running ads we're usually doing like 20 30 50 100 different ads per month the thing is you don't have to do a brand new redesign on each one what you can do is like change out this text even try it with no text change out the photo so i could easily turn this into four variations five variations let me switch out the text to gluten free and save that if you have brand colors you'll definitely want to incorporate those but you do want to make sure that the image really pops and stands out maybe has a lot of saturation and just catches people's attention blue is very trusted red is kind of like exciting or it could be fun and things like that each color has connotations which you really want to think about so having those consistent across the board and professional that'll just make a big difference with establishing a really strong brand identity there are two free photo editing options the first is the program called it's very similar to photoshop where you can do a whole bunch with like crazy layers and cutouts and tools and and then canva is very similar to the glorify app um it's a little less ecommerce focused but it's really cool really well featured a lot of people create ads in both of those programs too i'm going to really quickly find one last design you want to act like you're scrolling through facebook and see what really jumps out at you and you don't have to always have text uh it usually works fairly well let's see that one jumped out at me facebook generally wants you to use a little bit less text they used to have a rule that was really hard and fast that you could only have 20 percent of the image be text they've backed off from that a little bit but it's still not a bad practice to have it be around 20 all right so we've got this other image this one we can use like the text and the headline and the stuff that goes with it to do the selling you don't need to do like a crazy amount within this now you should have your ads let me give you some bonus tips people love smiling faces or people that are actually showing emotion or actually enjoying things people also love like babies and puppies those tend to gain a whole lot of attention and a whole lot of likes do you want to do square as as story so i would recommend doing like 1080 by 1080 and 1080 by 1920 or something similar to that so it's actually high res and looks really good you want to do a variety of ads but that can be as simple as switching out a headline or changing out the photo or swapping out the color or if i'm doing a campaign and say wow this ad did amazingly well i'll start testing different variations with different like headlines and things like that if you haven't seen it yet definitely check out my two hour facebook ads training that takes you from beginner to expert you can also check out the tutorial over there or sign up via email for my 18 day facebook ads course where you get a new lesson every single day you

  Top Comments:
  1. @augoustgigolai1761: Hi Jacob,very helpfull again but i still have isuues with the fb ads manager,events,pixels 
I would like to know if you have any courses or gigs on fiverr upwork etc.
  2. @FreshyFr3sh: Jacob great videos man! Looking forward to seeing more in the future for sure.
  3. @Jake-jm3up: Hello Jacob, first I want to say thank you so much for you help. I've been watching your videos recently and composing along. I'm glad I found your channel! 

With that being said, I am having trouble with my events. I have followed your videos on events and pixels and how to install them but I keep receiving this message when I go to select my pixel and my event. The message reads," This event hasn't been set up on any of your domains. In the future, ad sets using this pixel and optimizing for purchase Will be paused unless you change your available events in events manager."

I have tried everything I can think of and followed every tutorial I can find to fix this issue and I can not seem to find what the issue is or how to fix it. Any help would be very much appreciated!

- 3 Game-Changing Facebook Lead Ad Form Types Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en one of my favorite Facebook ad types to use when I'm running campaigns for my clients is the lead form ad campaign now you might be asking hey why why lead forms versus traffic and you know there are scenarios where both are effective but a lead form ad is almost guaranteed to generate leads for a business because the ad has a a form right in it to collect user information and most recently when I've done campaigns for my clients it's produced amazing results one of the tricky Parts about this Facebook ad type is that when you're creating your instant form your lead form for that ad you're presented with three options for different types of lead forms and in this video I'm going to explain to you the differences between those three form types so that you know which one to use one to use it and how to get the best results for your business so let's get into that right now hey if you're new here my name is L Brown I'm from going social I run a digital marketing agency in Toronto Canada and I help small businesses with digital marketing so that they can level up their business now if you are new if this is one of your first videos that you're seeing of me I would love if you could comment below and say hey I'm new I would love to welcome you into this community and I always look for new members and new subscribers and remember if you like this video please click like and hit subscribe below but now let's get into the demo we're going to go into Facebook ad I'm going to go into an onscreen demo here and I'm going to show you how to set up a lead form ad really quickly and we're going to show you about those different types of AD types so let's get into that right now all right we are here in Facebook ads manager and we're going to start by creating our ad campaign now this is my dummy Facebook ad account and it's got some old stuff in here so don't worry about that but we are going to click on leads now this is the type of AD campaign that you want to select when you are creating a new lead format now I wanted to jump out quickly and just stop for a second now we're talking about lead form ads and yes you can select leads as a goal if you're driving traffic to your website and you want to get a um you know you want to get a lead from a landing page that has a form on it but in this example we're talking about those instant forms those forms that are part of the Facebook ad if you are looking for demos on how to set up different types of Facebook ad campaigns I encourage you to check out my Facebook ads playlist on this channel or you can comment below and ask for Facebook ad demos and I will send you a couple links to those right in the comments but let's continue back on the screen demo and we'll get into this right now okay so we are here we've selected leads we're going to click on next I always go with manual campaigns because I want full control when I'm setting up my campaigns here so we click on next and then we're going to open up to the ad campaign setup window first thing you want to do of course is set up your ad campaign name so we're just going to write lead form demo here if you are creating an ad for a special interest category it is imperative it is super important it is mandatory that you disclose here so a lot of my clients are real estate agents let's just say we're creating it for housing for Real Estate we'll continue on new and there so we've declared that our ad is for let's say real estate as this example you again if if you don't fall under any of these special interest categories you don't have to enter anything here in this case um just for an example I'm showing you that if this was for real estate we have to select the category of housing we have to make sure that our country is set here and then we can continue on I'm not going to toggle any of these on again my um campaign objective is to get leads so we're going to leave that as is and then we can go to the campaign ad set level now again when you're in this area we want to select where are these conversions going to happen and in this case as I mentioned before we're not driving traffic to a website like a landing page page with a lead form we want what's called an instant form which means the ad if someone clicks on the ad it's going to open up to a form within Facebook's platform and I'm going to show you how to create that in this video so we want instant forms we do not want website we do want want we do not want Messenger um we are not doing an instant form and messenger again we just want to focus here on instant forms so we can just say add set example always name your ad campaigns your ads and your ad sets so that you know what's going on we will make sure that we have our correct Facebook page selected and then we can go down just select you know whatever budget you want to choose in this case I'll just say I'm going to choose $10 we want to choose an end date so let's just say we'll run it for a couple weeks typically when I set up campaigns I have them set for a month maybe two months initially that's just so that I can give it time to run to see how the the results are going and to see if everything is set up as I want it to be set um if I want to extend it longer I can always extend that once the campaign is already started but I I always said an end date and the reason is because I don't want um and I've done this for clients I don't I don't want a client to run an ad and then just think that it's you know not running anymore to forget about it and keep spending money you always have to be monitoring these things so I always set an end date and I continually um it encourages me to just check in on the ads on a regular basis so that I can see how they're performing and adjust as I need to so now we're just going to get into selecting a location so in this case I'm located in in Canada I'm actually in Toronto so I'm just going to focus this campaign on that one area I don't need to do very wide and we'll just go to the max area here this is just an example but all this targeting stuff um you know you you can do as you need to for your specific campaign the other thing that I typically always change is under placements I don't want to run it on everywhere I like to control this with certain clients and certain um you know business types I don't want Audience Network so I'm just going to toggle that off we're going to stick with Facebook and Instagram and then again you can come down here and you can look at the different placements for each of these and if something isn't appropriate for your business for the type of AD you're running just deselect it so um I was going to deselect messages I don't want anything there it's already deselected we don't have to worry about that search results I'm just going to take that off because if I'm doing uh an ad let's say for real estate search results isn't really important um however I would make sure that Mark Marketplace is which it is right there okay so let's get into the ad all right so now in this example I'm not going to go into a full demo creating the entire campaign I want to focus on those lead forms for you so if you are looking for a demo on how to create a lead form ad for Facebook or specifically if you want a real estate how to create a lead form ad to drive traffic for Real Estate leads I'd like you to comment below and just write lead form ad and I will send you a link um in the comments to a video that I've done with a full demo of how to create lead form ads how to set all the settings up so that you know how to get the best results with your lead forms again just comment below lead form ad in the comments and I will send that link to you let's get back to this demo where I'm just focusing specifically on those three types of lead forms that we can create here and I want to explain that let's go back right now all right so we are in at the adset level and as I mentioned we're just going to quickly skip all of this stuff so I can get down to the instant form this is the section where I'm talking about where you create a form that looks something like this there's three different examples all you have to do if you don't have a form created already or if you're doing this for a new type of AD and you want to customize things click create form a DI dialog box is going to open up first it's going to say that you're in a certain scenario so certain things are going to be a little bit different and just reminding you to focus on um specific information for that ad now this is exactly what I'm talking about the form type and I want to explain the difference between all of these so the first thing really important that you have to do before you continue anywhere else is write a name for your form so we're just going to say form type example more volume okay so in this case what we are we've got three options here more volume higher intent or Rich creative the descriptions are down here okay but I'm going to point out a little bit more detail for you so in a a more volume this is typically where I will start with for most of my clients more volume means that it's it's creating this form that is going to be really simple and easy in a short amount of time for someone to get from your ad to complete the form they're designing these so that there are fewer steps fewer Hoops that a user has to jump through so the good about this type of more volume form is that it is intended to get you more leads it is intended for for it to be easy for someone to complete the form um in a short amount of time the downside of this is that it can create more spam for you and the reason that can happen is because what will happen on the form is there are certain dialogues that a user can enter such as their name their email address their phone number and the form will initially autop populate that information for the user so if I were to see your ad click on the ad open up and it has a form with my information it's going to autop populate that now you're asking hey where is it getting this information from it's based on whatever you've entered into Facebook and a lot of times a problem comes in is that people have had Facebook accounts for many years they may have an old email address they may have an old phone number so when someone completes that form it's possible it's not always the case but it is possible that someone will whip through creating this form and it will cause them to not read what they're you know submitting they're just click click click click click doing it really fast so it doesn't force that user to check hey is this your correct name is this your correct phone number is this your correct email address um and and so on and so on so the caveat of this form type is that it may produce more spam typically I like to start with this form type for my clients it's the easiest way to get going it's the easiest way to start building up leads however if they tell me hey we're getting a lot of spam then I will change to a different type now I'm just going to continue on here and before we get to higher in 10 or Rich creative I just want to show you what the form looks like and we're going to do a simple form here so typically you have to have a headline so this is the headline text so let's let's just write something uh again assuming this is for a real estate client the headline could be um 123 Forest Hill Lane I would just write you know you you could write anything here it could be the name of the property it could be the name of your business it could be let's say you're you're doing leads for um your landscaper make your lawn pretty you know do whatever headline is going to capture someone's attention or whatever is I always recommend you choose a headline that is consistent with the point of or the goal of your ad so if you're promoting you know real estate make it about that real estate listing that you're promoting if you're promoting let's say HVAC um you know uh heating and air conditioning have it something to do with the ad so that it is consistent when someone clicks on that and then an opening paragraph and this will just say um um let's let's assume this is for a real estate listing so we'll say beautiful home just something simple as an example I'm just going to to um fill this in now again you could remove this greeting if you want just click that little remove greeting here we're going to click next and now we're into the part of the form that we can fill up now there are Advanced things you can do like conditional Lo uh logic in in terms of hey if if someone says this then they go to this question and you know you can Branch off I always like to keep things as simple as possible to make it as quick and easy for someone to complete the form the more complex your form it's possible that it could lead to less leads because people might get confused or they might you know if they're doing this on mobile and they're in a hurry they might get distracted and say oh you know what I'm not going to do this right now so I always like to make these um forms simple and easy you have to add a description at the top that's going to go right under here so let's just say something simple and easy just to introduce your form um again you can now add questions so you can click down here there's multiple choice there's short answers there's conditional appointment request we are not looking to add a question at the top so this if you did add a question that would appear on top of the user data so let's just you know go in and say hey we're going to do a multiple choice you'll see how that shows up first and then someone can get into it now so question is um are you looking for a house or condo and then the answer is House Condo Okay so we've got an example here now this again comes up first someone would click continue and then they would see the next part so you see how it says continue so again this is an extra step that a user has to do before they can get to fill in stuff so I'm just going to delete this because um I don't want to have this as part of this example but that's just to show you the types of things that you can add on the form you could do open text you can do conditional um the other thing that I do want to add in here though is I want more information so you've got these certain things that you can do so these are pre-filled um set up for you so you could add you know phone number you could add you know their first name last name if you wanted to do different you could add things like this I again always want to keep this as simple and easy as POS possible a name I will usually move name first email phone number simple as that three questions on this form that's it so now this is how the form will look we can click next and then we have to go into add our privacy policy link this is required so you need to have a privacy policy on your website if you don't have one should be pretty easy for you to set that up because you are collecting information about a user you do need to have this set up and I just did that a little incorrect so it'll tell you if there's an error like you saw that if if you type in something wrong it'll it'll tell you hey there's something wrong with this link and then if you do again have um certain guidelines you have to follow I know some real estate agents have to have certain disclaimers on any forms things like that Financial I've done a lot of work with financial planners mortgage brokers things like that um when you do have to add a custom disclaimer you can just enter that in and include the additional uh text and it'll appear in this part here so it's almost like that disclaimer um that goes with the ads if you need that you can include that and then you click next and then just this is what a user will see once they have submitted the form again you can direct them to your website after so I've added a link and then you could change it to um view website or in this case view listing details you know you can change whatever you want that button to read um you could you could add a phone number you could include a file for someone to download if you wanted to but in this case we're just going to um go to the website okay and that's it so that's that's the first lead type that we've set up you just click on create form and okay so we need a description so just a message that you have to include below the headline this is on the final page uh of the form so now we create the form and boom you will see that that form is now available form type example more volume so I can see a preview over here you can click continue and you'll see that this is exactly while you're creating your ad you can come in here and you'll see exactly how that ad looks as you're creating it and then they click submit all right now let's go into the second form type now I again I typically will start with high volume um I have had clients that say hey we're getting a lot of spam what can we do about it so in that case I will recreate a new ad campaign with a new form and I'll go to the higher intent and I'll explain what the difference is in that let's go back into screen sharing mode right now and I'll do the demo let's create a new form and we're going to chart call this one Higher intent form and then here we're going to choose higher intent all right now the difference here with the higher intent form type is that it's very similar to the more volume um you create a form in a very similar structure and I'm going to with through that in the example the difference is that before the form can be submitted by the user they have to swipe their finger across they have to review things so it it's one more step but it's causing the user to review the data that's about to be submitted it's almost like a dialogue coming up saying hey are you sure is this information correct so let's go back into the example and I'll show you the steps so that we can get this set up and again I find that this has worked really well with some of my clients um especially if they are getting spammed but even those that don't sometimes I will do this just because we want to make sure that the user has a chance to submit that accurate data okay so higher intent we're going to click next again uh the other option you have here is a background image so if I wanted to I could um include a background image from my ad which it's going to do so so I like to default to the image from the ad um because I want my ad to be consistent with the form that a user's seeing so we'll say image from the ad but you could upload your own as well and then here for a greeting we're just going to again write okay so again similar type of thing everything is similar at this point we're going to go to next again pre-filled answers we're just going to add in phone number here everything is very similar I'm not going to go through all the details I'm just going to whip through this fast going to click next add a link so this is the privacy policy again click next now you see how at the bottom here on this example we've got review your info personal info name email phone number if I had entered something in here it would show that details and then it says slide to submit so it this is that extra step that I'm talking about where a user um has to review things so the reason they call it a higher intent is because it's forcing a user to go through it to take that extra time to to read and review so it knows that this person has a higher intent to actually submit this form because they've reviewed their details and again you get back to this review screen and then you do your ending again thanks you're all set and create the form and now we've got our higher intent form and again we can go down here we see the image we see the intro get more details about this amazing home again you can add more information if you wanted to we've got our three information name phone number uh sorry name email phone number you could change the order if you wanted to and then we could click continue and then it goes to this review screen and again you have to slide to submit and once you do that it gives you the thank you so that again is the three steps for that type now the last form type is called Rich creative I'm going to go into that example now and it's basically a level up from all of these and it allows you to actually add a little bit more um interactivity to the form a little bit customization almost like a mini landing page per se so let's get into that demo right now and you can see the difference between High intent more volume and now Rich creative let's go back into screen sharing mode okay so the last type let's create a form again we're going to click continue we're going to click on Rich creative we'll name it and click on next now you can see there's a lot of difference here because we've got a lot more customization that we could do so we're going to add an image okay so I've uploaded an image of a home so now the color scheme that comes up here you might be asking Hey how come I can't edit this well what happens is if you click over here it says they're automatically detecting colors based on the image that you've uploaded these can't be edited but what they're trying to do is make a consistent look across um across the ad with the buttons and things like that to make it it uh look pretty so again we'll add a a headline let's just again assume that it's for property we're keeping everything consistent tell people what sets your business apart from with a a couple different sentences this is a beautiful home and an amazing area in North York and then we could add more including benefits so we could say um so again you can see how there's extra things that you can add in this type um so build your story so you could say you know do you want to tell people how something works you can change this again get started more about us how we're different highlights so let's do highlights as one so you can see how automatically we're able to create a form that shows more details rather than just a picture and and name and phone number okay now again you do have limitations on the characters the space that you can write here but you'll see that you can keep going here and I'm just making this stuff up on the spot but you'll see how you know you've got different highlights um Okay so we've added three three things here under our you know story so we've got highlights that we've included here we could do you know let's just see what other options there are products so so if we were selling something like a service courses programs we could include more details there so we don't want that one so this is just to give you an example of the different things you can do with this Rich creative um on this one social proof you could write review so you could show you know your accreditations in the news reviews you could let's let's say this was you know you want to testimonials about your um service you could even use this to show different rooms of the house as an example so you could add an image and then write you know like it just has details so similar how a carousel ad for Real Estate could work this is a great way to add that I'm just going to add two here as an example you know so you could add different things here just as different selling points on the house you could add more you know you could add more cards in here you could do a second one if you wanted so again it's just providing more details for somebody to see if we wanted to add incentives below and you see how these show up as uh different things so overview you can you know the user when they're looking at the form can get down and and click on all of these to see more details about the property so yes that that heading for reviews we can't change that but you could you know you could leave it and just it's fine or or you could you know do it for something else um incentives again you could you could add other information and it would show us the same same way there so this is just to show you an example of how you can add more details on that form um almost like a landing page so we can click on next and then then again we're here back in the same sort of um information that we saw before name we could do name email phone number this is all the same nothing much is different on this it's the same type of structure as the other forms and then we can click next so something here it didn't like on so you see how you see that little that means there's something that I didn't fill out that I was supposed to fill out and I think it is because I had this reviews and I need to add oh it wants me to have two cards that's why minimum of two Okay so we've entered in the little description everything else on the form is very similar to the other ones we entered in a privacy policy then we get to the end and again we can add everything as we've done before and that's basically it again you can go back and see what it's going to look like the first part with the intro and the rich creative being that you can add more detail allows us to continue continue continue create the form and now you'll see that the form looks different than the other ones it's got these tabs with the more more details on it and that's it for this video we've covered the three form Types on lead form ads in Facebook that are the more volume where it's a very simple form for you to create and very simple for someone to fill out quick and easy then there is the High intent form which adds an extra step so that a user can confirm all their data and then the rich creative which is basically just allowing you more control over the information presented on the form making it almost like a mini landing page so that you can add extra information to help encourage somebody that they really want your product your service or whatever it is that you're promoting and again if you're looking for full demos on how I create Facebook ads and Instagram ad campaigns for my clients I've got several demos below where I go step by step by step full settings of all my campaigns if you're looking for a video ad comment below say video ad if you're looking for examples for lead form ads click below and write lead form ads if you're looking for website traffic ads comment below website traffic I will be happy to share the links with you of my other YouTube videos here you could also check out my playlist if you liked this video I would love it if you could click like below and if you want to see more content from me be sure to subscribe and that helps you get notified the next time I create and publish a new video here on YouTube once again my name is L Brown from going social if you need any assistance with your Facebook ads please feel free to reach out to me my links for LinkedIn and for other social networks are in the comments below I would love to connect with you and again thanks for being part of this community and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaveC-fq4cq [1 likes]: Just what we are looking for in our business at the moment. Very clear explanations. Thanks!
  2. @BethV-i5e [1 likes]: Lead Form Ad for Real Estate
  3. @yourventuracountylife [1 likes]: With High Volume- once the lead ad is filled out, where is that info going/being captured??? How would I obtain that info?
  4. @yourventuracountylife [1 likes]: Lead Form Ad Please!
  5. @maxitaitus [1 likes]: Do you know how to create Lead Forms Ads where Meta automatically put the first question (multiple choise) on a second story? I mean, Meta creates like a carousel, your design it's the first story and second one the form where you can complete. I've seen this too many times but can't find the option. Thanks! Great Videos!
  6. @gabrielayaffe4573 [1 likes]: lead form ad
  7. @SohailAli-f6q [1 likes]: Lead form ad
  8. @HA-ol9ee [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing, really helpful information
  9. @NataliaHatfield-u2z [1 likes]: lead form ad
  10. @KeystyleMedia [1 likes]: lead form ad
  11. @KeystyleMedia [1 likes]: Im new here excited to learn
  12. @antoinetteswanepoel9799 [1 likes]: Facebook ad demos
  13. @shesellsscottsdale: Lead Form Ad
  14. @iamsaiel: lead form ad
  15. @healthymetabolic: Leads to WhatsApp group
  16. @allsolutions8325: Facebook ad demos. Why is it when I use a form for leads, I am not able to offer a shared link to Google Drive?
  17. @glove23: Facebook ad demo and Lead form Ad. Thank you and great material
  18. @GVA14_YT: Lead Form Ad
  19. @rpaariyarathna: Lead form Ad
  20. @antoinetteswanepoel9799: Lead form ad, please.

- How To Change Facebook Name Font Style: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's lindsey and welcome back to another video today i'm going to be showing you how to change your facebook name font style so the first place we're going to go is the app store once you're in the app store you're going to type in fonts up top and then you're going to download this fonts app right here and then we're going to go ahead and open it up now once you open it up it's going to ask you to allow access so once you allow access then we can go over to facebook once you're in facebook you're going to go to those three lines in the bottom right hand corner and then you're going to go down to where it says settings and privacy and you're going to choose settings from here you're going to click personal info and you're going to choose name the first option and this is where you change your name and your font so i'm going to go ahead and exit out these names and then on my keyboard i'm going to press that little world icon in the bottom left hand corner and as you can see up top you can scroll through different fonts i'm going to go ahead and choose this font right here outline and then i'm going to go ahead and type my name and then you press review change and save changes i hope this video helped you guys if it did please like and subscribe to this channel if you have any questions about this video please leave them in the comment section below thank you so much for watching bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @TrevorNace [9 likes]: Did this work for you? Yes? 😁 Give me a shoutout in the comments! No? 😥 Leave a comment with your issue and we'll figure it out together.
  2. @fernandaloureirod [3 likes]: It doesn't work, options don't even show up.
  3. @laurawilbur8258 [1 likes]: Didn’t work. Got as far as reviewing, but Facebook wouldn’t allow it
  4. @kyal3526 [1 likes]: it doesnt work, facebook : this name has certain characters that aren't allowed
  5. @AlverJade: 𝐍𝐨𝐭 𝐰𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠!
  6. @ecarpentry: Facebook does not allow you to change your profile name font anymore 2025 dont waste your time doing this...
  7. @aiyoosantha: Thanks❤
  8. @AdiLah-s5r: Mantap 👍 
Terimakasih tutorial nya
  9. @queen_belle_beauty7806: 𝓘𝓽 𝓭𝓸𝓮𝓼𝓷𝓽 𝔀𝓸𝓮𝓴 𝔀𝓱𝓪𝓽 𝓪 𝓬𝓻𝓸𝓬𝓴
  10. @ANTICAPITALIST_: FAKE
  11. @CatGirlyyy: Liar!
  12. @jitendar2006: 🅳🅸🅳 🅽🅾🆃 🅴🅾🆁🅺
  13. @dagoyjp9722: 𝕵𝖆𝖞𝖕𝖊𝖊 𝕴𝖆𝖓 𝕯𝖆𝖌𝖔𝖞
  14. @WinonaCharityKalpokas: Video yah Olsem Kir blo u nmo
  15. @BrendaHall-e9g: Is there a setting choice for cursive? I like cursive and prefer to use it. My guess is there is no setting for cursive because AI cannot read it. Would be greatful if you could elaborate on my question.
  16. @partion5th: ⚠️This only works on Iphone/Ios⚠️
It worked for my cousin but it doesnt for me. (Im android)
  17. @danielle_canale: Doesn’t work, Facebook won’t allow it
  18. @kingsmark39: There's is no option to select font😢
  19. @Chanel27196: It's says name too short, tf that means
  20. @jimmyd2855: I have a question on my group on Facebook. I would like to change the style of the name on my group. How do I do that?

- Ad  facebook style name change 💕: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys I on economic style um zombie place today and Facebook so Facebook foreign [Music] three.com idkd 3.com Ali setting and privacy settings setting is our a personal and account information middle name last name foreign

- How To Change Facebook Name Font Style | Change Facebook Font - Use Different Font On Facebook Name: Kind: captions Language: en How to change Facebook name font style. Open the Facebook app. In this guide, I'll show you how to change your Facebook name font style. Let's get started. Access menu and settings. First, open the Facebook app on your device. Enter Account Center. Tap the menu icon in the top right corner. Scroll down to the bottom of the screen. Select name option. Choose settings and privacy. Then tap settings. Delete current name. Next, tap on account center and then select your profile at the top. Search for font generator. Choose your Facebook account. Then tap on the name option. Here you can delete your current name. Choose a font style. Exit the Facebook app. Open a browser and search for Facebook acceptable stylish name generator. Copy and paste font. Pick a font style you like from the results. Copy it. Save. changes. Go back to Facebook. Paste the stylish font into your name field and repeat the same for the last name if you want. Once finished, save the changes. Conclusion. That's it. Your Facebook name now has a stylish font.

- How To Change Font Style In Facebook Messenger | Tired of Boring Messenger Fonts? Do This!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back to DelftStack. In today's video, we'll show you how to change your font style in Facebook Messenger. So it's a very simple process. So without wasting any more time, let's jump right in. Now, in order to change the font, you'll have to change the font for your entire phone. You cannot change the font specifically in Facebook Messenger, and I'll show you exactly how to do that. Just go back to your home screen, then go to your settings. Now look for display. Now scroll down and look for font. In the font section, you should be able to see a bunch of fonts, as you can see right over here. Now choose the font that you like, and after that, if it is free, just simply install the font and click on apply, and then reboot your device. And after the reboot, the font will be applied to your messenger and your entire phone as well. So that's it. Now you know exactly how to change your font style in Facebook Messenger. I hope you found this guide helpful. If you did, please give this video a thumbs up, share it with your friends, and subscribe to the channel for more helpful videos. So thank you for watching and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lorenz-d9l: Fake!

- Top Facebook Ads Mistakes You're Making and How to Fix Them: Kind: captions Language: en-US If your Facebook ads are flopping like a fish out of water, you're missing out... Let’s dive into the best formats to reel in success! Let's talk about the top three Facebook ad formats that can elevate your marketing game. First up, Video Ads. These gems are gold when it comes to engagement. With eye-catching visuals and dynamic storytelling, video ads can captivate your audience in a flash. Next, we have Carousel Ads. Perfect for showcasing multiple products or features in a single ad. Imagine giving your audience a mini-tour of your best offerings &lrm; all without them leaving their feed. Lastly, Lead Ads. These are brilliant for capturing leads directly on Facebook. No redirects, no hassle &lrm; just seamless lead generation. So, how do you choose the right format? Align your ad type with your business goals. Want brand awareness? Go for Video Ads. Need to drive traffic? Carousel Ads are your friend. Capturing leads? Lead Ads are your go-to. Ready to transform your Facebook ads? Experiment with these formats and optimize your strategy for stellar results. Remember, the right ad format can make all the difference. Happy advertising!

- 4 Facebook Ad FORMATS You Have To Try: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys it's ben heath from lead guru and in this video i'm going to show you four facebook ad formats that you have to try now whenever you create a new facebook ad campaign or perhaps you're trying to improve facebook advertising performance i would strongly recommend that you test different ad formats there's a couple of main reasons for that the first is that different industries see the best results with different ad formats it's not as simple as saying this format works the best yes it does sometimes but there are other times other businesses other products and services that you're advertising where you want a different format so testing ad formats really helps you work that out which is very important but also different people within your target market are more likely to respond to certain ad formats you know some people might really respond to video whereas others might really respond to carousel so very very important the early days of facebook ad campaign to test different ad form that's something we always do with our new clients that's what i'm gonna discuss and show you how to do that and really highlight some of the important things to note when it comes to these various ad formats in this video before i get into that just want to very quickly ask for you to smash a like on this video click the thumbs up click the like button that really really helps me out that'd be much appreciated and of course subscribe to my youtube channel if you are new and haven't already done so i release facebook advertising related content multiple times per week if that's something you're interested in go ahead and subscribe right now that you've done that now that you've uh um taken care of those tasks and i thank you very much for that let's get into the uh the meat of this video right so i've set up this little example ad campaign here and i've got an example adsense now i'm not going to cover um campaign structure in this video i've got another video that i'll include a link in the video description too that talks all about campaign structure things like that here i very much want to talk about ads now what you can see here and i'll discuss the four facebook ad formats i'm going to talk about we've got them named here is we've got a i'll go up in reverse order we've got an image ad we've got a video ad we've got a carousel ad and we've got a slide show ad so those are four ad formats that we use the vast majority of the time um in certain scenarios all four can produce fantastic results they can perform very very well and i think that a lot of these are underutilized by facebook advertisers so image ads everyone's very familiar with and they're the easiest and quickest to set up it's what most facebook advertisers use so you know that you know what they are you know how they work etc etc doesn't mean they don't produce fantastic results they really can video ads often talked about as just the absolute best performing ad format that should always be used yes video ads can be fantastic but that's not always the case i'll explain more in a minute carousel ads i think look really cool can deliver fantastic results particularly for certain types of businesses and then slideshow ads are very very much underused underappreciated we use them as a facebook ads agency all the time and they can really help bridge the cap between like a boring image ad and a video ad that's perhaps a bit too involved for your prospects and so we use slideshow ads very very often i'm going to get into that in a minute before i get into each individual ad format and explain you know what you really need to to focus on i just want to demonstrate why we've got these four in here right so we've got our campaign set up we've got our ad set and we've got four different ads when we launch a new facebook ad campaign we will often test these four different ad formats to see which delivers the best results before we start testing things like headlines primary text other variables because you could see an enormous difference for example between a video ad an image ad or a carousel ad in a video ad a huge huge difference in performance as i said some industries will produ perform absolutely best with image ads some with video some with slideshow therefore it's very important to test this to work out at the beginning oh okay we've run the campaign and you know what the video ad produced results that were three four times better than any other ads maybe then going forward we should base our advertising around video we should get more videos created we should leave that one running turn the other ones off it really helps inform your optimization process and how you adjust things and all that sort of stuff okay very very important right with that said let's get into these and let's just go through them and really highlight some of the important points about these different ad formats so image as i said are very very simple you just got this format section you can go and select single image then you can add media you can click add image there are various different options when it comes to adding an image ad so you can have in ad account images that you've added previously you can use any images from your facebook page from your instagram profile or even stock images right so when um facebook many years ago teamed up with shutterstock and you can use any of shutterstock's images for free in your facebook ads a fantastic feature and tool and you may want to take advantage of when it comes to running image ads just because of how quick and easy it is right if you don't have images of your products or services things like that yourselves maybe you can use some stock images so when do you want to use image ads when do image ads perform really really well it tends to be when the ask the next step that you want your prospects to take is fairly small so impulse products is a great example with image ads if a product is let's say under 50 maybe even under 100 image ads can often be the best performing ad format and that's because it's something where let's say someone's scrolling through their facebook feed their instagram feed your ad pops up it's an image ad your prospect can take a look at that ad and know instantly this what it's about and they can make a decision very quickly is this something i'm interested in yes let's check it out is this something i'm not interested in no move on whereas if you have more involved ad formats perhaps carousels videos things like that people can't find out as quickly so you have a greater drop-off okay and that drop-off is disadvantageous if what you're offering is actually something that's very easy for people to purchase if you're advertising something a lot more involved a very expensive service a more expensive product then yes you need more information to be delivered in the ad format and image ad tends to not perform as well in those scenarios so absolutely test image ads for most campaigns anyway but in particular we find image ads perform the best when we're advertising fairly impulse products or um the start to a service provider's sales funnel that's fairly low risk so something like if you're advertising a free consultation for a service based business you can absolutely use an image ad for that a free quote um something along those lines when we're running a lead magnet campaign we'll often use image ads those sorts of things top tip with image ads is to try and overlay some text or something that really helps to stand out and differentiates it from just a boring stock photo so we have graphic designers in-house but before they i don't even know what sort of softwares they use now but before we had the the availability to have graphic designers that work with us um full-time we would focus very much on canva and our account managers who had not always trained graphic designers would be able to very simply and quickly and easily add some text overlay that highlights perhaps the most important benefit associated with the product or service over an image it just really makes a big difference so canva.com is a fantastic free graphic design tool i'd recommend you try and add some stuff into images to really help them pop and help them produce better results right that's the image and the important things of the image app let's get into video ads so adding in the video ad very simple process go with the same option and then go in and add your media when do we find video ad produce the best results it's basically going to be the opposite of the logic for an image ad so a video ad is the most involved facebook ad format right and with a video you're able to provide a lot more information go a lot deeper and that can be really really important if you're advertising a higher value um a more expensive product you know anything over a hundred dollars particularly anything over a thousand dollars a video is likely to really help if it's a product or service that your target market isn't very familiar with perhaps it's new and innovative something they haven't seen before then a video can work really well because you've got this added space this added real estate to explain how it works and the benefits associated with it so with those sorts of products and services video tends to perform best video doesn't tend to do as well when as i said the ask is really simple image has performed well and the reason why is because let's say you've got a even if it's a 30 second video a short video a lot more people are going to drop off and not make it to the end of the 30 second video then they're just going to glance at an image ad right so in effect far lower percentage of people are going to make it to the part where they can actually see what to do about your product or service versus an image ad or something else now that seems like a downside and it is but if you're advertising a 30 000 new kitchen fit out or you're advertising a i don't know a 2 television then that is absolutely worth it yes you're going to have a lot more drop up drop off um and far fewer people are going to see your offer but the people who do see your offer at the end of your video those people are going to be far more warmed up they're going to have far more reasons to investigate further and to buy instead of you just having a boring image and saying you know buy this 40 000 kitchen fit out service or something along those lines okay so where the ask is involved video tends to perform porn best but as i said i would always look to be testing um let me minimize that i would always different ad formats even with everything that i'm discussing in here carousels let's go and have a look at carousel see with the carousel when you come down into the ad level here you need to scroll down instead of single image or video you need to go ahead and click carousel it brings up a completely different ad format if you haven't played around with carousels before i'd recommend you do where basically you've got different cards okay so you can see that each one over here is going to form a card as you add in the information you can go through and add in more information when do carousels work really well there's basically two scenarios in which carousels work really well the first is if you want to advertise a range of products or even a range of services but it's most likely going to be used with products so let's say you know that you have you know let's say you're um you sell shoes for example perfect example right and you know that some of your target market are going to be really interested in a certain pair of shoes you offer other people are going to be interested in other pairs of shoes that you offer well with a carousel ad you could set up five six different cards each that focuses on a different product and by people being able to see the different cards very quickly and easily can scroll with a carousel i'm not going to go and create one now that's not really what this video is about i've got other videos that explain all of that and you're probably familiar with carousels anyway i'm focusing on the the things to watch out for the benefits when to use them etc in this video um but people can basically see and access a range of different products and that can be very very important because instead of having to pay to advertise to someone four times to advertise four different products you could do it once with one carousel and only pay the one time so when you're advertising a range of products we really really like carousel so for a lot of e-commerce businesses um and even service-based businesses that have a perhaps lower value services but they have like a suite of service options carousels can work really well the other option with carousel is that you've probably seen an example of this and they look really really cool it's where you basically tell a story across let's say five different cards so you might only be advertising one product or service but perhaps each card emphasizes a benefit of that all the images work nicely together there are lots of different examples of this i strongly recommend you test those out we've done a lot of experimentation with those and they're very much hit or miss they're a little bit gimmicky but they can either really work and really land and produce great results or they kind of don't really do what you're expecting in which case you know you might want to use a more traditional carousel set up where you've got a card per product but that's tend to be where we use um carousel so you can see that often we may have images and carousels running alongside each other okay there's a perfect example of of how that might be structured for an e-commerce for example okay let's have a look at the slideshow as i said probably the most under-appreciated ad format on facebook for something we do really really well so what i really like about slideshow ads is they effectively bridge the gap between image and video so let's say you know you're running your facebook ad campaigns you're thinking how on earth do i produce video content for my product service that just doesn't really make sense well one way you can kind of get there is with a slideshow so if i just quickly you can see and by the way to use slideshows i had loads of questions about this you've got single image or video but actually it says here or a slideshow with multiple images so you can actually just go with um slideshow in in there as an option and then what you can do is you can scroll down and you can see you've got create video create slideshow you can click on create slideshow and the way basically facebook thinks about this is they think about slideshow as a video format but it's very different now you can see an example on the right hand side here um and i'll make sure i scroll down so i'm not in the way too much but you can see they've got all these different formats and this really does cross the gap between an image and a video so here they're advertising multiple different products they've got the movement the animation that really helps you attract someone's attention you know as they're scrolling through their facebook or instagram feed if you can have something that grabs their attention because there's movement you know our eyes are naturally drawn to movement this is a you know evolutionary process for us to be able to do that and that's going to help grab their attention they're going to check out your ad and they're far more likely to convert or take the action that you want them to take and these are also very very simple to set up you don't have to you know hire a videographer or come up with some sort of complex video structure or set up a studio or anything like that do a slideshow if you just have a range of images you can produce really nice slideshows you can see if i click across different options there are all these different presets that you can use click on another one somehow text come up so it really bridges that gap nicely so it's probably one of the reasons why we often will run slideshow ads and we find great results for them is because for those businesses where image ads produce a really good results we will definitely test slide shows but also for those businesses where video ads produce best really great results we will also test slide shows because they're kind of somewhere between the two so again you can use for basically all scenarios if you're advertising a product range if you are advertising a single product or service and need to explain a bit more like you would with a video if it's an impulse product or service you can keep a very nice slideshow you know this one's just six seconds there are some um that are even shorter than that i believe or maybe the presets are or six seconds long yeah they are about six seconds but you know it's not very long at all it's nothing like um you know a video that maybe 30 seconds is a big big difference between those two and what you'll also see on the right hand side with some of these let me try and find a good one to highlight this with um is what you get with other ad formats videos images and things like that is that facebook very much restricts how much text you could have on your images and on your work on your ad creative with slideshows you could actually get away with a lot more i mean look at this as an example here you've got a logo up there you've got a headline here and you've got a call to action down there and what that means is that you can get more text onto your image and that's important because i love to put text on images slideshows videos to help highlight the benefits associated with the product or so let's say you have the you know the most up-to-date product in your industry it has these excellent features well i would definitely be wanting to highlight that in a few short succinct words as text overlay on an image well facebook's going to really cap that if you use other formats but actually you can get away with a lot more text when you use some of these slideshow presets in some of these formats so i'd very much recommend you come in here and have a good play with these slideshows they produce better results you think i still see very few of them to be perfectly honest i don't see them that often when i'm sort of checking out ads and things like that but they're the perfect blend in my opinion between easy to create alongside the along with images a bit more difficult but still fairly easy nowhere near as difficult as videos but they also have the movement they have the interest they have the the added something that helps grab your audience's attention that comes along with video okay so definitely definitely try facebook slideshow as i said we will try them with nearly all formats and then of course once you've run your facebook ad campaign with let's say four different formats you may find that some formats just don't work in your industry okay in which case pause them but the ideal scenario is that you actually have a range of formats going live at any one time as i said at the beginning different people respond to different ad creative so it could be that 20 of your target market are video ad people and they really like to convert based on videos it could be that another 20 are far more likely to engage with an image ad so by having multiple ad formats running alongside each other that can help improve your performance and i've got other videos talking about description about that effect specifically very very important but yeah so start with a lot of different ad formats definitely test them if you've been running facebook ads for a while and you've just been using image ads absolutely tesla formats that could be a huge huge win for your progress for your facebook advertising and all that sort of stuff and um yeah if you see that one format just crushes the others well by all means focus on that ad format if you find that different formats produce um different results or or sorry if you find that different formats produce similar results fantastic keep those formats running okay hopefully that's been useful before you go a couple of things i want to quickly mention a couple of three things i think you'd be very interested in the first thing is my it's a free webinar that i've created called three killer facebook advertising strategies to double or more your revenue now this webinar really focuses on facebook advertising strategy and sales funnels because that is one of the absolute most important things that you you need to get right when you're advertising on facebook and instagram if you try and use the same strategy to advertise a 50 service as a 25 product either both of them gonna be wrong or one of them is gonna be wrong you absolutely need a different approach to advertise to those two different things they're just completely different things and i think far too many people with facebook advertising use a one size fits all approach doesn't work if you've like learned from someone that only knows how to sell their own services or their course or something like that that advice might be bad it could well be bad i see this happen all the time so i wanted to create a free resource where people could go in and they can go right i'm an ecommerce business i should be focusing on this strategy and this strategy or i'm a service provider or i'm a consultant or i'm a coach i should be focusing on this strategy or this strategy i'm a digital business an app i sell courses whatever and that's what this webinar covers so completely free it's about 6-70 minutes long a link will be in the video description below go ahead and click on that and check that out i think we've had over 5000 people go through this webinar already the feedback's been fantastic i get emails basically daily people saying it's really really um helpful very much worth watching so go ahead and check that out as i said completely free to use oh and by the way i break down these salesman did you say what they are like i fully show you exactly the steps and all that sort of stuff so that's the first thing the second thing is my facebook ads mastermind group so as of the recording on this video we'll be published a little bit later but as of recording this video we are just shy of 40 000 members in my facebook ads mastermind group which is just uh absolutely fantastic it's an amazing community full of facebook advertisers that want to get better results from their facebook and instagram campaigns are just like you do so there are literally hundreds of questions answered um and asked obviously every single day loads of people in there that are very happy to help you out ask you'll answer your questions including myself i do free live trainings in the group every single um wednesday so if that sounds like something that you want to be part of completely free to join go ahead and click on the link in the video description below right at the bottom that will take you through to my facebook ads mastermind group go ahead and join and who knows you could be the 40 000th member which is an awesome achievement actually makes it one of the biggest facebook advertising facebook groups in the world i think we're about top five something like that which is absolutely uh fantastic so go ahead and join and we'd love to have you in there if this video has been useful please give it a like give it a thumbs up that'd be much appreciated don't forget to subscribe to my youtube channel if you are new and haven't done so already as i said i release facebook advertising related content like this all the time and all the content i produce is based on the stuff that we learn and we test as a facebook ads agency where we are spending literally millions and millions of dollars on facebook across dozens maybe even hundreds of yeah probably hundreds of different campaigns at this point um in all industries you can imagine so it's very much topical very much up to date and um and very much based on real world data you know anyway comment below if you've got any questions thumbs up with the video i'll let you get on best of luck your facebook ad campaigns and i'll talk to you soon bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [2 likes]: Thanks for watching guys! Let me know what you think in the comments :)
  2. @RainbowMaze: Hi Ben, thanks for the video. Would like to ask for your advice. I realised that my 4 ads in my adset auto run with different budget. May I know how do you assess which ad format is performing better? Since one ad gets more budget than the other. Is it through the CPC?
  3. @wheinemail: Another fantastic video, Ben. Do Slideshow and Carousel ads auto play on people’s Facebook feeds? Or is it that the lead slide must be compelling enough for them to trigger it to play?
  4. @jameslewis2206: Great Video, Thank You! I have come across some carousel ads that have many more than the regulation 10 slides? Any idea how this is achieved? Many Thanks!
  5. @160rav: Catching up unread mails - great content as always. If I follow this do I still tick Dynamic Creative/Formats? For eComm, is this in addition to Catalog/Collections ads?
  6. @AaronTrainerFit: If your budget is something like just $100/week, or $200/mo...is it a BAD idea to test 3-4 formats since there isn’t enough budget to go around for a proper test? Or will FB figure that out?
  7. @authenticanddirect: I like your videos and the style of your teaching.
  8. @jennafox7990: i like the glasses look better my friend
  9. @SamStrydes: Can you please do a video on instant experience?
  10. @Andrei-RR-x7v: Great content, thanks.
  11. @shivamsoni1098: Hi Ben , I loved your video. I have an e-commerce site for jewellery ( high end ) I am trying to direct the traffic to my site could you help me how to do it ?
  12. @ItzJackAttack: Hi there, I have a video with about 60,000 impressions, 20k views, 5000 video views at 50% watch etc etc, I have started a lookalike audience campaign, followed your video on how to set them up properly so that’s not the issue, but Facebook isn’t spending any of my money why is this? I could understand if I’d have spent $50 on a campaign but I’ve nearly put $600 into this specific campaign that I’m basing the lookalike audience from! Please help😩
  13. @nguyenminhphuc2333: add: Canvas (Collection)
  14. @weasel182: Hi Ben, great video, I can’t wait to give these a try! I have a question though and I’m sorry for crashing this video with it - my ad account got restricted over a mistake I made - I appealed against the decision on Friday, it’s now Tuesday and I haven’t heard anything yet - I need my ad account as I’m a digital marketer - I don’t have the live chat function which is annoying - any ideas on anything I can do? Thank you!
  15. @mindoffrancisco: Hello Ben,

Love the vids, always watch you for tips and tricks!

I would like to ask a question regarding campaigns in Facebook. There a few different schools of thought when it comes to how many campaigns you should have.

The First School of Thought (The One Which I Use)
 - Keep all of your adsets under one main Campaign with a conversion objective
 - Another campaign for retargeting
 - Any further Campaigns are for CBO's

The Second School of Though
 - Separate campaigns based on certain groups of countries 
- Same
- Same

The prominent Facebook ads speaker Peng Joon, in his tutorials, has what looks like many campaigns with only one adset in each. If you could please explain to me why this seems to be the case, as well as the particular benefits of each School of Thought, I feel that you would be providing real value that others simply don't think of.

I have noticed that when I create a new campaign, because a previous campaign suddenly has ad fatigue, with the same creative as the previous campaign, the ad fatigue seems to magically go away. Of course this could be because of a million different reasons, but it's something that I wanted to bring up.

Thanks so much!
  16. @adeyemiwaleconcept4328: I had issues with my FB Ad for some days now.... This tutorial has helped me fix it.

Thanks Ben... You are indeed a GURU.
  17. @kymyeo3157: Hi Ben, tks for connecting the dots in all aspects of the FB ads, have a great weekend!
  18. @coachfaiz: Interesting, it seems like sideshow ads are an upgrade to image ads
  19. @besjanjashari5472: Nice video, i want to make ads just for insta story but with this new update I can’t,  it has any way?
  20. @alparslanakkurt1894: Thanks Ben, Great video. You helped me a lot :)

- Transform BAD REVIEWS into a winning Facebook ads (3 underrated AD TEMPLATES): Kind: captions Language: en Negative comments on your ads, bad reviews, do not ignore them. They could be your biggest asset. [music] In this video, I am going to show you the very simple formula to turn your worst reviews [music] into winning ads. Plus, I'm going to share a few controversial examples from billiondoll [music] brands. And at the end of this video, I'm going to give you three ad templates that you can straight up steal from me. Hey, I'm Tiana. I'm a creative strategist with roots in traditional copywriting and I help [music] DTC brands find more winning ads on Meta more often with copy first creatives that convert. And in this video, I'm going to show you how to transform [music] negative reviews and your prospect's biggest objections [music] into multiple winning ads. First, I'm going to show you famous examples of ads that use this exact strategy [music] to turn controversy into millions of dollars in revenue. Then, I'm going to share my simple three-step formula for turning a bad review into [music] a winning ad. And finally, I'm going to give you three plug-and-play templates that you can use this week [music] to do the exact same thing. So, let's dive in. Bad reviews can sting, [music] but what if they're actually your biggest asset? Because after all, there is a huge silver lining. Your audience just expose [music] their biggest objection on a silver platter. And very often, those hidden objections are actually the only thing that's [music] stopping thousands of people from hitting the buy now button on your sales page. So instead of hiding those bad reviews or looking the other way, address them head [music] on and use your ad copy to knock those objections out so that you can clear that path for all of those prospects who are kind of sitting on the [music] fence right now, just like Volkswagen did in 1959 with this ad campaign. At the time, the big objection to the Beetle was that it was tiny and it looked funny. In [music] fact, they were getting a lot of bad reviews right out of the gate. But instead of trying to hide that, Volkswagen turned that objection into a unique selling point. This ad reads, "Think small," and it visually accentuates [music] just how tiny this car really is. And then they launched this ad with [music] this headline. And if you run out of gas, it's easy to push. The real secret to what made these [music] ads work is that they leaned into those objections. That they were honest and they saw this as an opportunity for the company to be transparent [music] and real with their audience and they totally won them over by creating that trust and having an [music] actual personality. Here's another example. In 2018, there was a chicken shortage in the UK, which was a pretty big problem for KFC. But instead of shying away from that crisis, they embraced it with this kind of controversial ad. Not only did they take the negative press and spin it into a stop you in your tracks copy, they used humor and personality to win over their audience and gain trust. Let's look at one last example. Camel cigarettes. Now, I'm not saying that this was right of them to do, but it's a great example of turning even [music] the worst subjections into winners. So, in the early 1950s, research about the health risks of smoking cigarettes was finally being seen by the public and cigarette sales were taking a hit. But Camel was [music] not willing to go down without a fight. So, they launched a series of ads like this. A frank statement to cigarette smokers and they [music] used copy to knock out the objections by undermining the research. Look at this lead. Recent reports on experiments with mice have given [music] wide publicity to a theory that cigarette smoking is in some way linked with lung cancer [music] in human beings. Now, that's bold. But instead of ignoring the bad press, they highlighted [music] it and they completely wiped it out. If you want to get super nerdy with me here, this is called inoculation theory and it's where you expose your audience to [music] a weak counterargument and then you refute it so that you strengthen your [music] position. Here's another ad from the same company. More [music] doctors smoke camels than any other cigarette. Here they took a huge [music] objection, flipped it on its head, and transformed it into a winning ad. Now, let me be super clear here. Um, [music] I do not condone this particular campaign. I'm simply pointing out that copy is incredibly powerful [music] and that you can use it to easily turn really negative reviews or bad press into pure gold. if you understand the simple copy formula for doing that. So, here it is. This is a three-step process that you [music] can use to turn a bad review, negative comment, bad press into a winning creative. Step one, identify [music] the objection. Step two, transform it into a core message. Step three, choose an ad style that best [music] supports that core message. Let's tackle a real example together. Now, I love this company, Lamenetic. They [music] sell press on magnetic nails that you can use at home. And the other day, I spotted [music] this negative comment on one of their ads. Pressons are so sharp, though. If this was made as thick as acrylic and gel, I would definitely try [music] it. So, instead of ignoring a negative comment like [music] that, let's turn it into an ad together. You ready? Step number one, we got to identify the [music] objection. It helps to fill in this blank. I will not buy product because objection. Now if we look closely at this negative [music] comment that we have, there are actually two totally separate objections that can be addressed here. Objection one, they are too [music] sharp and objection two, they are not strong enough. So I actually have two [music] angles to choose from thanks to one negative comment. But for the sake of this video, let's go with objection number two and fill in the rest of our formula. I will not buy glamtic pressons because they are not strong enough. Okay, now we are crystal [music] clear on the objection. We can move on to step number two. Transform this objection [music] into a core message. If you have not watched my previous video about how to come up with [music] your core message for your ads. I highly recommend that you add that one to your watch list because it is absolutely critical to your [music] process. Essentially, it comes down to filling in a couple of blanks in this worksheet. The pain point in this [music] case, our objection and the desire, your core message is right here. This little bridge between those two states. So, let's apply that here. The pain point is our objection. [music] Press on nails are not strong enough. The desire is press on nails that are as strong as acrylic or gel nails. So, my core message is that bridge. [music] These press on are as thick and strong as acrylic and gel nails. [music] Okay, so now the only thing I have to do, step number three, choose an ad style [music] that best supports that core message. Now, I will admit I have a secret weapon for this that makes it really easy for me and my students. Giant swipe file, thousands of winning ads in there, all organized by style. So, I [music] can scroll through this catalog, choose one that best supports my core message. So, for example, I could write a simple headline plus product feature ad with a headline that reads two times stronger than acrylic nails, half the cost. Or I could do a comparison style ad that compares [music] magnetic pressons versus acrylics versus gel. Or I could even do a UGC style video hook that says, "Which is stronger, gel nails or [music] Glametics pressons?" And then show a split screen comparing gel nails versus Glametic, opening car doors, typing, lifting at the gym, kind of like a stress [music] test demonstration style ad. So the key here is that once you transform an objection into a clear core [music] message, you can apply it to many many different ad styles and open up a world of possibilities [music] in terms of ad creatives and variations. Now so file I just showed you that's exclusive for copy for students. [music] So you can only access that if you are inside of the program. But since you have watched this far, I [music] am going to give you three easy templates that are perfect for this negative review strategy. Template number one, negative review review. Simply show a screenshot of the negative review and have a founder, team member, or [music] expert review it back. This addresses those objections head-on, and it has the added benefit of demonstrating that transparency and showing personality and ultimately building that trust with your audience. Template number two, [music] demonstration ad. In these ads, the self-tanner quick flick addresses their biggest objection headon. [music] Fake tans stain my stuff. Okay? By using demonstration to prove that that objection [music] is just wrong. They show me right in front of my eyes how their tanner will never stain my sheets [music] or my clothes or my toilet seat. Template number three is a direct call [music] out here. True classic took an objection. Lululemon pants are superior. Okay. And identified a [music] new core message that flipped that objection on its head. True classic pants are just as [music] good as Lululemon, but they're more affordable. And they use this very simple headline approach to directly address the objection. [music] Like Lulu, but half the price. And then to really drive that message home, [music] they show a picture of the product that proves how stretchy and comfortable the pants [music] are, just like Lululemons. Similarly, Pepper Bras use the [music] same template to address their biggest objection with a simple, straightforward headline [music] call out. won't fall down ever, plus a picture of the product. The core message in this ad is pretty simple. Yes, it's a strapless bra, but no, it will not [music] fall down. Now, you can easily use any of these templates this week, but here is the big secret to making these your top performers. You [music] need this catalog of ad styles that you can easily pull from to transform any negative review into multiple ad variations that you can test. So that's why I created this massive [music] style file of winning ads as a bonus for being part of the copy first creatives master class. So if you are serious about transforming your career [music] and becoming an ad copywriter or a creative strategist and you're just done with wasting your time and [music] you want a clear accelerated road map, you can apply for a seat in that master class at the link below. But in the meantime, please make [music] sure that you hit the like button here and the subscribe button here and you join the Copy First newsletter for free at the link below to receive weekly tips and ad breakdowns [music] and strategies straight to your inbox. Now, as always, if there is a specific topic you want me to cover in the next videos, you can just drop me a comment here and I will add it to the list. And until then, I will [music] see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Simply90mins [1 likes]: Hey Tiana, your storytelling’s strong, and I personally have been helped a lot by you. But, I strongly believe I can elevate your videos with my high-quality editing so you just focus on shooting. So, if interested,  where would you like me to send my work?
  2. @Moeeunscripted [1 likes]: Thanks for this valueable information
  3. @divyv20: Hey Tiana, really nice video! I can see that you and your content have lots of potential and you can really kill with it but there are few things i noticed if fixed can fastrack the growth immediately. Most creators focus only on fancy edits and good-looking thumbnails, but the real growth comes from the right content ideas, angle selection, scripting flow, and thumbnails that actually resonate with a larger pool of viewers. When all of that aligns, people click instantly and watch your videos fully which is what triggers fast channel growth. You can see many who get great results and growth within first few months or weeks of starting not because they were lucky but because of following the right strategies. If you want, I can share how we can apply this into your channel and videos?
  4. @saidsbaihi1118: Thank you for sharing.👏👏👏

- Top 8 Mistakes Most Photographers Make When Using Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en are you a photographer who has tried running Facebook ads and been frustrated with the results my name is Barb Davids and I'm with compass digital strategies I help photographers who are struggling to grow their business to the next phase so that they have more money and freedom and today I'm with Easton Reynolds the founder of the art of six figures and he's going to share with us the top eight mistakes that photographers make when running Facebook ads he's going to share some tips for us to help improve ad campaigns and Achieve better results so thanks for joining me today Easton yes thanks for having me I'm excited yeah this will be good um why don't we just start with a little bit of background you can give every everyone your your introduction how you got started and uh the little short story sure yeah so I've been a photographer wedding photographer primarily for about 13 14 years now um and just like many of you I was out there you know grinding trying to find clients and I was like there's got to be an easier way um and so I actually started testing out Facebook ads with the education space when I was releasing courses for lighting and things like that and I had no idea what I was doing I actually launched an ad for uh a beginner's lighting course with with no funnel no email sequences no nothing I had no idea what I was doing I put the ad up and I actually forgot about it three months later my accountant called me and he goes um so I have good and bad news I'm like I hate these calls because um you've been you spent 4 500 in the last three months on Facebook ads and I was like I did oh no I forgot about that ad like crap he's like but the good news is you made twenty six thousand dollars from from Those ads and I went wait a second if I could spend 4 500 a day and make twenty six thousand dollars I'd do that all day long right like so at that point I was like okay I gotta dive in and like learn more about this so I spent the last or the next like two and a half three years just learning from everybody that I could outside of the photography industry I found that the photography industry when you want to get marketing help uh there's not a lot of really solid information it's a lot of people saying um I did this and it worked for me so it should work for you hopefully and pay me 500 for it right um it's just ridiculous and so I quickly realized that the industry didn't have much to offer I went outside the industry and I paid some coaches like one of them was thirty six thousand dollars one of them was twenty four thousand dollars and I just started diving in to learn the infrastructure of what we call Direct response marketing that's essentially what using paid ads is we're asking for the direct response from the client or from the potential client right and so I took all that information and knowledge and I and I uh you know actually built a system I filmed another course called reception lighting 101 and um I launched that on Facebook ads and I think we spent 15 000 in ad spend and made a hundred thousand dollars in six months and I was like all right so if this works for selling courses it's got to also work for selling services and and photography and I was like this will be an easy transition well that was really wrong um it's very different from selling courses online to selling a service and getting somebody to trust you enough to come into your studio and have that entire uh experience with you so then it took me another three years to actually solidify that system and now that's primarily what I do is teach Facebook ads I have a course that I sell on how to utilize Facebook ads for photographers and then if you're a Boudoir photographer I have a one-on-one eight-week program that most people average seventy to eighty thousand dollars um a revenue gained when they go through okay so that's kind of where I'm at now yeah that's fantastic that's a great story thanks yeah that's also funny that uh just how that came up with your accountant and uh interesting at least it was on the good side that's really great you could have been a really bad story yeah yeah exactly yeah but I did have to spend about you know twenty one thousand dollars to of testing ads to get to the point where I finally figured it out so you know there was a lot of time a lot of energy and a lot of money spent to try to get to the point where I mean it's just like anything else right like if you want to be good at something you got to invest your time and your energy and your money right yeah that makes sense all right well let's take some of that knowledge and share it with the photographers that we have with us um let's see here we will share your screen now you can just jump right in there you go awesome well first of all for those of you that are watching right now I just want to know have you ever used Facebook ads before and if you have has it been successful or did you feel like you wasted money so let me know in the comments and we'll keep an eye on those as we get started here so so many people uh try Facebook ads one time and it doesn't work and they give up and it doesn't make any sense to me right and so I see it all the time in Facebook groups people are like how are you finding new clients and someone will be like um I do this I do this and then another person be like have you tried Facebook ads and then someone will chime in no I've tried them once and they didn't work I'm like wait did you did you try to take a picture with your camera the first time and it didn't work and you gave up no so why are you doing that with the business side of things right and I what I found is that as photographers we're creative first we want in the ideal world for us to make a website and then for people to just contact us Non-Stop right but that's not how it works because a website doesn't guarantee that you're then seen by people and the biggest problem that we have in our marketing is that if no one knows that you exist it's really hard to book clients right so you could you could be the best photographer in the world but if no one knows you exists you're not making any money you're not having any clients right um and so what I what I've realized is that we will spend all of our time and effort and money on buying lighting courses and presets but when it comes to the business side of things we're like nah or we'll buy it and then we'll never log in right one out of every one out of every 15 people that buys my courses doesn't even log in um I've even had at least six or seven people pay me for my one-on-one program which is forty five hundred to fifty five hundred dollars and not ever start the program so it tells me a lot about the photography industry and what we're truly um focused on we want to create beautiful art right and that's our number one objective but we actually have to work 10 times harder at the business side of things because that's the part that doesn't come naturally to us right and so with Facebook ads um is it complicated and annoying and frustrating at times absolutely just like anything else right when you're trying to learn lighting and you're like taking the picture and then if it's all blown out and you're like ah what the heck did I do wrong right or it's completely dark and you're like what the heck I thought I'd follow the settings right but you kept pushing through and that's the same thing that I would encourage you guys to do when it comes to anything on the business side whether it's your pricing or your branding or your marketing or or whatever running a Facebook group or any of that kind of stuff you got to put in 10 times more energy to get the type of results that you need because we're not gifted at that naturally as photographers most of us right there are a few of us that can stand out and you don't hear from those people right um all the people that are posting in Facebook groups typically aren't making money it's the ones that aren't posting in Facebook groups that are just so busy right they don't have time to to vent in Facebook groups um and so that should tell you something too so let's jump in here the eight um mistakes that photographers make when using Facebook ads so the first thing is that when you sign up for Facebook just in general as a normal user you actually are given a personal Facebook ads account if you use that personal Facebook ads account to run ads for your business you will get it shut down or you will get it banned or you will just get very um like small results uh that don't really make much sense to continue to do so what Facebook wants you to do is to use your business account and create an actual business account through them in order to do that you just go to business.facebook.com you want to make sure that you're already logged into your personal Facebook account when you do that and then it will have you um create a business account with the business account you have way more targeting options and the ability to track metrics is much better it's also much better than boosting a post we call that the blue shiny button um you're just basically giving Zuckerberg money for his new 80 t-shirts um if you do that okay um so when I uh bring on clients I would five percent of them are using their personal Facebook ads account and they didn't even know it so it's not something that's very clear so go to business.facebook.com and make sure that you in fact are running ads through a business account as opposed to your personal account all right how many of you guys have heard of the Facebook pixel or have installed and are currently using the pixel I want to I want to know so let me know in the chat or in the comments okay the Facebook pixel is one of the key pieces that tracks users uh interaction on a multitude of different things it can track views on your website it can track videos um and how much percentage people have watched on them it can track if somebody saw a page but didn't see another page um tons of different things you can do but this is how the pixel needs to be installed on whatever Pages you are sending people to from the Facebook ad so that it can report back to Facebook the metrics and if people are seeing the landing page and all of that without using a pixel there's no way to track it and so your ads are going to either not let you run them or they'll let you run them there's a couple options where you can run ads without a pixel but then you have no way of actually seeing how well it's doing other than checking and seeing if you actually got leads from it and then you're going to have to calculate on your own all right well I spent 600 and I got 50 leads so let's divide that into each other to see how much it's costing me for leads right so using the Facebook pixel Facebook remembers all of the interaction that people have done whether it's visiting your Facebook business page interacting on Instagram all those different things and so this allows you to actually retarget people that have visited certain pages so let's say for instance you're running an ad and someone clicks on the ad and they go to the page and then maybe they get a phone call so they get distracted and they leave the page well maybe they meant to actually do whatever it was on that page sign up for something or opt-in for something but they got distracted because you have the Facebook pixel installed you can now create what's called a custom audience from the traffic that has seen that specific page and so you go hey Facebook anybody has seen this page but didn't see this page over here I want you to send them this new ad does that make sense okay um so the the real power of Facebook is it comes from the pixel because it's tracking everything that everybody does um and I know there's a lot of you know there's probably people are split 50 50 on I don't like being tracked and then other people are like well I don't really care um these are not like human beings looking at your data it's AI processing everything and algorithms processing everything and um so you may some of you have may have encountered this where you're sitting with a bunch of your friends and you're talking about a specific product right or maybe one of you mentions that your refrigerator broke and you need a new refrigerator and then the next time you go on Facebook you open it up and there's an ad for a refrigerator um and so by the way that's 100 happening right let's acknowledge that um and to me it's really cool I like if you just I don't know I I need you know a new refrigerator and maybe I've looked up you know up some options and they're all really expensive and then I get a Facebook ad for uh you know a deep discount it's like well perfect this works out great for me you know like you keep using my data um and we'll eventually get to the place where we're walking around the streets and all the different Billboards are going to you know change specifically as we walk by for us and stuff right that that's going to be the creepy phase but for right now um I enjoy it I know people are like I hate it that people know my information but to me um it's a key part in business every single time that you guys have ever maybe like gone to a website and looked at something and then left and then all of a sudden you get an email that says hey we noticed you we're doing this but then you didn't do it and so here's 25 off if you want to grab this thing that's because they have the pixel um tracking it and they can trigger different things based on that um and so that's where the real power comes from Facebook pixel that'll make sense yeah we have um a comment Brett Gilmore who said he installed it but he has no idea if it's working so um you want to install a Chrome browser uh extension called the Facebook pixel helper what that does is um once you've installed the pixel and you've activated the Chrome extension then when you go and visit the page that you believe you've installed the pixel on um there will be a little icon that shows if the pixel is active or not in inside of the extension great cool all right so what do we do now how does this all work right we we want to run something an ad and I see this happening so often where people are like all right I'm gonna do an ad all right what are you gonna do they're gonna they're gonna boost a post because they've already made the post and they just want more people to see it or they're going to send traffic directly to the home page of their website which if your favorite hobby is wasting money then keep doing that um but we always want to use a landing page that is very specifically designed for the offer and it doesn't have our menu or portfolio or about us sections or any of that kind of stuff there's basically no links on the page except for the button that we want them to click and and take action on and so what we're looking at here in this little chart is the flow that we normally use uh whenever we're thinking about running an ad this is the the foundation of it all okay so on the left you can see that it starts with a Facebook ad when they click on that ad they're going to go over to the landing page okay that landing page like we've talked about is going to be very specifically designed for the offer and that's it there's one button on the page there's no extra menu stuff or any of that kind of stuff and there's a call to action on that page and we want them to do something or give us an email in exchange for a freebie download like maybe it's a wedding planning guide or something along those lines and so on that landing page there's an opt-in and we're going to capture their email or phone number or both okay if they opt in and they give us that information then they're going to be redirected over to a thank you page that either gives them the next steps or delivers whatever it is that they um opted in for but it will also trigger an email sequence so now that we've got their email and we got their phone number you can also do text marketing if you have a platform that services that as well but they see the ad they go to the landing page they opt in if they opt in they'll get a thank you page which then also triggers the email sequence so we can continue to nurture that client if they don't opt in because they visited that page and the Facebook pixel fired we can now retarget them and so if they've said no to that opt-in we can then send them another ad and then send them back to that landing page to try to get them to complete the process does that make sense yeah okay so that's kind of the general flow whenever I'm thinking about okay I'm going to launch an ad I'm not doing anything other than creating a landing page creating an email sequence figuring out what the opt-in offer is and then making sure that I can gather email and phone number if you run an ad where it's a direct offer to a sale like 99 session fee and they have to click on that button and then pay immediately Those ads are really hard to work because you're you're serving that to a what's called cold traffic people that have never heard of you before and you're asking them that give you money that's like going on on a first date with somebody and asking them to marry you right we wouldn't do that and so you need to keep in mind that marketing is relational so if I was having a conversation with somebody face to face that's kind of how I still need my marketing to be and a lot of times we get detached from that and we kind of try to overthink it and come up with this you know master plan of copy and ads and combination of all that and really it just needs to be relatable um and have some type of humor in it or something like that and that needs to call out a problem that that your current client has so we talk about um problem and solution marketing a lot with what we teach and and problem solution marketing is essentially okay so what would the problem be for a family or for a family that's thinking about doing a family session what would hold that person back from doing one well I got a list right um maybe she's worried about the location or I don't know where to do it right or I don't know how to do my hair and makeup or what if my kid falls out of the car and ruins his khakis immediately right my kid is crazy and has ADHD so how are you the photographer going to be able to manage that right and so your ad should say should sort of draw out those problems and hesitations and fears and say hey if these are the things that you're dealing with we've got the solution right and so you're showing them the solution it's just like almost every single marketing campaign especially like Pharmaceuticals right it's like do you fart too much right like here's this medication it's the solution right so problem of solution marketing is kind of how we model everything all right so I want to know in the comments how many of you guys have boosted a post by just clicking the blue shiny button um and if you have I want you to stop okay um boosting a post you don't have anywhere near the amount of targeting options or metrics or ability to like really dial in the ad to the point where you need it to be um and so you're you're essentially wasting money we call it the donate to Mark Zuckerberg's new t-shirt fund uh um but stop doing that you want to go actually in through your ads manager uh and create an ad from scratch and you can still boost a post doing that so you can make a post on your business page and then you can go in and create an engagement um objective ad Campaign which will then allow you to select the uh post that you already made and then you can boost it with all the actual um targeting options that you that you should have does that make sense yep okay so don't boost the post don't click that blue shiny button instead learn the right way to go through your ads manager and you're going to see a lot better results that way all right we talked about this a little bit already trying to get married on the first date um so many photographers go all right I like to call this Panic marketing they go well I need to make money right now um I didn't do anything to plan at all and now I don't have any bookings and I need bookings now so what am I going to do a model call right they're just gonna throw something at the wind and hope it works um that's probably the worst way to Market Panic marketing is just a thing and praying that it's going to work rather than actually having a system that you can follow that you know works and so so many photographers will set up an ad for like 10 off the shoot um or something along the lines but that's that's a really hard sell because these people don't trust you first and so this is where some of the pixel comes in where this ad that you can see here is uh one that we ran for a fleet free wedding planning guide it got a ton of inquiries it got tons of Link clicks and comments and all that kind of stuff but it was an easier click for someone that has never heard of us and then after they click it they get to download our free wedding planning guide and then there's an entire email sequence that goes out to them and then there's sprinkled in there there's like hey you know do you want uh to do it jump on a phone call with us we can answer any questions you may have and then that leads to increase right so it's much better um to take an approach where there's multiple touches before asking for money then if you ask for money on the first ad you're probably going to fail um and it there's a lot of other factors that go into that how often you're running ads how much you've spent on ads um how big your network is if you have a Facebook group how many of those people are interacting with you and all that kind of stuff um but at the end of the day give some upfront value first and then ask for the sale uh garyvee teaches this in his jab jab hook book um where he's like you jab you jab and then you hook for the finish in The Knockout right and that's kind of what we're we're talking about here is don't try to get married on that first date come up with some things that could be problem and solution oriented obviously if they're planning a wedding they probably haven't planned a wedding before and so they don't know that the getting ready room should have a window in it at least so that you have some nice window light to use for that type of thing or maybe they need a wedding planning guide right I can't tell you how many weddings I've shot where somebody needs a sewing kit or someone needs a tied to go pen or someone needs a Red Bull or something like that or maybe they didn't bring the clear umbrella so they got the wrong type of umbrellas or heel stoppers for the women so they don't sink into the you know uh grass and ruin their shoes and these are all things that a lot of people don't think of and so if you can be that person that um is what we call the thought leader right you're helping them in their decision-making process by going hey did you remember this how about this how about this it positions you as the expert so they're starting to trust you um so if we give them this wedding planning guide and they go through it and they go and they learn something they got value from it they're going to go ah this person knows what they're talking about they're probably a good photographer if they know to think about all these things that I didn't think of does that make sense yeah absolutely cool all right um let's go to the next ones here so again only running one ad um please don't do this you don't do it with your with your photography you don't do it when you're trying to get better at lighting so don't do it when it comes to paid marketing um I can't tell you how many people I've talked to were like yeah I tried one ad and it doesn't work right um there's a lot of things to consider when running an ad there's a lot of different elements that can make or break the ad you've got your headline your sub headline your actual copy the image the targeting um the landing page that it's going to and the layout of that landing page so when your ad doesn't work it's best to do what's called split testing or running multiple different ads with multiple different objectives and then start tweaking things so if you've never run ads before don't set up a 100 hour budget to the One landing page you think is going to be your dream team home run instead do five dollar budgets to a bunch of different variations um try different headlines try different copy try different pictures until you get one that works what I like to do is try individual interests in five dollar ad sets and then run them for like three days until they get out of the learning phase and then you'll be able to see which ones are doing better than the others whichever ones are not doing good turn those off whichever ones are doing good take all the interest between those three and now create a new campaign that uses all of those interests in one ad and we call that a super ad that make sense so run those multiple ads small budgets varying interest and that's going to help you figure out which interests work well so that you can get to the point where you have your power ads working for you all right and then we talked a little bit about this earlier but do not send people to your website um this is an example of a landing page for a Boudoir giveaway you'll notice at the top of the page there's no buttons right there's only the one button that says yes they want this amazing deal um so send people to a dedicated landing page you can make these in your own website um I know show it and Squarespace and WordPress all of those you you just create a page and then you can hide the header and footer on the page um and then make it a hidden page so it's not like like no one can find it from going through your normal navigation of your website and then lay it out where at the very top before they have to scroll what's called before the page break that they can see exactly what the offer is and there's a button for them to actually click through our statistics of doing this for the last five years we've figured out that 75 percent of people that visit a site do not scroll down and those people only stay on the site for one to two seconds unless they see something that is what they've saw in the ad and so whatever the ad looks like it's often a great idea to use that same picture or video on the landing page at the top so that they their brand recognition is the same they don't go wait am I in the right spot I just click this ad and this doesn't look like what I just clicked on um so that can really help brand recognition and there it'll keep them on the page longer so they can actually click the button and do what it is that you wanted them to do okay so Easton we had a question that came up I don't think it's exactly related to that last one but it was a question that came up at this moment how does all of this translate to Google ads um so direct response marketing is pretty much the same um across all advertising platforms the way that you set up an ad may look different right because each platform is going to have a different way of creating and setting up ads but all of the principles um are translating over to uh any other platform so use all the same principles but just as far as building your audiences and building your ads you may need to tweak that a little bit because they're not going to look the same okay thanks for your question Brett yeah all right so um the other mistake is not using custom audiences so when you go in to Facebook and you go to the audience tab you'll be able to create audiences from all of these different things that you see on the screen from website traffic from a customer list so if you have like a thousand emails from people in the past you can upload them into Facebook and say hey Facebook these are my past clients and then from that custom audience you can create what's called a look-alike audience and then that's Facebook going out and going okay so those are your clients we'll go out and find more people that are just like them that live in the same location that work in the same types of places that make the same type of income like the same type of music Etc so that can be really powerful importing a customer list the video percentage of views is really great too so like let's say you put up a two minute video um and um if somebody watches that video for three seconds they're probably not that interested they were just scrolling through Facebook and happened to stop for a second but if they watch 75 of that video they're probably interested and could do um we could warm we we use that video to warm them up and then we can serve them another ad so with these custom audiences we can say hey Facebook anybody that has watched 75 or more of this video I want you to show them this new ad um so that's really powerful you can do it based on Facebook page likes Facebook comments um all different types of things even stuff from your Instagram account and live events that you've done so don't forget about using custom audiences that's incredibly targeted yeah yep and then uh the last thing is using a Facebook group um is is huge and it doesn't um work just for Boudoir photographers it works for almost every Niche and what it does is let's say you you're paying money for these ads and to and to get leads well you want a place to deposit them so that you can contact them for free in the future so what we like to do is we run our ad and we give away whatever the thing is or download whatever the thing is and then the thank you page says hey join our group um maybe it's Family Adventures in Boston is the group for family photographer right um maybe it's an Empowerment Group for women for Boudoir there's a lot of different things that you can do but in this group you're allowed you're you're enabling yourself and them to be able to stay engaged you can give them upfront value in that group you can interview your past clients in that group and they'll be talking about how you know much of a change did in their lives or you know how much they love the photos and all the rest of the people in the group are going to be like oh all right well maybe I'll borrow that person's confidence then Reach Out uh and book a session so going live showing um the sessions that you're doing that could be huge be vulnerable vulnerable vulnerability is huge be that like reality TV star in your group almost and just share your normal life and people become attached to you so Facebook groups great way to just deposit everybody and then have a free way to contact them in an interactive way as well all right all right so that's pretty much it all right well Milton says Hey Houston Melton I love Milton and yes this replay will be on uh Easton's Channel and my channel very cool um did you there you go oh that was fun all right um that was some great information I think that's one of the things that I've run into the most as well is that um when they get frustrated because they've only tried one or it is more of the um specific sale or specific promotion versus understanding that they haven't been seen yet and they're not they're not gonna just like book off of that one I think that's probably the one I've run into the most as well oh yeah for sure yeah so all right great well that was wonderful information I don't have any other questions and I know we've conquered all the ones that came through so let's see where can someone reach you uh what's the best way to reach you uh Easton best way is just to send me a message on Facebook Messenger um we do have our our website the art of six figures.com um you can contact me there but if you need something quickly um or you want to chat um or inquire about any of our courses or my one-on-one service for Boudoir photographers just send me a message that's the best way okay sounds great and thanks again for those of you who were watching and if you're catching it on the replay go connect with Easton and I hope that you looked up some amazing things takeaways for your Facebook ads cheers

- 5 Common Mistakes You May Be Making on Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en for joining us on Pipeline Facebook live this afternoon. Uh we hope you enjoy this time with us. We have 15 minutes of your day and uh this is going to be great information for you. If you are, you know, using Facebook to run ads and so today, Ben right here, this is Ben Mix. He brought a mixtape today. Anyway, uh he is going to talk about the five common mistakes that you may be making in Facebook ads. And so we're going to go over those today. It should be uh good information for you. So uh take notes if you want to or you can just watch along and re-watch it later and take notes. Whatever you want to do. All right. All right, Ben. You ready? Absolutely. This is Ben's first one. So yeah, you know, this is going to be, you know, test. It's gonna be great. It's going to be amazing. Um so first one yes question one how important is an image uh for an ad or in an ad h how important is is an image yeah I would say the the image is centrally important to the ad whenever you're looking at things like reach or engagement about threequarters of that or about 75% of that performance is going to be related to how good the image is. Um, so let's kind of talk a little bit about um the different formats of the images that you can use in Facebook ads. Um, and then I'll kind of talk a little bit about what makes those images good. So now we only have 15 minutes. We can't do, you know, we got five questions here. True. Okay. Quick. Yeah. Okay. So to start with, um, one of those formats, we got a single image here. Nice, uh, nice cup of uh, ice cream there centered there. Strawberry. strawberry. We also have formats like videos and slideshows. And I'm going to show a really cool one that Facebook's doing now called a carousel ad. And but but with a carousel ad, you can go through different images. You can click through them. So we got you can do a video here, right? Include that image. Very nice kind of multi format sort of thing. Okay, that's pretty. Yeah. Click there and you can shop now probably buy a ticket to go to the event. Huh? Call to action down there. There it is. All right. So, let's go back to that this image real quick and let's talk a little bit about what makes an image good. So, with this image, one of the things you want to make sure that you're doing with your images and your ads is you want to make sure the image directly as directly as you can connects with the message of your ad. So, what is the message here? We look at the caption. It's National Ice Cream Day. Uh, enjoy buy one get rid of free on all these homemade ice creams. Peach, strawberry, chocolate. And uh, then we have this beautiful image here of a cup of strawberry ice cream. That's about as direct as I I think you can get. Yeah. And that's just so you know, that's not on a keto diet. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately, but it is strawberry and it is ice cream. So that is it is delicious. Okay. Um, another uh principle of images, this goes for graphic design, photography, all that kind of thing. It's called the rule of thirds. So, let's take a look at an example of this. All right. So, you look at this picture. This is a nice uh picture of the beach. Looks like early morning there. Um definitely sunrise. Definitely the sunrise. Yeah. You see? Um and what makes this image so great is we can kind of take a look at this and you can sort of divide it into thirds here. So, we got the beach here, the ocean, and the sky. And this is just called the rule of thirds. For some reason, when we when people look at images, they like to see things that have these patterns and can you can kind of divide them into thirds. And that's what's called the rule of thirds there. So, yeah. Awesome. All right. Well, good deal. There's uh those are good examples of some of some yummy strawberry ice cream and some going on the beach. If you combine those two, that'd be even better. But anyway, we're going to move on to the next one. But so how much text should there be in on an on an ad or on an image, I guess you should say. Yeah. So let's specifically talk about on the image. We're going to call this overlay text. Overlay. Overlay text. Fancy words, right? Okay. We're going to take a take a look at an image here and I'm going to show a an example of a good use of overly text. Um, so when we look at this image, I mean, it looks like a pretty good a pretty good image to me. Um, and the reason for that is it's not because there's not text on the image, but when you look at this, um, the text, you can kind of see it's not really disturbing or disrupting the image at all. It's centered nicely. It's not very big. Um, Facebook used to have this rule called the uh, 20% rule. And what that meant was that your overlay text couldn't take up more than 20% of your image. Now that rule is not as hard and fast anymore, but back in the day, they wouldn't even run the ad. They wouldn't run the ad. So, but that's not necessarily the way it works now. It's a little bit more of a qualitative approach. But for in this case, this is okay because it looks fine, right? But if we made that about twice that size, kind of made that text about twice that size, it's not gonna it's not going to work very well for Facebook. No. So, reach would be reach would be terrible. The principle you want to stick with with overlay text is less is more. Make sure that it's punchy and uh not taking much space. There you go. So, yeah. Awesome. Well, good. Well, here's a third question. You know, we talked about overlay text. Um, but in your captions when you have in your your headline in an actual ad, it's not like on a boosted post, but like an actual ad that's a click click to website ad or a reach ad. Yes. Um, what what what should we do about the headlines? What's a common mistake? Um, common mistake is making them too big. M um Facebook will reject your ad if it's more than I want to say 40 characters. So you want to keep it under 40 characters. And I've got a principle for how we kind of want to think about that. Look at an ad here. Got a nice carousel ad. Now here's the headline right down here. And the reason why this is a really nice headline is it's following two principles I'm going to talk about. So you want to make headlines concise and you want to make them to entice. So concise. That rhymes. It's a nice rhyme, right? You like that? Getting fancy. Came up with that. Just just um so the headline here, it's nice and short. We have these really great words, luxury and dream. Luxury dream. Luxury dream. Comfortable. You know, people like, you know, dream. These are things that people can connect with, but we're keeping it nice and short so that it's not disrupting the image. It's not messing up with the It's not messing with the call to action. And it's just a really nice short, punchy headline. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good looking house. It is a good looking house. Heard it's for sale. Pretty cheap, too. I heard. All right. Pick one up later. But anyway, hey, if you need to know how much that is or where that house is, we can let you know. Ben will know later. Let you know. But anyway, how can I make sure my ads are relevant for my audience? How do I make sure that they're speaking to my audience? Okay. So, there's this kind of principle when you're doing ads where you want to be able to reach a specific audience. But you also don't want to make an ad that in five minutes this ad is going to be completely irrelevant. Right. Right. Right. I got you. So we want to talk about, let's say we're advertising for breakfast. We want to make sure that the ad goes out at about, you know, if it's a weekday about, you know, 7:30 in the morning, 7 o'clock, something like that. If someone's going to get coffee, it's got to be nice and early. But we want to make sure that that ad still can reach to somebody who may want to get coffee in like the afternoon. So let's take a look at this ad real quick. Yeah, cuz you know, have coffee on us. I know there's I know there's people in our office here that drink their coffee like after lunch or all day long or all day long but yeah keep it all day long. So coffee is kind of one of those things that just kind of it is and this image is really good for it because it's kind of simple. Um again we're following that kind of rule of thirds there nice things uh you know not much overlay text and it's got this nice simplicity to it so that you can use this ad for like coffee in the evening, coffee in the morning. Um, you can still target your audience in the morning, but that ad can work in the evening if you needed to as well. So, you want to keep ads evergreen. Um, uh, you want to make sure that it can target people in the moment, but also that it can stay relevant over time, right? So, like a Labor Day sale ad on the Tuesday after Labor Day. Yeah, probably not. I would say that'd be a bad idea to put on like Tuesday, but you know. Yeah. Yeah. You want to be careful that because then you can you miss the whole audience. You miss you literally miss the entire audience. Good deal. Well, we have one more question. This is the fifth question and should I leave an ad running um indefinitely? Of course, we're not speaking about boosted posts here because we all know that boosted post you only should run those for a few days because if you run those for a long time then everything you post on your page no see it. Reach ads, click ads, brand awareness. Okay, so we want to be able to refresh our ads. One common mistake that people make is that they just leave ads running indefinitely. You can leave an ad running for a month, but let's say you want to do it for another month. Take a look at the ad. Uh see if the cost per click is going up. If it went from 20 20 cents per click to 75 cents per click, uh that's a tired ad. So it could be targeting too, but yeah, you want to you want to check all those things for sure. So let's take a look at an ad that has been updated. so this was a reach ad um uh that I was running for a little while uh for about a month and it it needed it needed some refreshening. So this is what I did. I just changed a couple things about it. You don't have to change the entire ad. Um just take a look at it and see where there some spots that you might be able to, you know, kind of freshen up, freshen it up, if you will. And it has those comments and all the shares and that kind of thing. Kind of got got a lot of a lot of looks, a lot of likes, a lot of interaction, engagement there. Yeah. But at some point that kind of starts to plateau. So you want to make sure that you spruce it up a bit. Spruce it up. Spruce it up. So especially for house. So I changed this ad to this ad. And it wasn't it didn't take uh it didn't take, you know, I didn't have to go and make an entire new ad. I just changed the format. So I went from a slideshow to a nice carousel ad. Um, I Facebook Facebook says carousel ads are carousel ads are very good. Yeah. Most clicked on, especially on Instagram. Yes, people like to be able to interact with the image. So, I just put a couple new images in there. Added a nice emoji there at the end. Oh, yeah. Emojis are always fantastic for captions. Added a couple of those nice words like luxury and uh, you know, stuff like that. And made sure that the headline was nice and punchy. Um, and then I just I duplicated that ad set. um and turned it on and it was good to go for another month and it was, you know, it's a nice uh refreshed ad. Yeah. And all those all those comments and all those likes, they drop off because because you you've refreshed it, right? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. It's running nice and fresh then. And so you could had some comments on there, you know, it could have been positive, it could have been some medium or negative, but you could kind of just refresh that and get a new look to it. All new and it just took a few little tweaks. Yeah. Yeah. Well, awesome. Great. It's good to know these great things about um ads. Uh do we have any questions? Anybody? I I forgot to ask people have any questions for us, but let's see Oh, I don't see any questions here, but you know, maybe later. You can put them in in the comment section because this will be out later. And of course, you might you might might be working now or you might be you might be drinking your coffee after lunch. But uh yeah, but yeah, could be making ads. Uh but if you have any comments or questions, you can always put them in here. We'll answer them later. But uh we just want to thank you for joining us today and learning about uh some of the common mistakes that are made uh for by people on on you know trying to run Facebook or Instagram ads because these could be used on on Facebook and Instagram. Sure. Um so it's very important. But uh anyway, thank you for joining

- A Proven, Easy & Fast Template For Winning Video Ads: Kind: captions Language: en so today i want to teach you a formula and it's a formula that's inspired by this i call it the 60 second script it is a way of producing youtube video ads that say and do the right things to turn a stranger into a ready to buy hot prospect that wants to buy your coaching or your courses and i'm going to break the whole thing down for you in today's video you're going to absolutely love it firstly if you're new to the channel welcome my name's john pemity i'm the founder of a marketing education company called addclients.com we've done well over 15 million dollars in online sales selling coaching and selling courses and we've learned a thing or two and we share it all here on the channel so don't forget to subscribe and in today's video i want to talk about specifically youtube video ads okay if you've followed me for any time at all you know we love them we are running youtube ads all the time we spend about a hundred thousand dollars a month on those ads and we uh return a phenomenal amount it's about three or four x we do three to four hundred thousand dollars every single month and it all starts with those youtube ads and i've boiled it down to a formula after doing over 15 million online you can really cram everything you need to into 60 seconds and they're very powerful ads and if you're not already using youtube you should really be taking it seriously and i'm going to give you a head start right now so here's how the 60 second script works and you're going to have to deal with the fact that i struggle to draw a straight line okay we've got zero seconds here and we've got 60 seconds here the first thing you need to understand about how the youtube ad platform works that's very different to other social media platforms is that you're actually interrupting someone's video right like you're actually popping up over the top of something they want to watch so your initial hook has got to be really good and your initial hook has to make sure they understand that they are watching a video that's actually tailor-made for them otherwise they're going to hit skip very very quickly well not before five seconds because it doesn't allow you to do that but as soon as it appears they're hitting that skip button so we have the first it really is broken up into three sections and the first section is all about the hook this first 10 to 20 seconds is actually calling out exactly who it is that you help we have found this to be the most effective way of doing this so if i'm looking for coaches and course creators i will literally say it in my hook i'll say hey real quick if you sell coaching or courses online that's going to be the first thing i say i'm calling out the audience and then i want to relate to their pain and i'm going to do that in the same first section so hey if you sell courses or coaching and you are struggling to find a traffic strategy that is reliable in turning strangers into clients all right so i've attacked a pain point there after calling out exactly who this is for so that's the first section the second section is now introducing yourself and revealing that you have the answer to their problem so we'll move into the next section section by saying um well listen i figured out how to do this i struggled for years trying to land clients online it wasn't until i figured out how to use youtube ads in a very specific way to where i was able to start landing clients within 24 hours from running those ads and i want to teach you how i've been able to do that and then we move into the third and final section which is where we introduce what it is that we have for them and invite them to come check it out whether that's a lead magnet registering for your webinar coming and checking out your free training whatever the case may be this is where we say and i'd love to teach you how you can do this i've got a system i break it down a to z and i've put it all into this webinar presentation i'd love you to check it out click the link somewhere on or around this video check out that webinar register for it and i'll see you there so that would be the final section that's it that's the formula boiled down call out exactly who you want and and attack their pain points that's gonna hook them in address the fact that you know what those pain points are like and you now have the solution and finally give them a detailed call to action explain exactly what they're going to get on that next page what they can expect and that would make them feel far more comfortable when they make the click if this has been helpful i actually want to give you the full blueprint it's the 60 second script we've put it into an infographic here for you where literally step 1 step 2 step three is broken down with examples and cues and exactly what you need to say and do this has been single-handedly responsible for well over 10 million dollars in online sales it's my free gift to you enjoy it use it and let me know if it's helpful for you come back here in the comments there's a link in the description box down below where you can get access to that that being said if you enjoyed today's video don't forget to give it a thumbs up give it a like i really appreciate that and don't forget to subscribe to the channel i'm putting out great content like this a couple of times a week and if you subscribe you won't miss anything if you like this training you probably like this one as well so go check that out and i'll see you in a future video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @JonPenberthy [1 likes]: I hope you enjoyed the video guys!! Download your free script template here: https://www.youtube.com/jonpenberthy?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @bernardopercia [1 likes]: So good! Do you think this could also work for Meta Ads, Jon?
  3. @sarahcarpenter4610 [1 likes]: Love your passion! Going to try this and see how it goes. Thank you!
  4. @ErikFrits [1 likes]: That's a joke how little views this video has.
It's actually really good and simple video!

Thanks Jon, just made a script for a simple Ad following this !
  5. @sharoncarr1319 [1 likes]: Hi Jon, I've entered my email twice, but not received the blueprint?
  6. @vv2262 [1 likes]: You are the best mentor... I am big fan of siddarth rajsekar sir.. You are also rocking.
  7. @rebelvideo [1 likes]: This guy is one of my favorites! You can surely follow his methods and knock it out of the park.
  8. @JohanSluimers [1 likes]: Great video. Thank you so much Jon! What is the brand name of the touch screen what you are using?
  9. @AdrianSilenieks [1 likes]: The download link doesn't work. I tried two a different emails, and none of them received the script.
  10. @kiahelles [1 likes]: Thank you 🙏Where do I find the link
  11. @Alex-ll4xm [1 likes]: Fantastic!!
  12. @upsurgeagency3593 [1 likes]: Great stuff.Thank you.

- how i turn product images into (animated) video ads using AI.: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how I use AI to create full e-commerce video ads that look a little something like this. >> This new blender is so powerful, it just might explode. Meet the Jet Smooth portable blender. It crushes frozen fruit, ice, and nuts in seconds without any cords. >> So, every single visual and every scene that you're seeing here is completely made with AI, and nothing is real. I didn't use my camera or hire anyone to film all of these shots. This was all made with a few prompts on Chat GBT and a little bit of creativity. And in this video, I'm going to walk you guys step by step on my process on making all of this happen with AI, even if you have zero experience. So, let's get straight into it. So, before we get into everything, let me quickly explain the power of AI and what other stores are currently doing, just so you can get an idea of the potential and how you could be using this for your store right now. So, I've showed this store in one of my previous videos before, but this store called Maya Apparel is actually one of the first stores that I seen actually creating fully AI generated videos that look like this. And every single scene fake. Like, literally nothing here is real. And this is what really piqued my interest. It made me start to learn more about AI and how to actually generate moving visuals like this for my own products. And since using AI ads for my store, I've been noticing much better results. You can see at the start of this month, I did around 6.6K in sales. And to give a closer look, my total net profit was actually 1.9K, giving me a net profit of almost 30%. And if I scroll down below, we can get a further breakdown on how I actually made those profits. So, you can see I spent around 2.3K to fulfill all of my orders, around $2,000 in total ad spend, and then around $200 in Shopify transaction fees, and then, of course, I have other expenses like paying my VAS and whatnot. But this is just a general gist of how much I'm making excluding those factors. And by the way, if you want to be able to track your profits really seamlessly, this app that I'm using is called True Profit, which I use for all of my stores. And if you're running a lot of ads in different platforms, you actually have the ability to integrate almost every single ad platform out there, such as Facebook ads, Google Ads, Tik Tok ads, and pretty much the list goes on. And it'll also sync every single product in your store. And all you have to do is just set up how much it actually costs you to fulfill those orders. And once you set that up, it's going to automatically calculate your profits in real time, so you don't have to. So, if you want to make your life super easy and know exactly how much your store is making on a daily basis, then I'd strongly recommend checking out True Profit. I'll leave a link down below in case you want to try it out. All right, so now let me get into the full process on how I generated this full video ad with AI. So, there's going to be a few foundational things that we're going to need to do first in order to create a fully animated video like this. The first thing that we need is a script that we can use for our video because this is really important so we understand which type of scenes and visuals we can actually place into the video that is going to match with the script. And I'm going to show you how you can easily make a script for yourself by using my custom GPT. I'll link it down below in case you guys want to use it. But basically, all you need to do is find another winning video ad, whether it's on your Facebook feed or your Tik Tok feed. In this case, I ran into this video that had 7 million views. And this is telling me that the script that they're using is obviously something that works. And then I simply copied the URL of that video. I went over to fdown.net. And then I pasted in that URL to download the video. Then I took it over to reream.io io to be able to transcribe that entire video and give me the entire script into text form which I could then simply copy and then plug it directly into my GPT which is going to help me create a script for my own product modeled after the same tone and the talking style from the script that I'm giving them. So I quickly just wrote out this prompt where I just said help me clone the script for my portable blender adapt and shorten the script suited for a 30-se secondond video ad. And then I'm going to take the full script that I downloaded and then I'm going to paste it down below this prompt. And then I'm also going to drag over a few images of my product because this is going to give some more context on how my product works. And I simply downloaded all of these files from this AliExpress listing for this product. Then after I submitted everything, it was able to give me this script right here. However, I didn't really like the hook that it gave me. So then I just said to give me five better hooks than that, and I ended up liking this hook right here. So then I replied saying to use this hook and develop a script around that hook. And then it gave me this full script right here. And then I replied to it saying, "Remove the scene suggestions and give me the script itself." This way it looks really clean and easy to read. And then I simply just copy the script and then paste my script over to this website called 11 Labs using their texttospech feature. And this is basically going to help us create really realistic sounding voices that is going to explain our script. So on the right hand side we have access to a ton of different realistic voices. In this case I use this voice called Vanessa which I thought sounded really good. And then once I selected my voice I just clicked on generate speech. And then once I was happy with my results I simply downloaded the audio file. And then I uploaded that script directly into Cap Cut. And that is exactly how I was ready to start building the scenes to match that script. So now the question is, how do we actually create all the content that's going to pair well with the script? So the first thing that we need to do is generate images that is going to match every single scene in our video. So there's a couple of ways that we can do this. The first way could be your own creativity and just simply generating some images from scratch that you feel like is going to match specific parts of your script. Now, if you don't have too much creativity and you're not too experienced with using AI, don't worry because I also have a custom GPT that's going to help you create image prompts and video prompts that's going to help you with the entire process. Let me show you how this is going to work. So, what I'm going to do is just drag over some images of my products so we can give some context on how my product works. And then I'm just going to type in a prompt similar to this where I'm just basically saying, "Help me make a 30-se secondond video ad based on this portable blender." And then I'm also saying to choose the target demographic for me, just in case I have zero clue on what kind of marketing angle I want to take for this product. And after submitting that info, it gives me a full breakdown on the target demographic that it chose for me. But then it also asks me a couple of questions. The first one asks if I have a script that's already ready to go. This way, it knows exactly what kind of scenes and images it can actually generate based on that script. And then it's also asking how long my video should be, but I already told them 30 seconds, so I don't know why it's asking me that. Again, this GBT isn't perfect, by the way. But this is basically how I replied. I just said to develop the scenes around this script and then I simply took that exact script that we used to generate with 11 Labs earlier. So what happens from here is that it's going to analyze the full script. It's going to break it down by the hook, the product intro, features and benefits and blah blah blah. And then it's just going to estimate the video length and how many shots it thinks it's going to take to be able to match every single scene for our script. And you could just have a quick read over it and see if you like it. And at the very end, it's going to ask you whether you're satisfied with that shot list and whether you want to reduce it or add more scenes. And if everything looks good to you, you can just simply tell them go. And then from here, it just created a batch of five image prompts that's going to help us bring all of those scenes into life. So, what I'm going to do is copy the very first prompt. Then I'm going to open a brand new window of chatbt. Make sure we're on the 40 model. Then I'm going to paste in that prompt. And then I'm also going to drag over a very clear image of the product that I'm selling, which in this case is a portable blender. And then I'm going to press enter and see what kind of image it's able to create for us. And here's the result it was able to give me, which looks like the portable blender is about to explode, which is the exact hook shot that you guys saw in the beginning of this video. And once we generate our first photo, we just go back into our GPT, and it's pretty much a rinse and repeat process. We're going to copy the prompt for image number two. We're going to go back into the chat room, plug in the photo of our product and also our prompt. And then we're going to end up with another image that we could use for our video. So, I basically just continued to do this, but this time I copied the exact image that I generated based on scene two to use it for context. And then I just copied prompt number three and then I put it right here. And then this is the image it was able to create which I also think looks pretty good. But now I'm going to show you some of the problems that you might face as you continue to generate more images in the same chat room. So you can see down below here I uploaded the same image from scene number two and then I copied the prompt from image number four. And if we take a look at the results here, you can see how it created this image using the context from what it created earlier which is kind of like that same overhead style shot. So, the reason I'm showing this to you guys is that when you are generating multiple images inside of the same chat room, there can be times where you can get results that you don't really want because it's going to pull some context from some of those previous images. Now, this is partly due to the fact that at the very end of our image prompts, it's always going to have an ending statement that says to keep the lighting consistent with prior shots. Now, if you want to be able to generate some of these images from scratch without necessarily pulling some context from the prior image, then what you can do is just open up a brand new chat room, upload a photo of your product, upload that same prompt, but just delete that ending statement that says to maintain the same lighting as previous shots because obviously there is no previous shots that this chat room can work with. And as you can see, it created a brand new visual from scratch that I personally think is a whole lot better than what it created for me here. And this is what I ended up doing with a lot of other scenes for my video. Every time I copied the prompt directly from my GPT, I would just open up a new chat room so that I can get some fresh results. As you can see here, I have all these separate chat rooms that got me all of these different images. And one quick tip I want to give you to make your image generation much faster and also have more consistency with your products. You can also use Sora, which is directly available in chat GPT. And inside Sora, we have the ability to generate images exactly like we could do in the chat GPT chat rooms. The only difference is is that we can actually choose what aspect ratio that we want, but we can also choose how many variations we want for every single submission. So, you can see that I was able to create a ton of different visuals that I could use for my video much faster. And because I could get four generations every single time, it was much easier to get the result that I was looking for. And another thing I want to mention, if you want to get more accurate results for your product, I would recommend to always upload a clearer photo of your product, but also include a couple of images that look more clear, like this on a white background, as well as specific close-ups of certain areas of your product that have really unique designs or shapes to it. And I found that by including all of these different visuals helped to create an image that looked as close as possible to the product that I was selling. And once you have a solid foundation of all of your images, now I'm going to show you how we can take all of those images and turn them into animated videos. just like this so that we can create one full video ad purely with AI. But before we get into all of that, I just wanted to quickly mention that if you're just a beginner who's just starting out with e-commerce or drop shipping and you're looking for a good solution to source any product that you want to sell, one quick tip I want to give you is that you shouldn't be drop shipping from AliExpress because number one, it's very hard for you to know which seller is actually sourcing a good quality version of your product. And number two, the customer service that you're going to get from AliExpress, especially if you need help with some of your products that might arrive damaged to your customers, is not usually the best in my experience. And if I was just starting and I want to source my products with the least headaches possible, then I would simply just copy the URL of the product on AliExpress, take it over to Zenrop, use their request a product feature and plug in my URL. This way, they can source the best quality version of my product, and also give me really good customer support in the event I have an issue with the products that arrive to my customers. And to make things even easier, it connects directly to your Shopify store and syncs all of your orders in real time. And all you have to do is select all of your orders at once, pay for everything in just one click, and all of your customers are going to get their tracking numbers automatically, and it's pretty much hands-off from there. I'll leave a link down below in case you want to try out Zenrop. Believe me, this is probably one of the best solutions anyone who's just starting out with e-commerce should try. All right, so now, let me walk you guys through on how I'm going to turn all of my still images into animated clips that look just like this. So, we're going to head back over to my GPT that we use to create all of our image prompts. And at the very end of the process, it's going to ask you to upload your generated images in order so that it can help you to create video prompts, which is going to animate every single one of those images. And then I just uploaded my first five images based on the first five prompts that it created for me. And from there, it was able to create all of my video prompts to animate all of those images. However, I did make a slight tweak where I just asked them to add some directions of sound effects in the prompts, too. This way we also get the animated visual but also the sound effect which is really great for our hook. So now you're probably wondering what is the platform that I'm using to generate all these animated visuals that you're seeing here. Well, this platform is called Clean AI which I think has one of the best models out there that creates really realistic looking visuals. I'll leave a link down below so that you can sign up and get some free credits to generate your first few videos. Once you're inside the platform, you want to go on the lefth hand side and click on video. Then go to the image to video tab and on this drop down here you can select whatever model is available and I personally recommend going with cleaning 2.1 as it's really cheap in credits and it can usually get the results that you're looking for. However, if you're working with really complex scenes and your prompts are super long and really descriptive, then clean 2.1 master can do a better job of understanding those prompts and get you the results that you want. However, like I said, nine times out of 10 you're probably going to get the results that you need just by using the normal clean 2.1 model. So after selecting your model, you just want to upload the image that you want to animate. In this case, I'm going to upload this image that I created from Sora, which we're going to use as the base image to make it explode. And then if we scroll down here, you're going to notice that there's a box to input our prompt. So this is where my GPT comes in, where we have all of our video prompts, and I can simply copy the very first prompt that it created for me. Then just paste it into the prompt box. And this is optional. You can choose whether you want a 5 or 10second clip. So if we go with 5 seconds, it's going to cost us 35 credits. But if we go with the 10-second option, it's pretty much just going to cost double. And I would say nine times out of 10, you can get most of the footage that you need just by using 5-second video clips. And then over here, you can choose whether you want one or four different outputs. I would recommend sticking to one output. This way, you can really see the results that you get. And then slowly make changes to your prompt if you're not getting the results that you want. This way, you can avoid burning too many credits. And lastly, as we scroll down further, you're going to notice that there is an option for sound effects, which is currently free for now. And I'm going to leave this checked on because I want that sound effect. And this is exactly what I have in my prompt to make that come to life. And then once everything is good to go, you're going to click on generate. And then you just wait a few minutes. And this is exactly how I was able to get this result here of that bottle exploding, which I then used as the hook of my full video ad, as you guys saw. So once you've created your first animated scene, it's pretty much a rinse and repeat process from here. You're going to go back into the GPT. You're going to copy the prompt for your second image. You're going to go back into cling, upload that second image. You're going to paste that prompt into the box. You're going to generate the video, wait a few minutes, and then you're going to end up with your second animated scene just like this. And again, you're going to keep doing this until you have enough scenes that you can work with so that you can match it up to the script for your video. And that is exactly what I did here. And with that being said, let me show you the full results of the video I created. any cords. Just toss in your ingredients, hit the button, and it blends everything smooth right in the bottle. And cleaning literally takes 10 seconds. It's rechargeable, compact, and goes anywhere. Grab yours now for just $49 with free shipping. Don't wait. These always sell out fast. Tap the link to get yours before they're gone. >> So, a few things that I want to mention about this video. Firstly, I know it's not 100% perfect. There may be a few scenes if you look close enough where the portable blender doesn't look the same as some of the scenes before it. But of course, this is just a current flaw with AI, but I think for the most part it did a really good job of keeping most of the scenes pretty consistent. Secondly, the very last scene that you guys saw with the portable blender in its branded packaging was really just a concept photo that I created straight out of Chat GPT. Of course, if you're going to include this into your own video ad, you want to make sure that the package actually looks like the same package that is being delivered to your customers. And lastly, I wanted to mention that while the process I showed you guys to create this video seems really simple, do keep in mind that it does take a lot of trial and error in order to get all of the scenes and the visuals that you want out of cling. And like I said earlier in this video, the GPTs that I've created is not 100% perfect. And all of the video prompts and even the image prompts are not always going to give you the results that you want. And sometimes if you really want to get the results that you're looking for, it does require a little bit of your own intuition and a little bit of your own prompting skills. For example, I created this image by using a prompt that I wrote completely by myself. And then I uploaded that image to cling to create this little animation, which I also wrote out by myself as well. And this ended up being the scene that I put in my final video ad instead of the one that the GPT recommended for me. And again, this was just simply by using my own creativity here. And just one last final tip for my GPT, you don't have to go through the full process of creating image prompts and video prompts all in order. And instead what you can do is that you could take an image that you generated by yourself and then you can just upload it into the GPT and then just ask it to help you create a video prompt just based on that image. And you can see that it's able to create a full video prompt based on that image. And this is something that you can also potentially test if you want to try to animate that with Cling. So that's my entire process on creating full e-commerce video ads from scratch using AI. And if you've made it this far into this video, I'm also going to show you another video ad that I've created just for fun of a fictional character from the 1700s discovering this portable blender for the first time. Behold this curious vessel which turns simple fruit into a drink most smooth. A fine pour thick and ready. A gentleman must always prepare his potions properly. Such vigorous swirling reminds me of Lady Beatatric on the dance floor. A fine sip so good it might lead a man to mischief in the name of liberty. I do proclaim this vessel a rightful tool for all who cherish freedom and fine refreshment. >> So, I know that video was not perfect by any means and the character in the video clearly looks fake, but to be honest, I do think videos like this could be the future for e-commerce where you don't technically need real people to be advertising your products. And if you can create some sort of fictional character to add some humor behind the products that you're selling, that actually could be enough to convert people. But, I don't know. That's just my guess and I just wanted to show you guys this just so you guys can see the power of what you can actually create with AI. And in case you do want to know how I create fictional characters that actually talk with my product, then let me know down in the comments below and I'll be more than happy to make a video about that. But aside from that, I hope you guys did enjoy this video. If you did, be sure to drop a like and subscribe to this channel and make sure to join my free Discord group so that you could be connected with other like-minded entrepreneurs who are also doing e-commerce and drop shipping. and follow me on Twitter as I drop some tips and strategies from time to time on what I'm actually doing on my stores right now. And last but not least, I want to end this video off with a disclaimer in that every single video ad that I showed you guys was just for educational and demonstration purposes only. If you do decide to create video ads for your products with AI, you need to make sure that all of your content actually looks identical to the product that you're selling because if it's not, then you're just going to be misleading all of your customers and I am not responsible for that. So again, just make sure to use AI responsibly and use it as a supplement for the growth and the scale of your current stores. And with that being said, I thank you guys so much for watching and I'll catch you on the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @princesssylvester2853 [3 likes]: One of the best AI tutorials I've seen so far. Thank you!!

I'll love you to create a comprehensive video just like this on how to create fictional characters to advertise products
  2. @rudrathakur6433: Love the way you explain things and your perspective on creativity, Could you please make a video on how to create custom ChatGPT image prompts? Would love to learn your process.
  3. @shereenKinchen: please create more videos , your explanation is the best i have ever seen. thank you
  4. @aboveluxurygroup: what if my country doesnt get sora on GPT
  5. @Keezy_Maxx: 1:14 Okay that’s enough guys, this is getting ridiculous. 1544 Sessions with $6,631 In sales? 😂what a joke. You’ve got 1,544 sessions and 70 orders. That’s a 4.53% conversion rate, not 4.08% Next time before editing the dashboard page at least line up the maths properly.
  6. @TessBautista: Please open a skool account so we all can follow you there
  7. @abual-fadhl6522: Especially thank you for being frank.
  8. @D33nD3cod3d: that fictional 1700s character at the end [16:13] was a hilarious way to show how 'weird' hooks can actually stop the scroll in e-com—Lady Beatrice on the dance floor was a nice touch.
quick question: since you're linking out to so many different tools like Kling, Zenrop, and your Discord, do you have a way to monitor if those links go dead? i’ve noticed Shopify-related affiliate links can be a bit glitchy with redirects sometimes.
  9. @atemafacnesley4358: Wow! Smooth play.. I am rating the result at 9.5/10
  10. @robeijunsoyos7835: ❤
  11. @Andyscottoncandyandcreations: Just two suggestions 
Number one 
Explain the video editing software 
I think you said kapka. Along with all these other sites I'm assuming there is a subscription fee for all of them. 

Secondly you're spending over $12,000 on advertising. 
Having a small business myself I think that's absolutely insane. 
 Your rate of return must be very low
  12. @davidnsan7882: bro I give you a 100% and he last video was hilarious 😂. im also looking forward to learn AI commercial videos
  13. @ashjawahir8737: Thank good sir for this detailed video lol
Your brain must be massive and full of knowledge 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  14. @jahangirakbar4524: In Zendrop prices are too high
  15. @wineponzwannabe: Love your humour and wit in the ending video
  16. @IsisMarques: The gentleman’s rendition at the end is a really great ad
  17. @NatashaShannon-fo6mk: This stuff looks fake..
  18. @SeanLazer: didn't there used to be laws against this
  19. @GetAClueMarketingShow: 🔎Great ai lesson! It is the future and the future is now! BWT, there's something about exploding broken glass, in the beginning of your product video, people may have a different impression than cool.
  20. @Mr_gaabi: I learnt a lot from this video ❤

- Ultra Simple YouTube Ad Script Formula (Winning Ads Every Time): Kind: captions Language: en what's up everyone my name is Marcus fadin and welcome to today's YouTube ads tutorial in today's tutorial we'll be discussing how to structure out your million dollar YouTube ad script I know that sounds super cliche but it's true and I'm not super creative with names and so yeah so basically what we'll do we're gonna jump straight into this I am going to show you exactly what is possible when you have a properly structured YouTube app this is Cal she runs a high ticket photography coaching program now she's been running ads for a very long time as you can see here she has between this just these two ads here she has eight million impressions and she's getting clicks for like 16 cents 18 cents with these two ads the loan she's easily made maybe half a million dollars just off these two ads and that's the ad spend of the 3 500 bucks now this is Dale Dale runs an investment High ticket investment coaching course the minimum price to join at is ten thousand dollars up until I think 35 37 000 around there they're happy with um lead up I think 200 leads we're getting them anywhere between 35 and like 101 dollars and super happens ads he's again he's been running all of his YouTube ads about uh was that two almost two and a half million impressions thirty thousand dollars on ad spend easily made Seven figures just with his YouTube ads again same structure I'm about to show you now this day Dan is a runs a solar business solar industry there Queensland um again see here these are his YouTube ads Rush rolling some remarketing here to kind of pump it up a little more over a million and a half some around there Impressions just on a lot of his ads twenty five thousand dollars I'll just on this one particular ad all right again he's getting leads for about a hundred dollars per conversion on the the front end with its cold more audience marketing and then with the retargeting getting him for 38 bucks again easily made over a million dollars just in the past Financial year just offers YouTube ads with this particular account this is Steve Steve runs a importing exporting coaching service type thing and uh we're getting leads for him again he spent easily easily a hundred thousand dollars I think all his ads see here yep 102 000 on all of his uh YouTube ads this one out alone has half a million impressions um spent eight thousand dollars total on it easy I think he's getting 20 times return 19 I think 19.7 to be honest on his YouTube ad spending okay again all these people are using the same exact structure that I'm about to show you all right so basically this is my million dollar YouTube ad script again I know it's cliche but I'm not very creative with names so I just going off the results this is basically this basically four main parts to a a YouTube ad structure okay the first one is the hook I'll Deep dive into each of these um shortly but the hook is basically it grabs attention right it goes for like five seconds or less right so you need to you know grab the attention of who you want to talk to okay who your target market is the next was the elevator pitch now the elevator pitch goes for about 25 to 25 seconds 30 seconds and in the elevator pitch this is where you want to give the benefits of watching the whole video watching your whole ad okay now at the end of the elevator pitch that's where you have like a mini call to action all right again I'll get into that in just a minute break it down for you then we have the storage so the story is where you where you educate you entertain and where you deliver the value you promised in the elevator pitch all right and the last but not least we have the clothes okay and the close is where you get them to take the desired action that you want which is usually click on the link below okay that's it do you want them to do all right so on a timeline to give you guys a bit more of a visual this is like the duration of your ad now your ad cannot go any longer than three minutes okay so this whole timeline needs to be less than three minutes or three minutes or below okay The Sweet Spot is between like a minute and a half and two minutes that's like the sweet spot all right so first five seconds you have the hook the next you know 25 seconds between five seconds 30 seconds this way you have your elevator pitch and when you have your first call to action okay this is where you have your story okay this is where you deliver values where you educate and then you have the close right now I know there's Five Arrows I know there's five arrows in it all the time but it's five seconds it's like end screen okay you don't have to have an end screen um it is it can be beneficial to have an end screen so if you have a really short ad just pop on the end screen there for like five ten seconds and it just gives some people some time to mull things over after they watch your ad okay instead of just ending straight away they have an end screen and they can kind of just process what they just saw so I know there's Five Arrows but there's the four main parts of these first four arrows okay I always get that all right so let's break down each of these sections and how they look okay so the hook so the hook needs to be no more than five seconds long all right because the reason why is because after five seconds they can skip the ad all right I mean I don't know how many times I've seen ads where they come up and it's of some beautiful scenery and some Dukes waffle on or something and I'm like dude who are you talking to who's your target market they need to be no longer than five seconds long all right now you need to call out in that five seconds you need to call out Julio Jr and Clyde is who your avatar is you know who do you want to click on that button either call them out because what that will do is that will separate the week from the chaff okay the queen from the crop okay otherwise you literally gonna be wasting a lot of money if you don't do this okay and it's gonna hurt your stats and Google's gonna punish you for it okay now here's some examples this is some some of my favorites that I use okay for some of my own stuff okay our Facebook ads turning your hair 50 Shades of Gray so in this example who like calling up I'm calling out people who are already spending money on Facebook and who are sick and tired we're getting very frustrated with Facebook okay this is one of my favorite favorite hooks okay and they're using this is usually a second part it says you know maybe Show YouTube ads so our Facebook ads turning your hair 50 Shades of Gray maybe you should try YouTube ads okay so I'm reaching out to the right people and I'm giving them the idea hey think about YouTube ads okay the next one is imagine if you only showed your ads to people that could afford your services okay so I'm talking to business owners and business owners who are struggling or made a struggling about who are maybe tired of talking to people that can't afford their services right because you can do YouTube ads you can only talk to people who can only afford the services wrong and the last one's a bit more broad um but you know want to know how YouTube ads can turn one dollar of marketing budget into three or even twenty dollars okay this is more broad this is targeted more for people who are thinking about running paid advertising or who are already running paid advertising so those are some examples of some of the hooks that that I use okay now next we have the elevator pitch now the elevator pitch basically explains what's in it for them what's in this video that's for them okay so basically in the next two minutes I'm gonna show you da right and usually what ends up happening is in those points you're addressing like a big benefit or you talk about some way of avoiding some kind of pain point that your avatar your target market may be having okay and also the eleven pitch also contains your first call to action that sells the click all right so for example okay let's face it female operate suck search ads super competitive and expensive and Facebook ads about a lot reliable as a politician's promise the good news is in this video I'm going to show you how you can use YouTube ads just like this one to turn one dollar of AD spend into three or even over twenty dollars and help your business grow to multiple six and set figures plus we'll show you how you can get 600 a free YouTube ads credit just for getting started becoming all this and more and our free YouTube ads prop masterclass you know to discover how this all can be accomplished click below to register the spot in the master class so a bit long-winded but this is the type of elevator pitch that all these other examples I showed you earlier they're using a very similar style structure for this okay so that's the elevator pitch all right now this is the story okay now the story is part where you deliver on the promise that you made in the elevator pitch okay this is where you deliver the education this is where you deliver the entertainment they talked about in the elevator pitch so for example hi I'm Mark svedine and I've helped my clients generate an additional six to seven figures in the business using simple YouTube ads just like this and let's head over to my computer not sure exactly how this all works and then what I usually do is I'll have like a PowerPoint presentation something's like like we're watching right now and I'll show them you know all the bits and pieces about huge pads and the targeting and yada yada yada and so that that's how the story worked okay all right so now we come to the close okay now a lot of people they slack up at the close and they get very sloppy with it okay very very bad idea okay you want to keep your clothes nice and tight all right so what you want to do is in the clothes you want to sell the click you want to sell the click all right and I'll show you how to do that in a second I right then you have a call to action okay so you saw the click tell them what to do okay and then you inform them on what to expect after they click all right so for example so if you're excited to discover how YouTube ads just like this one can turn one dollar ad spit into three or even over twenty dollars and help you generate an additional six or even seven figures plus get an additional six hundred dollars YouTube ads credit for free just click on the link below okay and you'll be taken to a page that looks like this where you can access the YouTube ads for profit masterclass and we look forward to seeing you there okay so you see how I'm selling the click there I'm not just saying oh so to access the master class just click on the link below to discover more about YouTube ads click on the link below okay boring all right no you want to get them excited about it you want to sell the click so if you want to generate this result if you want to see this result if you want to get this if you want to achieve that all right click on the link below and you'll be taken to a page that looks something like this okay where you can get started to achieving X result okay and look forward to seeing you there alright there's a huge difference there right so you need to have a nice tight close where you sell the click you give them a call to action and then you inform them of what they're going to be going to because they do not want surprises okay Court audiences cold traffic do not like surprises all right it's the best of the guys in a nutshell that's exactly how you want to have your YouTube ads structured and how you want to script the mail so you have the hook the elevator pitch the story and the close okay now to help you remember all this and keep you on track in the description below you will find my YouTube ad script resources okay it's gonna help there's a checklist in there there is a utepad structure template in there I think there's a couple other bits and pieces that will help you out as well okay but you can find all that in the link below um all you have to do is give it your name in the email I believe and then yeah you'll get you'll be able to uh get those resources 100 free um now guys if you like this video please subscribe uh like this video share this video um if there's anything more about YouTube that you want to know about leave a comment in the comment section below and then we'll start creating more content that's more Tethered to what you want and what you need anyways guys look thanks for watching the video and we'll see you in the next one foreign [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dan.buffington [2 likes]: Subscribed
  2. @marcussvedin [1 likes]: Want help? Book a free 45 minute consultation call by emailing me at Support@adforge.agency
  3. @vovaeven [1 likes]: 🙏🏼✅
  4. @AndrewTillmon: Subscribed! Great content Marcus.
  5. @StepByStepMusic: Very helpful.

- This Facebook Ads Strategy BLEW UP My Home Service Business (Copy Me): Kind: captions Language: en Most pest control or any service company don't think that Facebook ads work. They boosted posts. They pay for leads that never answered their phone. They spent money that they couldn't tie back to actually getting jobs on the schedule. So what do they do? They shut it off. And he said that Facebook ads just isn't for their service business. But want to know the truth? Facebook ads absolutely [music] work for pest control, lawn care companies, any service company, but only when you understand how to use them strategically. In this video, I'm breaking down exactly how we use Facebook ads, how to drive website traffic, phone calls, and jobs actually put on the schedule without burning through our budget. If you're running a pest control company or any other service business, and you want more predictable demand, then this video is for you. [music] Hey guys, my name is Jonathan. I'm the founder of Pest Budger. I've been in the service industry for 17 years, and over the past 5 years, we've scaled from one location to 17 locations across five states. I use this channel to share what's actually working for me and I wish my mentors would have documented their journey. So I'm documenting mine for you and hopefully this will help you guys grow your service company. As you guys know, I get to travel the country and I speak to hundreds of operators and I see the same thing and almost every time we sit down to go start growing through their ads. Uh they typically have no idea what type of lead they're actually buying or what lead they're supposed to use for their business. Facebook just doesn't hand you customers, but it gives you different types of intent, different strategies and awareness for every stage of your business. And once you understand the difference, everything else clicks. Facebook gives you a bunch of objectives. They give you engagement. They give you awareness, traffic, leads, sales, and app promotion. So, I'm going to give you the top three that we like to work with. The first one is website traffic. Basically, Facebook sends people to your website to learn more about your services. Uh, you guys have to remember that these are very low intent and that's okay because their cost per click or leads are pretty inexpensive. You talk about 20 to 30 cents. But just remember like you're typically not buying book jobs here. You're buying attention. You're getting all the data and for future opportunity. So, website traffic typically works best when you're going into a new market and you're trying to build brand awareness for your territory. uh you're kind of warming people up before they're even ready to buy. Again, you're just getting your name out there. But the biggest mistake that I see when people start running uh these objectives is people expect an immediate ROI from them for these traffic campaigns. And this is not the goal here. Uh website visitors feed your retargeting funnel, which is actually where you guys start to make money later on. But just remember, if your website's super slow or it's confusing, it doesn't have like a clear call to action or a lead form and it doesn't convert, then it doesn't matter how much traffic you get. So, make sure that, you know, I talked about this in a different YouTube video. Just make sure you have a high converting website that they can fill out lead form to contact you. So, that's the first one we like to talk about. Hold up, quick pause. If you're running a pest control company or fertilization weed control company, you're not in our Facebook group, you're choosing the harder path. every operator that's there skipping years of mistakes because people are actually sharing what's working right now. So stop trying to brute force your way through growth alone. Search Pest Control Millionaires on Facebook or click the link below. And now let's get back to it. The next one we like to use is the click to call ads. Basically someone goes into your ad, they click on the click now button or call now button and automatically calls your office. These are obviously very high intent leads cuz no one's going to call your pest control company for fun. Nobody's going to call your lawn care company to chat or to just find out pricing. That's typically what they're not calling for. They have a problem. They want it solved. With these leads, you're going to pay a little bit more for them because it's more higher intent. You're talking $15 to $40. And I've actually seen them high as $100. But once they get that high, I'd recommend shutting them off. But they work really good for rodent infestations, you know, was nest removals. You got termite concerns, e any basically any emergency pest uh situation. I've even work really good for grub damage. And some people when they have, you know, like army worms or really bad lawn disease outbreaks, these will work really, really good. So, this isn't my favorite type of ad to run in the busy season because most companies just don't have enough people in their office, especially just starting out uh to answer these calls. So, if you you're paying for these leads, you don't answer them, you try to come back the next day, it's just not going to work. So, you have to answer these calls within seconds. You have to have a simple competent sales script that I talked about a whole separate YouTube video that came out a few weeks ago. But if you treat uh these calls like your life depends on it and you answer it every single time, these will work very very good for your service company. [music] So the third type and my favorite is a lead form where basically they have a lead form on Facebook that they fill out that captures their name, phone number, email, and then even their service interest. You can put in there uh some questions in there to create some friction all without ever even leaving the platform which obviously Facebook likes. Um, I would say these are a little bit lower intent than calls, but they're still very, very scalable and predictable, which I like. And you're going to pay anywhere from, again, you know, 12 to 30 $40 for uh these leads as well. Uh, these are really, really good for uh, you know, quarterly pest control, anything reoccurring. Uh, mosquito is really good, ongoing fertilization, weed control programs, like I said, any reoccurring service, these are really, really good for. But lead forms reward one thing above anything else and that is speed dele. If you call within the first five minutes, you'll win. But as you wait an hour or the next day, the lead is already dead. And trying to follow up these people is almost impossible. You got to remember that they're on their phone when they fill out the lead form. So the best time to call them is obviously when they're on their phone. So to highlight the big takeaways that we just talked about is you don't have to just pick one. uh website traffic builds awareness and obviously creates your retarget audience. So when you're running ads later on, you can go to retargeting ad. You can pick last 30, 60, 90 days, whatever you pick um and start retargeting all those people to drive them towards your new um call to action to get them to sign up later on. A lot of times people have to see you up to 21 22 times before they ever buy from you. So, the more that you're in their face, whether it's every door direct mail, whether it's postcards, YouTube, Tik Tok, whatever, the more they see you, uh, you're retargeting them on Facebook, the better chance that they are going to buy from you. So, next, let's talk about creative, how to set these Facebook ads up. But first, you guys have to know that Facebook ads are interruption marketing. Uh, there people aren't actively searching for Pest Control or any other service company when they see your ad. They're scrolling through their feed. They're looking at, you know, vacation photos, memes, or whatever else they might be scrolling on Facebook for, but your ad has a job above anything else, and that's to get them to stop scrolling. If you don't grab their attention within the first two to three seconds, nothing else really even matters. Your offer doesn't matter. Your targeting doesn't matter. They're not jumping on Google saying pest control near me or putting in their problem that they're having. They're just aimlessly scrolling, basically wasting time, right? All right. So, here are the creatives that we like to use. Obviously, videos, pictures, before and afters, uh they work really, really well. So, with the video, you have your trucks, you have your technicians, you're out there doing the treatments. Basically, the movement is what stops people from scrolling, stops those thorns from scrolling. So, make sure you just get uh videos of your team spraying for mosquitoes, maybe have a technician taking down a wasp mask, putting down rodent bait boxes, anything like that. Uh before and after pictures work really good, too. So, if you have like ants in the kitchen, you see a trail of ants and then versus a clean kitchen, you have a a brown weed filled lawn and then also in a thick green weed-free lawn on the other side. Uh before and after pictures work really, really good. Obviously, they have to be strong um thumbnail style images. Make sure that just simple, clear, one message on them. Don't make it too wordy and make it short, simple, right? Uh it should also look like content and not look like an ad, right? So, make sure that you're just being very creative about this. It's not about being clear or cute or anything like that. It's just being uh interruptive and immediately get their attention and being immediately relevant. All right. So, now we have the single image, we have our video done. Now, we're going to need more the primary text uh message template and obviously your ad copy. And I'm going to give you the exact framework that I use for everything that I do. And this is very, very critical. But just remember that this doesn't only work for just Facebook. This works for every other platform too. So you have, you know, Facebook ads, Google ads, YouTube ads, every door direct mailers, postcards, door hangers, whatever you guys are doing for marketing. Uh the platform changes, but human psychology doesn't change. But here's the framework that I use for everything. So like I said, number one was the creative gets them to stop their attention. Two is a local call out. Uh this is where you just make it super personable. I could be like, "Hey, OKC homeowners," or, "Hey, Glennwick County," or, "Hey, specific neighborhood HOA homeowners." That way that they know, "Hey, this I live here and I'm a homeowner. This ad must be for me." Just make sure it's local. And you call that specific person out. Step number three is to put in their pain point, right? So, name the problem that they already know they're experiencing. Whether it's ants in the kitchen, mice in the garage, was messy by the back door, or weeds taking over the lawn. You guys are already servicing. you guys probably already have customers in these neighborhoods or in these cities. So, you already know what the issues are. Make sure when you're targeting these cities or neighborhoods that you're running the ad that the customers are already experienced with. So, like I said, one of your customers experienced ants the kitchen or multiple uh customers are experience with weeds in their lawn or specific weed at that time. Make sure you're using that ad to target that specific neighborhood and city. Next is your solution. Explain how you're going to solve that for them. You don't have to be super technical. Don't be super long. Don't need your whole process. Just enough to establish confidence that you'll control their issue. Step number five in the framework is why the customer should care. Answer the real question is why does it matter? Why does it matter? Now, obviously, it's safety for their kids, for their pets, protecting their most valuable asset, which is their home from damage, their shrubs, their bushes, um their lawn, whatever that thing is. Make sure give them a piece of mind. Um this is more emotional than it is technical, right? really really deep into why it dig into why it matters for the customer. All right, so step 5.5 is one of my favorites is make sure you're adding social proof to your ads, which is basically like a fivestar review. Uh, and to make it even better, if you can have a customer that's already in that neighborhood that is dealing with that specific pest. So, if you had mice in the garage and you had someone give you a fivestar review that lived in that same neighborhood that's having mice in the garage and how you solve it for them, that's the best social proof that you can put in your ad that will create a lot of confidence for the other homeowners and other neighborhood or other neighbors in that neighborhood. Step number six is just a clear CTA, which is a call to action. So, you're going to have one ad, one call to action, which is very simple, which is call now. Click the link below uh whatever that thing is, whatever the call to action is, but make sure in your uh copy above that when you write out the copy, one, don't make a copy super long. Two, make sure you have a clear call to action in the copy above. So, if you're writing out the copy to the right, say, "Hey, click the button below or click the button below to call now." Whatever that call to action is, make sure you have it in the copyrightiting as well. That way there's like no confusion and no multiple options, just one clear call to action that they have to do. Step number seven in the framework is a PS or a PSS. And this probably matters more than what you think. This is where your special offer lives where urgency is created or risk is removed. So PS, book this week uh and you get first treatment for 50% off or PS we only service your area until Friday. Or if you have a guarantee, you can put the guarantee in there as well. So, if the weeds come back, we'll come back out there for free, anything like that. But people will typically read the headline, they'll see the creative, and they'll drop right down to the PS. Um, so obviously having a PS or PSS is super important. Make sure you put that in there every single time. So, just remember that there's no perfect ad. The biggest thing you guys have to do is test, test, test, test, test. And this is where I actually see most people go wrong. They put up one ad copy with one creative and then they put it out there. They get it to run. Doesn't do very good and they just shut it off. So you need to test different creatives, different hooks, different offers, different local calls and obviously different call to actions and but use the same framework every single time. Then use multiple variations because uh different markets respond differently, different seasons respond differently, different services respond differently. Um so just make sure you're constantly testing. And the way that Facebook el algorithm works is obviously they want you to spend money on ads that are performing. So when you give it multiple variations, it automatically pushes the budget towards the one that's working. So it'll get engagement, it'll get clicks, it'll get conversions. Your job isn't to outsmart the algorithm. Your job is to give it options, let it optimize on its own. The algorithm picks the winner. then you can shut the other ones off and put more money behind that one and really keep pushing that thing and start scaling your ads forward. Inside of our Pest Control Millionaires program, we actually break down all this in detail. How to build the creative that actually converts, how to write copy that stops people from scrolling, how to structure and test ads without wasting a ton of money, and how to scale winners across all digital and print platforms. If you guys want our exact frameworks, testing structures, and execution playbooks built specifically for pest control, fertilization weed control, or any other service company, make sure to drop a comment below. It says Facebook ads. Hopefully, this video has helped you. Make sure to join our free Facebook group and I'll see you guys in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @Davidlachancellc [3 likes]: I love watching it as a new agency owner dealing with painters and local contractors to help them book more residential and commercial jobs. This video was on point
  2. @GuaranteedPPC [2 likes]: You have to be prepared to call leads within a couple of minutes if you want Facebook Ads to work nowadays.  Otherwise when you call, they won't recognize your number and just won't answer.  So I agree.
  3. @pestcontrolmillionaire: Are you a pest control owner looking to grow? Join Our Facebook Group with 2,000+ Members: https://www.facebook.com/groups/pestcontrolmillionaires
  4. @GYLTLLC: Great info, thank you!
  5. @Fitcameraguy: Thank you for sharing this man! God Bless.
  6. @TahaFarooq-g5y: Instead of doing all these things like calling back to the lead asap and following up with them manually, why not you implement ai voice and chat agents that will do all of your work , just curious about that let me know?
  7. @TheMattyCartwright: Awesome video, thanks for putting your own ad examples in there, no gimmicks advice -- appreciate that
  8. @TorqC69: Why is everyone just copy pasting Hormazi strategies and langauge now? Literally every 3rd marketing video is "i learnt this from Hormozi but ill just repeat it back as my own knowledge"
  9. @WilAlvarezOnlineMarketing: Facebook Ads... Great video
  10. @_wavey_t: Create information 👏🏽
  11. @shawnawan8716: Great video! Thanks
  12. @Sam.co17: They tryna frame the dude wit infinite iframes lmaoo im crine they keep trine
  13. @TPK-t3s: facebook ads
  14. @LuisVargas-tp7bg: Just found your stuff today! Please Lee on giving this info..I’m planning on starting a pest control in my area. God Bless!
  15. @LloydReardon: Have you tested your website instant quote its 10 minutes later the system is still saying a few seconds more

- How I Run Facebook Ads for Car Detailing in 2026 (NEW STRATEGY): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you exactly [music] how to run Facebook ads for your car detailing business step by step. I'm going to show you exactly how to create the campaign itself. [music] How to avoid the biggest mistake that most car detailing business make when it comes to Facebook ads. And also, I'm going to show you the exact type of images that are working right now [music] for car detailing that are stopping that doom scroll. And also the fancy words that are actually on the ad that convince the clients to getting a quote and [music] booking in with you. And an extra bonus thing is I'm going to teach you exactly how to set up your instant forms so [music] you get high quality leads. Okay, now without further ado, let's dive into the video. Don't skip [music] anything because you don't want to miss anything important. Let's jump in. So the very first thing you want to do is start [music] off in Meta Ads Manager. Okay, so as you can see up here, here's the URL, ads manager. Facebook. Now we're going to go straight to the big old green button that says create. [music] We're going to tap on this. And the type of objective that we want is going to be leads because we want people to fill out our instant [music] forms or land on our website, fill out our forms there. Okay. Now, we're going to tap on continue. So, right here on the lefth hand side, you can see we've got three different levels. The campaign level, the adset [music] level, and the ad level, right? I'm going to break down what each of these actually are. So, the campaign level is mainly about just putting in your budget. I always put my budget at the campaign level. Like here, I never put it in the adset, right? And then the adset level is about actually picking the conversion location, whether you want it to happen on your [music] website or an instant form, and also picking the actual page that you want to run ads for. [music] And also the targeting location, so you can target all of the areas where you want your ads to show up. [music] And then we have the actual ad level, which is this one here, which is just creating the actual ad. So creating the image, the words on the ad, the headlines, the call to actions, and also the instant form where you actually build it out. All right, now that you know that, let's dive into the campaign [music] level. So, the very first thing we want to do here is just put in a good budget. I recommend $50 to $100 per day [music] if you're living in Australia, $35 to $70 per day if you live in the United [music] States, and then $25 to $50 per day if you live in the UK. All right, now that we're done that, we're going to tap on next. Now, we're in the adset level. What I recommend doing is just putting in your conversion location like this. I go straight down to instant forms. [music] I personally find these are the best ones. Uh, just pick your page here. Keep the performance goal on maximize number of leads. This is way cheaper than maximize number of conversion leads. And as long as you set up your instant form the way that I'm going to show you in this video with qualifying questions in it, so you only get high quality leads, you [music] don't need to spend that extra money on getting conversion focused leads. All right, to dumb it down, you're going to get more leads than if you had this on maximize number of conversion leads for cheaper as well, but you're going to get the same quality [music] leads. All right. Now, what we're going to do now is scroll down and we're going to put in our audience location. So, let's [music] tap on this little pencil here and tap on this little arrow. So, it brings us down. What we want to do is just type in one of the suburbs or towns that we service. Right. So, I'm just going to type in Chadston. And as you can see, it's right here. So, I'm just going to tap on it and it's going to take me directly there on the map. Now, what we want to do is just drop a massive pin like this. Bang. Now, you can increase or decrease this to [music] be as big as you want it. So, just say we go this far, right? You probably don't because it's a little bit too much driving, but just for this example, [music] let's just keep it there. All right. What you want to do now is probably one of the biggest mistakes that most new advertisers make when it comes to running [music] Facebook ads is they don't put in exclusion zones. And half the YouTube gurus out here don't actually teach you to do this. I don't [music] know why, but they never seem to do it. So, what you want to do is tap on drop pin and then just drop another pin outside of your targeting location. Now, what you want to do with this pin is just tap on it again and then [music] just go over to exclude. This just makes sure Facebook ads won't show your ads or images out in this area. [music] Okay, so what you want to do is just keep plopping these all around the actual targeting zone like this. Now, it is a little bit of a hassle. I'm not going to lie to you. It does take a little bit of time, but [music] it will save you a lot of money. And if you care about saving your money, then you should probably do this. All right, so bang. This is what it's looking like right now. I would just suggest putting these circles all the way around. Obviously, I'm not going to bother cuz this is just a demonstration ad so you can learn exactly how to do this [music] for yourself. But look, if you do want that unfair advantage in your business, I do have a link straight down the description to my advertising course where I teach you everything I know about Facebook ads, Google ads, and automating your entire [music] business. If you want it, go check it out. Links in the description. So, what we're going to do now is we're just going to scroll down. We're not going to suggest an audience or anything else here. We're just going to go to next. Now, [music] we're in the ad level, right? the level where we create the thing that people see when they're doomed [music] scrolling Facebook after work or whatever time it is in the day and they hate their life because they're just doom scrolling Facebook because they're addicted to it. Okay, this is where we create the thing that stops them in their tracks and they go and get a quote from us or they book in whatever. All right, so what we're going to do is go to ad setup and select single image or video ad and then we're going to scroll down to ad creative and we're going to tap on setup ad creative and tap on image ad. So I've created one of my ads here. We're just going to select this one. And it's a nice before and after photo. Make sure to keep all of these on original. It doesn't matter if you get this warning. This is not an issue. Okay, it's still going to show them. It's still definitely going to show it here. Not as much here, but nobody cares about this placement anyway. It's not really going to get you any work. This is just one of the images that I've created in [music] my templates. By the way, there's a link down the description. If you want them, you can get them as well. Super cheap. Um, so for this area here, I'm not going to put in anything [music] right now because I want to actually see it on the ad. I just don't like filling it out in this area. So, we're going to tap on next. Now, AI is going to give you some random [music] generated photos. Um, if they're good, sure, use them. Right now, they're pretty So, I wouldn't waste any time on these cuz [music] I mean, this is meant to be before and after, but it just looks clean the whole time. Don't know who the this guy is. And like, it just doesn't make any sense any of these because, [music] as you can see, they're meant to be before and afters. And like what? He's beforehand he was looking this way. Now he's looking this like I [music] don't know. Stupid. Anyway, so we're just going to tap on next because our photo is actually elite and those ones suck. So for everything here with enhancements, I keep all of these off and the only ones I like to keep on is overlays, visual touch-ups, music, and also add animation. Really depends on the mood. Sometimes I take it off, but I feel like it stops the scroll a little bit. As you can see with visual touch-ups, it does this nice thing where it extends the photo. If you remember over here where it was crop, it's like, "Oh, this isn't going to show up and look good or whatever, whatever it says, right?" It doesn't matter because with the visual [music] touch-ups, it actually enhances the image like I was just showing you before where it [music] like drags it out and makes it longer. All right, so what we're going to do now is tap on done. Now, let's start putting in the words on the ad. So, we're going to start off with primary text, which is the text at the very top. You want this to be big [music] and just give a lot of sales copy. Like, just sell them on it. Don't give some short area. You're paying for your ads to appear to thousands [music] of people. Make sure you have a large amount of ad copy here. you know, you want as much chance to [music] sell them as you can. All right, so bang. Here's some of my ad copy. This is a typical type of ad copy that works really well with car detailing. Feel free to go through, get some great insight from it and understand why it works. But I'm going to leave this on screen for a couple of seconds so you know you can [music] pause it and read it. But now we're going to dive past over to the headlines and we're just going to make our headline right now. So bang, here's the headline that I've just put in. [music] Full interior car detailing, we come to you. All right, that's an absolute banger of a headline. And we're just going to put in our description real quick. For the descriptions, you want to make these social proof related. So, just really pushing on the edge of the actual reviews that I've got. So, it's 289 five-star Google reviews. All right. So, you can't see the description properly right under here. Obviously, because [music] this is a mobile phone ad. Now, if somebody was looking at this on their iPhone, obviously the bigger screens, you would be able to see it. Or if they looking at this ad on their laptop or their tablet or anything like that, they would definitely [music] be able to see the full ad anyway. But that doesn't matter too much regardless. The main thing [music] that matters is this headline here. Now for the call to action, we're just going to have this as get offer. All right. So now what we need to do is go and actually start building out the instant [music] form. So we're going to scroll up to destination right here and we're going to tap on create form. So I'm going to speedun [music] you through actually making this. So we're going to keep this on more volume sharing settings open. We're just going to remove flexible delivery. We're going to tap on next. We're going to remove the greeting cuz it's just a bloody waste of time. Don't even bother with it. And then we're going to add in multiple different questions. Now, I'm not going to give you all the questions here. [music] This is for you and your business. Obviously, you know what you want to ask the customer before you know you give them a quote or anything like that. But just put in your questions here. Like, what type of car do you have? SUV, sedan, da da da da. You get the point, right? You you [music] ask the question here, they give the answers, and they can just tap on whichever answer it is. I recommend adding in three to four different questions here because it will qualify them as a real lead [music] because anyone who goes through your form, they're not going to waste their time going through answering all these questions when they don't want to quote or they don't want to book in. Okay, but there is one particular question that I do recommend to you is going over here and going short answer, making this a minimum of five [music] to 20 and then just saying what is your phone number? All right, just like this. This way they will manually type out their phone number [music] here and it will severely reduce you getting dud leads at all. Because a lot of people who run Facebook [music] ads, they get dud leads and they complain, oh, you know, they didn't answer the phone or anything like that. This stops that issue because we're going to be getting, make sure you untick this as optional, by the way. We're going to be getting their full [music] name, email, and phone number, but we're getting their phone number twice, right? We're getting it from the actual question that we put in beforehand, and then we're getting it here as well. >> [music] >> Now, the reason why I tell you to have two different areas is just because in this area here in the contact information, when they fill out their details here, it will automatically fill out most of it. Okay? Because Facebook obviously knows their name, their number, their email, and whatever, right? But if they signed up to Facebook with an old phone [music] number years ago, it'll plug in their old number here, and then you'll get the lead, try call them up, nobody answers, and you'll be like, "What the Facebook doesn't work." This way you know for sure that you got 100% the correct phone number. Okay. So now what we want to do here is just add in anything extra. So if you're mobile car detailing obviously you'd want their street address. So you'd want to drive to their house so [music] you can you know do it for them. And then after you add that in just tap on next. You can remove the privacy policy or add just a link to your website because it should have a privacy policy there. For this example I'm just going to remove it. We're going to tap on next. [music] And now you just want to keep this as thanks, you're all set. You can receive contact from us within the next however long it should take for you to contact them. All right. Now you can have this on call business as the additional actions. So they can call you straight away or you can have this as go to website or an actual booking page. If you have an area where they can literally just book in a time with you already, you know, pay a deposit or whatever. I recommend obviously sending them to that page. They can book into your schedule and everything [music] like that. But if you don't obviously just use one of these different actions like call business or you know go to website and see the reviews or whatever anyway because you've already got their details already. Then all you do is just tap on create form. And now all you need to do is just tap on publish. [music] Now I do recommend that you do multiple different tests so you have multiple different ads in here. [music] Anywhere from 1 to five, not just one ad. But obviously I'm just showing you one ad for this example. But look guys, if you did enjoy this video, please smash like on it. And also, if you want that advertising course, it's linked straight down the description. You'll never regret it because you'll make a ridiculous [music] amount of money for your business. It will save you all the trial and error when it comes to Facebook ads and spending money on ads that just don't work. I'll teach you everything. All right, so if you want it, go get it. But see you later. [music] >> That's

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @BenyRok_: your funny af bro, and thanks for the tutorial meta ads are weird
  3. @syednasheeds: Hi friend Can I set lead campaign to Messages instead of a Lead Form?
  4. @PeterJuniorr: How profitable ist this niche? You think it is good to get clients here?

- How to Use the Facebook Ads Library for Your Business (Step-by-Step Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en - If you're running Facebook Ads and not using this tool, you are throwing money away. There's this free tool that lets you see exactly what's working for your competitors, so you can steal their best ad strategies, ethically, of course, and start running higher converting ads without wasting your budget on testing. It's called the Facebook Ads Library, and I'm gonna show you step by step how to use it to find winning ads, analyze competitor strategies, and craft better performing ads for your business. But, before you even start researching competitors, there is one crucial step most people skip, and if you skip it, your ads won't convert anyway. I'll explain what it is in just a second, but, first, let me show you why the Facebook Ads Library is the ultimate competitive advantage. (techno upbeat music) What if you could instantly see the exact ads that your competitors are running? That's what the Facebook Ads Library lets you do. It's this free tool from Meta, you may also see it called the Meta Ads Library, that lets you search, view, and analyze ads running across Facebook and Instagram. So, instead of guessing what works, you can see what successful brands in your niche are already spending money on, the ad styles, images, and copy that actually convert. But here's the thing; even the best ads won't work if your business isn't set up properly on Meta. So before you start make sure your business page, your organic strategy, and ad set up are solid. That's where the "Marketer's Guide to Meta" comes in. It is a step-by-step playbook that walks you through setting up your business, growing organically, and running profitable ads without wasting budget on trial and error. And the best part, it's completely free. I've linked it below, so go grab it now, because it goes hand-in-hand with this video. Now that you're set up for success, let's dive into how to actually use the Facebook Ads Library like a pro. So let's pull up the Ads Library together and check out some real examples. So this is the Facebook Ads Library. Here, you can filter by country to see what ads are running in your target market. You can either search by keyword, industry, or you can see what ads specific companies are running. For example, if you wanna see how companies are getting email signups, you can search email newsletter. (mellow orchestral upbeat music) Or, if you're in Software as a Service, you can search SaaS, and see what comes up. Or you can filter by company. So let's search HubSpot and find their official Facebook page and see what ads they're running. (mellow orchestral music) Now, if you've been using the Ads Library but not doing this, you're probably missing out on the best insights. So over under the Filter option here, you can filter by the language where the ad is running, what type of media the ad is, and what's really cool is you can look at active versus inactive ads. Here's a little tip. If an ad has been running for months, it's likely a winner. All right, quick checkpoint, have you actually used the Facebook Ads Library before? Type "Yes" in the comments if you have or "No" if this is your first time seeing it. All right, now that we've pulled up the Ads Library, how do you actually analyze what's working? (mellow tranquil upbeat music) You think you know what works in ads, but can you actually spot the difference between a successful ad and a failing ad? Most people just scroll through the Ads Library without actually understanding what makes an ad successful. So, here's what to look for. How long has the ad been running? If an ad has been running for months, it is likely a high performer. Brands don't waste money on bad ads. What type of creative do they use? Videos tend to get higher engagement than static images, but carousels are great for showcasing multiple products. What's the call to action? Are they using Shop now, Sign up, or Learn more? If multiple brands in your industry are using the same CTA, it works. And if you see an ad that you like, you can click on it and even get more insights about it, like what texts they're using, or where they're directing the viewer to. It's pretty cool, right? By the way, if this video is helping you out, I would love it if you would give it a thumbs up to let me know. Also, feel free to Subscribe to this channel. My name is Bridget, this channel is called HubSpot Marketing, and we are breaking down the most up to date digital marketing strategies every single week, and I'd love to see you back here next week. Now, what if you wanna use Facebook Ads Library, but you don't have any direct competitors running ads? Don't worry, I've got a trick for you. (intriguing upbeat music) If no one in your niche is running ads, here's how to still get valuable insights. Look at big brands in similar industries. For example, if you sell handmade jewelry, check out Mejuri, or, if you own a local gym, look at how global fitness brands like F45 structure their ads. We're about to talk about how to take what's working for them and adapt it for your business, but, before you start applying these insights, make sure that you have a solid paid advertising strategy in place. If you want a seven step walkthrough of how to create a Facebook and Instagram ad strategy, check out Chapter Four of the "Marketer's Guide to Meta," that's that free guide that I linked in the description. So I've showed you how to find competitor ads, now let's take it a step further and turn that research into your best-performing ad. (tranquil upbeat music) It's one thing to see what competitors are doing, but the real power comes from adapting those strategies to your brand. There are five steps to this, and stick around for number five, because it is the number one mistake people make with Facebook Ads that costs them thousands. Step one is to reverse engineer high-performing ads. If you see an ad that's getting a ton of engagement, don't just copy it, recreate the formula, so it works for your audience. To do this, you'll want to look for common patterns across multiple ads. Look at their storytelling. Are they using a personal story or an emotional hook? Look at their social proof. Are testimonials, reviews, or influencer endorsements driving engagement? Are they creating urgency by running limited-time offers, or countdowns, or flash sales? What creatives are they using, videos, static images, or carousels? Which one is performing the best? Once you spot the patterns, use them as your blueprint for your ads. Step two is to steal the framework, not the exact ad. If a competitor is offering free shipping today, try a similar incentive, but make it your own. If they're using a customer testimonial ad, run your own with real customer reviews or user-generated content. If their ad is all about lifestyle imagery, test a similar aspirational tone that works for your audience. Step three is to test similar creative styles. If video ads are dominating in your industry, don't just run static images. Test different video styles like short-form TikTok style content, or behind-the-scenes brand moments, or quick explainer videos. Step four is to adapt your call to action strategy. Are most brands using Shop Now or Sign Up? Are they using conversational call to actions like "DM us to learn more?" Are they running lead gen forms instead of sending people to a website? however, instead of just copying their CTA, make sure to A/B test different CTA buttons to measure what gets you the best conversion rates. And step five, don't ignore AI. This mistake can cost you thousands. Instead of guessing what works, let AI do the heavy lifting. Meta's Advantage+ campaigns will test multiple versions of your ad simultaneously and can identify which audiences engage best. And what's really cool is that it'll automatically shift your budget to what's working, saving you time and money. Now that you know how to research your competitor's ads, analyze them, and apply what you've learned, you need a solid strategy to make sure that your ads actually convert. So download the free "Marketer's Guide to Meta" linked below for step-by-step frameworks on optimizing your ad campaigns. It'll take you from beginner to pro faster than trial and error. Next, it's time to test your own winning ad. I'm gonna link a video right after this where I'll show you how to A/B test your Facebook Ads to find what actually works. Now, before you go, don't forget to give this video a like and consider subscribing to this channel for more digital marketing strategies every single week. Thanks so much for hanging out with me. My name is Bridget O'Rourke, and I will see you next time. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nesmahossam3977 [4 likes]: I have been noticing recently that the filter “active ads” is not working properly lately. If the competitor turns off an ad it won’t appear whatever filter you have on
  2. @HubSpotMarketing [3 likes]: Discover How the TOP 1% of Marketers Spy on Competitors' Facebook Ads (Without Spending a Dime)... Click Here: https://clickhubspot.com/zjst
  3. @jazminmorenoyah306 [1 likes]: Gracias por la información , es de mucha ayuda :)
  4. @Tres_shic: Cant find add library
  5. @CormoDigital: yes
  6. @tekniksan: Te bu yawrak kafalılar bile yayın yapıyorsa youtube da video üretiyor biz niye yapamıyoruz
:D
  7. @Pooja-v7n2z: No, First time
  8. @marnybassett8713: Can CoPilot do most of this?
  9. @venkatraman_padmanaban: Yes
  10. @ZoranT-l4n: No until now
  11. @YatiCloud: ethically of course remind me of network chunk
  12. @Savvygranny.net63: not yet. I want to learn.
  13. @theactnetwork: No, I just heard about it.
  14. @elevatedmind787: Yes
  15. @noluthandomnguni: This is my first learning about Facebook Ads Library. Very helpful.
  16. @optimuskraft: No it’s my first time
  17. @SAArcher: No
  18. @AdilGemsSwat: no
  19. @PopCrazeTreasure: Yes
  20. @SiamRabbani: Yes!

- 3 Ways To Target Your Ideal Audience In 2025 With Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en three ways to Target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025 and which one is my favorite for scaling e-commerce clients to million dollar months the first way to Target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025 is by leveraging interests this is where you basically just go and select a interest a behavior a job title and what Facebook will do is take that and then go and find people that fit that particular interest Behavior or job title this is pretty cool because it allows you to put your ad creatives directly in front of people that are most likely to buy based off the interest they have and how it's related to your product now a couple cons to this is that Facebook is starting to move away from interests behaviors and job titles also too they even added in something called audience expansion which used to be something that you would have to turn on but now it's something that's Auto on all this means is that Facebook can have the option now of using that interest you gave it or go find its own people it wants to Target now the next way to Target your ideal audience with Facebook ads in 2025 is by leveraging lookalikes this is basically where you give Facebook a list of your customers and Facebook can go build a list of people that look just like those people this is a great way to find your ideal customer very fast with Facebook ads now it does have a couple different cons first con is that this only works when you have data so if you're someone just starting out and just starting get first couple sales like this won't be applicable to you until you start having at least 500 to 1,000 cells that Facebook can pull from the other thing is that there's too many variables when it comes down to look likes there's different time frames of lookalikes you can do purchase you can do website visitors you can do engagement there's a lot of different types of look likes you can create and it can be very overwhelming for someone starting out to understand what exactly they want to do with a lookalike lookalikes also have very low scalability I don't think I've ever crossed $1,000 a day in ad spin with look likes before now the next one is Broad targeting and Broad targeting works by just simply selecting the age the gender and the location of your ideal customer if you are targeting Countrywide you'll select the country if maybe you're a little Mom and Pop Shop you'll select just that City or that radius and then if you know for a fact you only serve female customers you would select female if you know for a fact your product is only for 60 plus people then would only target 60 plus we wouldn't include any interest and we would not include any look likes here this means there's a lot less to worry about a lot less to manage on a daily basis and less decisions you have to make inside of the ad accounts it also gives us our highest scalability when we're working with a client one of the biggest Cons with broad targeting is that it puts all of the pressure now on your creatives if your creatives do not appeal to your ideal audience then you will not see the greatest results so you have to have dialed in Facebook ad creatives that attract your ideal customer to be able to scale with broad targeting now after scaling multiple clients to million doll months and running Facebook ads for over 10 years which targeting method is my favorite in goto for 2025 for me personally it's going to be broad targeting it's exclusively what I've only used now for the last three years running Facebook ads and all of my biggest success stories has used broad targeting and if you're just starting out with Facebook ads we've also used this for starting accounts from scratch in the beginning you don't have a lot of money and budget to test different look likes and interests and stuff like that so all your budget needs to be put to better creatives and that's what gives us our best scalability for an account even at scratch this allows us to put all of our Focus whether it's a small account or a large account on better creatives and allows us to to get the best possible performance with Facebook ads interests are starting to be faded away and Facebook is pushing for broad targeting if you look at it from a local like perspective Facebook algorithm is always getting better people are constantly purchasing from you Facebook's automatically going to try to find more people like that so when I select purchase Facebook goes find people that's going to purchase and based off as I get data and people buying it's going to keep trying to find more people like that so it almost works just like a look likee audience anyway now I'm curious which one do you like and why drop a comment below and if you enjoyed this video hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and my name is nario talk to you guys later peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavonValverde [3 likes]: I sell sports bras, and Facebook keeps taking my ads to advantage plus detailed which keeps showing my ads to men, and they keep targeting 75% men its crazy and not effective at all.
  2. @TyCohen [3 likes]: Man, this is a great video straight to the point no extra talking, etc. good job
  3. @NickTheriot [1 likes]: 🏆 Have Nick Theriot Run Your Ads: https://www.theriotsolutions.com

💰 Have Nick Theriot Mentor You: https://theriotsolutions.com/innercircle
  4. @LiyahThrones [1 likes]: Why does Instagram always give me old men from my ads when I set my audience to be women music artists who are into spirituality and wellness age 25-38 😭😭😭😭
  5. @zuncivimetg [1 likes]: Really liked the point about using detailed audience insights to refine targeting—I've been struggling with getting consistent results on Facebook Ads. Do you think interest-based targeting will still be effective in 2025 considering all the privacy changes?
  6. @मोतीलालताम्हणकर [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  7. @bearsloth1662 [1 likes]: What You don't mention is you need ad manager and not ads centre.
  8. @FadiAldalati-v2r [1 likes]: Danke, das war wirklich interessant
  9. @jasonzimmerman8415 [1 likes]: I use FB ads just to drive traffic to our brick & mortar store. Would the same advice as you give in this video apply?
  10. @altonfarmer260 [1 likes]: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  11. @chelseahodges2897 [1 likes]: No water, fast! Way to go.
  12. @cyd_notter [1 likes]: Is there some way to select more specific interests, such as people of a certain faith?
  13. @stacysmith-k6c [1 likes]: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  14. @GeraldOliver-m7t [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  15. @alinalina80201 [1 likes]: I just launched a small business selling premium/luxury silk scarves. Does broad targeting also make sense for higher priced items like silk scarves?
  16. @savannahtykledoux8302 [1 likes]: These are great ways to better target audience on Facebook, I think broad targeting is great, even researching your industry more on social media will help find more specific ways to target and create better content for your audiences.
  17. @LaurieJohnson-f5e [1 likes]: Really insightful video, Nick! The shift towards broad targeting makes sense, but I'm curious, how do you balance that with ensuring ad relevance for the user experience?
  18. @JenniferLatte [1 likes]: Really appreciate the insights on adapting to the evolving ad landscape. Considering the increasing reliance on broad targeting, what are your thoughts on the role of dynamic creative optimization in maximizing campaign performance and reaching the ideal audience?
  19. @ImprimeLOve [1 likes]: Wonderful, thank you.
  20. @namansangwan5675 [1 likes]: i host bollywood nightclub events in different city, for my ads how many interests should I add or should I just add the local radius and age? please help me I am stuck

- How To Target Competitors Audience On Facebook (2026) Step By Step Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone I am Bry and today I am going to explain to you how to Target competitors audiences on Facebook so make sure to stick around till the very end to discover the steps required to effectively reach and engage with your competitor's [Music] [Applause] audience the key tool we'll use is the meta ad Library which is super effective for finding all the ads currently running on meta Technologies to get started open The Meta ad Library it is the best tool to search for ads once you are there use keywords to find specific advertisements here is a quick walkr set your location choose and add category and select your search types for example I will search for ads in all countries and under the food category once you have filtered the ads you can explore and check out your competitors now let us say we are curious about BuzzFeed food by clicking on their profile you can see if they are currently running any ads if they are you can go to their pages on Facebook Facebook and Instagram to learn more about their strategies this is a simple way to track your competitors and gather insights into advertising approach if you want to know whether a particular Instagram account is running ads you can copy the link and paste it here for example let us make it simpler by searching for something like Universal Google by searching this phrase you will get various results and in this case results are from Universal Pictures now click on a relevant result to check out their ads you will see multiple versions each with different creative content and text scroll down to find the one that suits your needs for example let us continue with this one click on see ad details to get more information about the ad such as the name of the person or entity behind it you will also get to see the images and videos you might find multiple versions of the same ad so explore them to understand your competitions advertising strategies better this method allows you to analyze and track your competitors's ads to make good decisions about your advertising approach now I am going to narrow down my search to something more specific instead of looking at ads globally I will focus on ads only in Mexico let us go back to the all ads section and select Mexico as the location this time I will pick a specific ad category and for this example let us choose Universal Pictures upon focusing on Mexico we can see there are less than 43 results for January these are the actual links to the ads showing what my competition is up to each entry provides details like the amount spent Impressions runs and more now let us check out the ad details you can add additional information and the actual link the main part here is the photos which you can give insights into the visual aspects of the ads ignore the terms of view section it is not important for our analysis just f focus on the upper side to get valuable information about what your competition is doing in Mexico now let us go back and see ad Library report the ad Library report provides more insights into the reporting aspects of the specific application you are interested in you can choose your preferred country from the top from here you can also choose the time frame to see data of your preferred time you can also look at data for the last 7 days and the last 90 days in my search for an advertis I am specifically looking for Universal the ad Library report shows a detailed spending tracker for their ads including the amount spent the number of ads in the library and additional information examining the last 90 days it shows a substantial spending amount nearly a million nearly a million indicating a good amount of investment the geographical Focus includes locations like Mexico Puebla Morelos and halisco now let us select the location United States as you can see there are over 50 million total ads in the library on scrolling down you will get to see main investors this information is important for tracking your competitors and understanding their strategies checking what works for others is good but I need to see if it will work for me too for example looking at the data from the last 7 days I see goo de estado spent a lot almost half a million dollars on many ads this detailed info helps me understand advertising better and make better choices for my ads so I will click here to see the ads of this user and understand their strategies it seems they focus on things like social issues elections and politics which may not match with my interests but let us see what they are doing the ads have been running until January and they get details like the platforms used estimated audience size daily spending total Impressions and a unique ID for each ad also we can see the actual ad this helps you keep an eye on what your competition is doing and see if it works for them there are filters at the top which are like tools to check different things like languages platforms media types and more this helps you to find changes you might need for your ads on Facebook meta later you can use these ideas from your competitors for your own business there is an option to explore the ad Library API for a fans features but we won't get into that but we won't go into that now because it involves complicated things like coding so using the ad library and its reports is a practical way to learn from others and improve your ads on that note that will be it for this video I hope you guys got some value thank you for watching see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @kawanib8719 [2 likes]: google video but the title has nothing to do with the video at all. i thought it was targeting a fb group, followers, etc
  2. @Hi03127: This video helped me to waste my time
  3. @siham.salleh: Where's the targeting?!!
  4. @AntonPavlov-e4y6m: This helped me create content that resonates with both new followers and loyal customers. It’s all about speaking to different needs.
  5. @juannarcoss: any way of getting competitor's ad URL? not the url to their website, the url to the actual ad on the feed.
  6. @JoeNahme: you should use an AI voice, you would get more views.

- Spy On Competitors Facebook Ads For FREE: Kind: captions Language: en I told you that you can see exactly which ads are working for your competitors and copy their success. It's not illegal and it's not even a secret. But this tool is 100% public and free and most marketers and businesses are totally sleeping on it. Today I'm showing you how to use the Facebook ads library to ethically spy on your competitors and steal their best strategies to create high performing ads that convert. Stick around till the end because I'm going to reveal a strategy that most people completely overlook when analyzing competitor ads. So, what you want to do is you want to go to Google and look up Facebook ad library, right? Click this link here. And what you can do in this ad library is you can look up industries, competitors, businesses that you're interested in. So, if I if I go here and let's just say I'm interested in people who are running ads for newsletters, for example, right? I'm just going to type in the keyword newsletter. We have 11,000 results here. You can see for this specific ad, it started running on March 21st. It's been active for one hour. It's on Facebook, Instagram, the audience network. Here's the copy, the business. Here's where they're sending traffic to sign up. And I can click see ad details to get a more in-depth view here. And what's really cool is I can hover over this business and I can click on view ads. Right? When I click on view ads, I can then go see all of the ads that this business is running. Right? And this is how you can reverse engineer all your competitor's ads and try to either replicate what's working or what's not working. And then you may ask, how do I even know if something's even working for them? Right? One way you can tell, and this isn't a 100% way, but one way you can tell is if they're running their ads for a long time, right? So, let's just look up fitness coach for example as a keyword. I'm going to look up fitness coach here. And we'll see that this ad started running on March 4th, March 10th, these are all pretty recent ads. But if I were to see an ad that's been running for the last 6 months, the last four months, the last 12 months, that's a good indicator that that ad is probably performing. If they haven't turned it off, then most likely it's providing some type of results, right? Some quick things to to look at is what does the copy look like? What does the headline here look like? And one of the biggest ones is what is the call to action. So when I click this button here, learn more, where are they sending traffic to, right? And then you can go and reverse engineer their landing page, right? So, looks like this company is sending traffic here to book a call, right? So, then let's go back here. So, some of the most important things I'll look at is I'll look at the that business's ads, where they're sending traffic to the copy, the creative, what it looks like. If I click see ad details, you can learn more about the advertiser here. Here's a secret pro tip to use AI to reverse engineer these video ads. So, one thing you can even do is you can click here, go to inspect, and then I'm going to click this button here, right? Click this little button, select an element, and I learned this from my software engineering background how to do these things, right? So, you can inspect this element here. I'm going to drag this here. you're going to find a link. This is the video link for this ad. I'm going to copy that. I'm going to go here and I'm going to copy that link. Now, what I could do is I can download this video. So, this is a VSSL style video, talking head video. I can download this video and then I can go to something called Riverside, transcribe this video for free. I can download that video, transcribe it here, and then use that transcription with AI, use that transcription with something like ChateBT, and come up with new angles and new ideas based on that video ad transcription. So, that's another little pro tip on how you can reverse engineer other competitor ad. And the last thing I just want to touch on is you can even just directly look up a business. So, if I look up Nike, it's not only keywords. I can look up Nike, right? You can search the exact phrase or I can go in here and let's just look at Nike here, right? So, I'm going to click on Nike and I can see which ads Nike are running. So, they have 520 ads here running for their shoes. they have from statics to UGC to videos, right? And then another key thing with ads is you you want creative diversification, right? You want to diversify your ads. So you can see here there's a mix from the square style video, this story style video, from graphics, right? You'll probably see maybe some carousels in here, but you want c creative diversification when it comes to your ads. That is how you can use the Facebook ads library to reverse engineer competitors ads, look at their strategies, and analyze what's working, what's not working. So, if you like this video, make sure to hit the subscribe button for more Facebook ad and marketing videos that can help you scale your business.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rafaelhernandez_ [1 likes]: 📌 PINNED: Here's how I can help you:

Option 1: Want us to run your ads and scale your business? → https://greatmarketing.ai/?utm_source=youtube&el=youtube_pinned

Option 2: Want to learn how to do it yourself? → https://www.skool.com/great-marketing-ai/about

I've spent $10M+ on Meta ads and worked with brands like Neil Patel's NP Digital and Ubersuggest. Whether you want us to do it FOR you or want to learn to do it yourself, I got you.

Drop a 🔥 if you found this video helpful!
  2. @KathyRod25: Thank you so much for your info but I can't see all of the ads when I go to the bussiness as you say. :(
  3. @rafaelhernandez_: 📌 Chapters
00:00 - Intro: How to Ethically Spy on Competitors' Ads
00:34 - Accessing the Facebook Ads Library
01:04 - Analyzing Individual Ads: What to Look For
01:34 - Viewing All Ads from a Competitor
02:03 - Identifying High-Performing Ads
02:31 - Evaluating Copy, CTA, and Landing Pages
03:30 - Pro Tip: Use AI to Analyze Competitor Videos
04:30 - Using Transcriptions to Generate New Angles
04:58 - Searching Specific Brands Like Nike
05:27 - Importance of Creative Diversification
05:57 - Outro & Subscribe for More Marketing Tips
  4. @jisan3224: Hey Rafael,

I’ve been checking out your work. especially how you're helping entrepreneurs grow through Marketing Strategies and Running ads Campaigns. Super inspiring!

I recently came across your Skool Profile And YouTube Channel (really solid content), and it got me thinking

"How are things looking in terms of conversion rates and your marketing automation setup?"

I imagine you're generating clients through platforms like Website, Instagram, and your ad campaigns. 

But if you're not seeing the conversion numbers you’d expect, there might be a few common roadblocks:

Slower appointment setting month-to-month

Difficulty reaching high-ticket, loyal clients

Gaps in follow-up or lead response speed

Missing automations that could save time and close more deals

Any of these sound familiar?

Would love to hear where you're at and see if I can offer a few suggestions that could help.

Best,

- How To Use The Facebook Ad Library To Find Winning Ads (Step By Step Tutorial): Kind: captions Language: en The best place to find winning Facebook and Instagram ads is on the Facebook ad library. This is a tool that literally allows you to see every single ad that's running by top 8 9 figure brands, the biggest brands in the world, as well as you can search for individual product names to find all the competitors in your niche and all the ads that they're running. And I'm going to show you exactly how to best use it in this video and break down also how to take a competitor's winning ad and easily duplicate it for your own brand and own product in chat GBT at the end of this video. So stick around for that. Let's jump in. All right. Now, starting out here, this is the Facebook ad library. Now, it's super simple to navigate and find it. You literally just go to Google and search for Facebook ad library. And you're going to notice right here, uh, it's going to be the first thing that pops up that's not an ad. And so, search the meta ad library. Facebook ad library. Same thing. open this up and that's going to bring you into the Facebook ad library. Now, once here, it's essentially a search bar kind of like Google where you can search for brands and also individual keywords. So, you can search for a product name or something like that. So, I'm going to start out right here. And what you can do is change the location. So, you can do all you can look at every single country, you know, worldwide and all the ads that a particular brand is running. But, I recommend just starting out with, you know, a particular country that you're looking to advertise in. So, the United States is usually a good place to start. And then for this ad categories right here, there's different categories. We don't really worry about these. We just go all ads and that's all you really need to worry about. And then as you can see here, search by keyword or advertiser. So the first example right here, I'm going to do a brand Mudwater. I'm going to search for them right here. And you can see that advertiser is showing up with their Facebook page connected to this and their Instagram account as well. And you can click on them essentially and it's going to open up all of their ads that they're currently running in the United States. And so we can scroll through this and we can see they have a whole host of video ads. And so we can click on this and go view more details on this first ad right here. And we can see exactly what this ad is. We can see the exact copywriting that they're using. So some inspiration for copyrightiting formats there. We can of course view the entire ad that they're [Music] running. All right. And then we can see the headline. We can see the description. We can see the learn more button. And you can also learn a little bit more about the advertiser as well. But every single ad here, you can see all the platforms it's currently running on and when it started running, which is important. So, this has only been active for about 18 hours. So, this is a new ad that they're testing. To find the best ads, you really want to go look at the oldest ads. So, scrolling all the way down in the Facebook ad library to see the oldest ads that they've been running for the longest time. Those you can be confident are their winning ads that consistently perform for them. And so, if I scroll down here, you can see they're running a bunch of video ads. This was launched on April 23rd. They've launched a bunch just yesterday. So, you're gonna kind of commonly see that with brand ads because they're testing a lot of different ads, but in this case, they've been running this ad since the 17th. So, this one probably is a winning ad and is working for them. And again, if we keep going down here, again, it's sorted by like recency essentially. So, if we keep going down, we can see there's many, many ads, but they have a total of 93 running, it says at the top. And so this is actually their oldest ad which is running right here which is a partnership with wellness with Delaney it looks like a combination here and that's been running since June 11 2024 which is their oldest currently running ad. And so if we go and view the details of this ad we can see all the copyrightiting right here looks like they rely a lot on these benefits. So, benefit driven ads kind of highlighting the main uh you know benefits that a consumer can derive which is smooth energy no jitters you know compared to coffee uh 100% organic functional mushrooms and then the reviews and then you can see you know the actual ad itself and you can view that whole thing and then it's also the $20 off promotion with a free frother. All right, so another tip when using the Facebook ad library is to use a tool called foreplay which you can see I have it activated right here. It's a Chrome extension, but this is their website. And so, Foreplay allows you to essentially plug into the Facebook ad library and download any ad that you see into uh this particular software where then you can view those ads and share them easily across your teammates and just create an overall library of ad inspiration that you can use and replicate. So, you can kind of see how it works. This is what the dashboard would look like. You can have a file, essentially a swipe file of all these ads that you've downloaded. So, in the ad library right here, let's say I wanted to save this particular ad to a certain board that I had for ad inspiration. I could easily, you know, select which board that I want to save it to. And then I can go ahead and click save and it's going to download that ad and all of its content regardless if, you know, Mudwater decides to turn that ad off because they no longer are running it. I will have that ad saved forever. So, it allows you to really streamline your creative research process and also bring it all together and allow you to easily share ads versus kind of seeing them in the ad library here and you know how do you download them from the Facebook ad library. It doesn't make it easy to do that. So, this kind of simplifies that process. There's also other tools out there like magic brief which allow you to do kind of the same thing and also track ad results but foreplay is kind of the front runner in that space. So, that's how to use the Facebook ad library to find winning brands, right? And you can do this for literally any brand, right? So, if I wanted to search for Nike, boom, Nike is right here. And all of their, you know, affiliated uh Nike brands that they have and social media accounts. And so, if I click on Nike right here, boom, I can see they have 510 ads running right now. I could download any one of these ads if I wanted to for inspiration. And then I could keep on scrolling down and see, you know, these ones are launched on April 21st, but I can go all the way back and kind of see their oldest, longest running ads as well. But, you know, big brands like this are going to be launching a lot of new ads constantly. And so, something to kind of note there. Again, Apple, I could search for Apple as well. I could see all the ads that Apple is currently running. They're currently running 500 in the United States. You know, if I did globally, they'd obviously have a lot more and probably a lot of different languages and stuff like that, but you can see all the ads that they're running as well. Now, the other way to use the Facebook ad library is if you have a particular product and you want to see all competitors that are running ads similar to the product that you have, you can easily search for that product and find all the ads that contain that particular keyword. So, let's say you have a new revolutionary golf shoe and you want to see all golf shoe ads that are currently running, all the competitors that are out there, and what other ads that they're running, so that you can kind of get some inspiration from that. You can just go into here and search for golf shoe. Literally, just enter that and boom, it's going to pull up a whole library of different golf shoe ads that you can easily emulate. And again, I'm going to show you exactly how to take one of these ads in less than five minutes and duplicate that for your exact product. Even if you have not the best photography, you can duplicate the exact same ad in just a couple minutes. So, we can scroll through here and we can see different brands. True Links, Sunday Red, which is Tiger Woods's brand. Um, you know, we have Becket Simon. I don't know if I pronounced that right, but you got him. You have Wclot shoes. You have Herren store. You have FootJoy. So, again, a ton of different ads right here. here. And I'm going to keep scrolling until I see something that I really like. And then we're going to go ahead and show you how easy it is to emulate that ad to find again a winning ad. Duplicate that and put your own spin on with your own product in just a couple minutes. Okay. So, I actually I like this one from True Links. I'm going to go to their actual Facebook ad library. Okay. So, I like the ads that they're running. I'm in their Facebook ad library. They're currently running 75 ads. I'm going to keep going down and see, you know, what's like the oldest ad that they're currently running. It looks like it's this one. The original barefoot golf shoe just got even better. And so they have this kind of barefoot icon right here. Yeah. But this is a good one right here. So this is kind of like a testimonial ad right here. So I'm going to go see ad details right here. And you can see it kind of has like a review, right? It's a quote. Then it has upgrade my shoe game. It has the colors and everything like that. And then it has their logo and all that stuff, right? And so if I wanted to emulate this exact ad, what I'm going to do right here is I'm going to go ahead and screenshot this ad. Now what I'm going to do is I'm just going to find a competitor, right? Like let's say, you know, you'd obviously want to do this for your own brand, but I'm just going to find, you know, a different brand that has a golf shoe that I want to actually advertise. Like, so let's say that this is the golf shoe that I want to emulate with that ad that I just saw. What I'm going to do is I'm going to grab a similar screenshot. So, it's obviously kind of like the top down view. So, I'm going to grab this screenshot right here. So, I'm literally just going to grab this shoe. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go into chat GPT right here. I'm going to go to the plus icon and I'm going to go upload from computer and I'm going to upload both of those images. Okay. So, I uploaded the ad image itself uh that we want to emulate. And then I uploaded our actual photo right here of our shoe that we want to do the same ad with. Now, I have this prompt already pre-downloaded. So, feel free to screenshot this and you can use this exact same prompt. I also have a full video on the channel of how to do this exact chat GPT ad creation process and also a couple other things that you can do with this chat GBT image creation. What I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and download this. Okay. I'm going to go back to chat GBT. Paste this in right here. And then all we have to do is just kind of adjust the various aspects of this to make it match what we want to do. Okay. So, I've updated the copy to kind of match what I want to do. Obviously, you want to replace this with, you know, an actual testimonial that you have on your website or whatever it might be. But, we've kind of inputed everything that we need to. And then all we need to do is submit this. And ChatB is going to output a graphic ad creative just like the one we uploaded. Boom. And so just like that, like I said, inputting in that product, we had our actual product that we uploaded and it now outputed exactly what we needed. I updated the copy to say 99% the most comfortable shoe I've ever owned. Upgrade my shoe game, right? Might have to update this survey. You could easily edit that out. And also, you know, there's a couple details that aren't quite exactly correct, right? And so in this case, the Fjoy logo should be right here. Otherwise though, it looks really, really solid, exactly pretty much like the image that we uploaded. and we could test this ad right away if that was a, you know, a winning ad that we found, which again, in this case, it is. So, that's the basics of how to use the Facebook ad library to find winning products. This is really just scratching the surface. You can dive in to so many different areas and find millions and millions of ads for ad inspiration to find winning ads. Now, if you do have any questions, let me know in the comments. I get back to everybody personally, so I'm happy to help you use this tool even more. And also, if you're interested in running ads better, I recommend checking out this video by me next. A roy you're going to like it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Savagenuts [3 likes]: I pray this help me in my SMMA journey
  2. @24-longlehai11 [2 likes]: How is winning advertising defined?
  3. @MaheshKathiravan [2 likes]: thanks a lot blake for sharing this, but just a question since you searched a tangible product like shoe etc, what if we have digital product like online coaching then how to do this or use this prompt can you share the same on this
  4. @MichaelNmvoya-hn2uj [1 likes]: simile web
  5. @Rex-do7vq [1 likes]: great video, you were saying at the end of your video you are able to test to see if the advert just made would be a winning ad? do you have to pay for that info ? or simply use A I. 
, also assuming a review is this accepted by ad platforms ? many thanks.
  6. @ObinnaPhilip-o9q [1 likes]: Why not paste a link to the foreplay tool, sir? It will really help
  7. @kawserahmed1471 [1 likes]: Thanks a lot, Blake, it's really helpful for me. Please keep doing
  8. @RomiGamerzzOfficial [1 likes]: Bro I’m not seeing any option to save the ad
  9. @bb8878-d [1 likes]: Hi Blake, good explanation for a beginner like me, when I boost my ad, I get responses, however when I set it up using the Engagement Campaign, I had no one reach out, is there something I am doing wrong.
  10. @angelaadragna2534 [1 likes]: helpful video thanks!
  11. @MuhammadAkbar-mi5li [1 likes]: good
  12. @atifahmed2070 [1 likes]: Hmm.....very  nice output
  13. @motherwellproducts [1 likes]: When I follow your stet by step video I get the following (No ads match your search criteria
This advertiser isn't running ads in the selected country and ad category at this time.
View search tips.) when I now ad are running
  14. @sagarandami [1 likes]: Hey! Is there any way to see the past campaign? Currently, it’s only showing Jan 2026. How do I see 2025 inactive ads?
  15. @montgomeryaha7612 [1 likes]: wasted my time
  16. @GovtJobsUpdatese [1 likes]: Keep it Up Bro  ✅✅🥰🥰
  17. @Marciorocha94 [1 likes]: Wasted time. He doesn’t explain how to find winning ads. He only uses examples like Nike and Apple, which obviously perform well.
  18. @syedafaiza5386: Informative
  19. @avrielrodrigues4282: Thanks a ton mate. Really helpful stuff.
  20. @MisterBitcoin420: Hello. Cool video. Im trying to use my competitors video ad and make a similar ad. Can ChatGPT make a video of a man building a shower in fast forward like their video or does it just make still pictures.  Thanks

- How to Analyze Your Facebook Ad Performance: Kind: captions Language: en - Do you ever feel like you're throwing spaghetti at the wall with your ad campaigns? Well, listen, in this video, I'm going to show you the three key metrics that will change everything and give you complete control over the success of your ads. (bright music) So the three metrics we're going to cover are your CTR, link click-through rate, your CPM, and your landing page conversion rate. Don't worry, we're gonna go into each of these metrics in depth. Let's dive in. The first metric is your CTR, link click-through rate. Now, what does this mean? It means of 1,000 people that are seeing your ad, you want 1% or more to click over to your offer, your landing page, your website, et cetera. The reason why this is so important is that if your CTR, link click-through rate, is under 1%, you're probably leaving money on the table. I'm gonna tell you you at the end what to do to address this if you see that your CTR, link click-through rate, is under 1%. But let me quickly show you where to find this inside of Ads Manager. You're simply going to look at your dashboard. Right here you're going to see a column that says CTR, Link Click-Through rate, and you want to see that above 1%. Now, if you don't see it, click on Columns, Performance and Clicks, and you'll be able to pull that up. Now, a word of caution, I want you to look at your CTR, Link Click-Through rate, not your CTR, All. CTR All indicates anybody who clicked on any part of your ad over to your Facebook page. They could have clicked anywhere. You just want to track the people who clicked to your offer. The second key metric that I want you to track is your CPM. This is your cost per 1,000 impressions. And this is a stat that's a little bit more controversial, but I stand by this. If your CPM is tracking above $42, Facebook does not like something in your ads or on your landing page. Now the caveat would be if your CPM is above $42 and you're working with retargeting audiences or really small audiences, it might be a little bit more expensive than $42. But if you're in cold audiences and that CPM is higher, you need to look at your ad copy, your imagery, and your landing page very closely. The third key metric that I want you to be tracking closely is your landing page conversion rate. Now, this varies across all sorts of industries. So I want you to look at your industry-specific average and see what is normal. If I'm collecting, for example, email addresses to a free online training or a guide or a checklist or something like that, I want my landing page converting at above 30%. If I am sending traffic to an e-commerce store and to a specific sales page, I want to see a minimum of 1 to 3% conversion rate on that sales page. And honestly, you can actually get that up even higher. Now, to find how well your landing page is doing for you, the easiest way to do it is simply go to your landing page software, your e-commerce store, your website software, and just look at the backend. Most of them have the percentages calculated right there for you. So that's the easiest place to go and grab it. Now, to calculate this for yourself, simply grab your conversion numbers, divide them by your landing page views, times it by 100, and that will give you your landing page conversion percentage. Let me do it here for you so you can see my numbers. We'll use my top example here, and I've got 845 leads. I'll divide that by three 1,355 landing page views times that by 100, and that gives me 62%. Now the numbers that I just showed you are on the higher range, and they are there because I tested those ads and I made them that way. But if your ads are a little a bit newer to the platform or you haven't gone through rigorous testing, they might not be there yet. And so let me show you as promised what to do if these numbers are a little bit lower than they should be. So if your CTR, link click-through rate, is lower than that 1% benchmark that I told you about, you wanna go back to testing. And if you haven't tested, it's a huge opportunity to make your ads more effective. Improve your visuals so that more people are likely to see your ad and click over to your offer. Now, if your landing page is not converting at the minimum benchmarks for your particular industry, I want you to go in and do landing page testing. So work on improving your landing page. Both the messaging and sometimes the offer needs improvement as well. When you conduct your landing page experiments, just do them one at a time. You don't wanna throw too much at it 'cause then you won't know what is moving the needle forward. So just conduct one experiment at a time and you'll be able to tell what's actually improving your landing page and what's not. And your last metric is your CPM, your cost per 1,000 impressions. And on cold audiences, you want to see that under $42. But if it's too high on cold audiences, then I really want you to take a look at your ad copy and your landing page and find the culprit. Something in your copy, your imagery, or your landing page is causing Facebook to not love your ads, and you need to correct that so that your ads don't cost more than they should. And in the next video, I'm gonna show you some likely culprits that are making your ads more expensive. So I'll see you right over there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @francescamonti781 [4 likes]: Where can I find landing page industry average stats? Thx for the answer
  2. @rickyharewood [2 likes]: You are very good! Thanks.  Love how these videos flow.
  3. @safwanhashim4448 [1 likes]: Great explanation
  4. @arefxp [1 likes]: Make changes (A/B test; creative, copy) when:
CTR less than 1%
CPM Over $42 (not retargeting ad)
Landing page conversion rate: Conversion count/Landing page view X100. eCom below 3%, Webinar below 32% (depends on industry, do more research)
  5. @ClassicReachAI: If CPM is high doesn’t that point to the audience and CTR is for Creative issues Right?
  6. @isabella.figueiredo: Thank you so much, Social Media Examiner!! I was going crazy trying to find my lander CPR! ;-) God bless you.
  7. @lerymiza: ANOTHER AWESOME PRESENTATION THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!
  8. @exploreimagine: Thank you for preciseness & clarity.
  9. @sachinchaudhary1240: Great info. What should be cpm in rupees, if running ads from India
  10. @TephLacson: This is so informative!!!!! I love it!
  11. @ajogwuaustin9047: I saw you were getting orders on less than $2 I did a test run and I got per order $3.44 

Is that okay ??
  12. @Jobcareernetwork: Awesome video! ...you made it sooo easy to understand.
  13. @pimadavide90: <3 SENZA DUBBIO I MIGLIORI DEL SETTORE!
  14. @themantien: how do you have a zoomed out view in your ads manager?
  15. @iancumil8484: Is the $42 a benchmark? We should convert the value to our own currency to measure? Thanks.
  16. @ingliztilijunior9518: How the advertisers be affected by IOS 14?  Will We be having delays on tracking? How would you analyze and judge ad performance with inaccuracy? Are 1, 2, 3, 4 days testing strategies not relevant anymore? What's your recommendation for beginners like me with no email list?
  17. @Empowerment_Self-Love_Coach: Where can I see what the conversion average rate is for my particular industry as a money and mindset coach?
  18. @HarmonyWheeler: Is $42 typical CPM? That seems very high to me. We never see CPM over $10 except on retargeting.
  19. @kanzabell1872: I have a YouTube channel and put videos in it. Question: Can I take my videos from my channel and put them on Facebook and make a profit without any problems and without any additions to the video because I am the owner of the channel. I need your answer. Thank you.
  20. @nsnobel2: A very very informative video for a beginner like me but there is a problem from starting to the end that I almost failed to concentrate because of your constant smiling face, your beautiful eyes , your sweet voice and yes bunny teeth are my weakness :) Can I get your number please LOL

- How To Analyze Facebook Ads Performance (the Right Way): Kind: captions Language: en if you're running Facebook ads and thinking oh my gosh there are so many metrics to look at like where the heck do I even start then you're watching The Right video first take a breath with me isn't that better okay I'm kidding but let's learn the best ways to analyze your ad campaigns metric by Metric that way you can ship more winning ads impress your colleagues and clients and maybe just maybe you can relax a little bit because when it comes to ad metrics you are not just a news anchor reporting to your team on random numbers and data points you have to share the story about the how and the why things are happening with your ads you also need to help your team and your client make more data informed decisions but don't just take my word for it the creative strategists that use these Frameworks we're going over today analyze over $5 billion in ad spend with us here at motion and one of those users is Dara Denny who you should go like and follow because she has some of the best content out there for sure we really like this visual that she created for one of our workshops that helps you better understand what your primary kpis are your storytelling kpis and most important storytelling kpis are and just as a heads up I'm going to be using motion throughout this video to analyze the campaigns because that gives us really the best visual analysis that we can look at so if you want to follow along sign up for free by clicking the first link in the description and you can also grab the meta metrics cheek sheet there as well and for the purposes of this video I'm really covering metrics mostly for video ads but there's some great tips in here for static ads as well all right all right let's go ahead and dive in and get started okay so every single ad that you create can be broken up into five parts or jobs to be done capture attention hold attention get people to site Drive engagement on the site win the purchase or desired action and each of those jobs as you probably guessed corresponds to a specific ad element a component of your ad so the hook the body the CTA the landing page and your website experiences but for the purposes of this video we're really just going to focus on capturing attention holding attention and getting people to your site so let's start with the ad Hook when you're trying to figure out if an ad Hook is capturing attention or not you need to take a very close look at two metrics first frame retention and thumb stop ratio the first frame retention is the percent of people that allow your video to start playing in their feed and if this rate is less than 90% that's an opportunity for you to test a different text overlay better helps users to know what to expect in the ad you can also test branded versus unbranded hooks in the first few seconds maybe seeing if one of those captures more attention and you definitely want to look to see if your first frame features a face or a product and when it comes to thumb stop ratio that's the percentage of people watching the first 2 to 3 seconds of your video and if your thumb stop ratio is lower than average that's your signal to substitute components like better audio sample that evokes bigger emotions maybe some alternative b-roll or scripting that addresses the what why of your ad in less time if we take a look at a report for some ads we ran here in motion we can actually see that there's six different ones we ran there's one that has a high first frame retention but a lower thumb stop ratio so this is an ad where I'm holding out a giant tweet I printed out and if we watch the ad there's actually an opportunity to maybe evoke some more emotion maybe was something like a more shocking tweet but the concept itself stopped people we just need to figure out how to hook them just a little bit longer all right the next part of this ad that we want to analyze is the post hook or the body of the ad this is where our job to be done is to hold attention this can be anywhere from 4 seconds all the way to the end of your video and the metrics that correspond with this are through play 15 second by 3second video retention 100% video play rate and video average play time when it comes to through play this metric tells us if we are holding attention after the hook inside motion you can actually hover over that number and see where it falls relative to the average if it's lower try changing up the content right after the hook so the part from 4 to 8 seconds but a reminder here that videos with high click-through rates might have lower through play if people are clicking out early from the ad to visit your website so just keep that in mind for the 15sec by 3 second video retention rate it's all about qualifying your hook this this metric is the percentage of people that watched the first 3 seconds of your video divided by the number of people that continued to watch to the 15sec mark your job is really to figure out which Hook is pulling in more engaged users and so when you look at that part of your ad maybe you can iterate and change the pace of the assets to help keep people paying attention the difference between this and through play is this really lets you dive deeper onto your engaged audience versus all the random people who watched 15 seconds versus those who didn't 100% video play rate is what it sounds like a metric that tells you how many people made it through the whole video like through play a higher click-through rate can actually lower this which is a good thing because you want people to click through and get to your website so the average playtime though it's really about making sure that the most important parts of your ad are being watched so ask yourself if this is a key benefit that's happening before after you make your point you can also focus on changing the content at the average second watch Mark to see if you can increase it iterating on a hook can change the quality of people you reach that can change this metric as well let's take a look back inside motion we can look at these metrics on our ads and also have something that we call our watch score which is a motion algorithms deeper analysis of combined metrics to tell you the ability of a video to keep a viewer engaged based on what I'm seeing here one iteration we could test is to maybe cut back and forth between that woman's face and the view of the laptop by the water and keep maybe a stronger text overlay of my boss thought I was cheating and see how that ad performs okay so now we want to look at ctas and how we get people from the ad to the website this includes three metrics cck through rate all click-through rate outbound or link click and thumb stop click-through rate your CTR all is the percentage of people that liked shared commented or clicked out of your ad and a high CTR all can signal High engagement on your ad you want to monitor this in combination with CTR link just to make sure people aren't like you know just clicking out really quickly or whatever but you can increase engagement by asking questions in your videos covering topics worthy of discussion and interacting with people in your ad comment sections your CTR outbound or link click is the percentage of people people that click to an external link from your ad and to improve on this metric you can actually test ways to share what viewers will get when they click do this by changing up your copy your scripting your text overlays to communicate a little bit more effectively ask yourself what wording can I use verbally and Visually that would get someone to stop scrolling exit Facebook and go to my website right freaking now thumb stop CTR is the percentage of people that watch the first 2 to 3 seconds of your video and click to the site there's a big difference between thumb stop CTR and CTR you might want to check that out because people might be quickly clicking and not experiencing much of your video but this is more likely to happen in retargeting ads so maybe don't worry about it too much as we go back into motion let's look at our ads I see that one of our ads actually has a low CTR link click but a fairly High thumb stop CTR which tells me that this that is actually doing a good job of getting my engaged audience to click but that not enough people from a larger audience are interested in clicking might need to make some tweaks all right so while this video doesn't cover the complete list of every single metric that you can track on your Facebook ads cuz we actually have like 170 different metrics in our software that you can filter through the idea is to help you get better at telling a story on the how and the why with your advertising decisions you can connect Google analytics and motion metrics for even more in-depth metric analysis especially with landing page actions on your website if you'd like to download the metric cheat sheet you can find a link in the description we hope this video helps now I myself am going to take a long deep breath thanks for watching ing

  Top Comments:
  1. @cydney-e8h [2 likes]: Great video! The point about understanding the relationship between different metrics, especially for creative analysis, is spot on. Definitely something I'll be implementing in my next campaign.
  2. @lavan-b5j [1 likes]: Excellent explanation of retention rates and their impact on creative performance – finally, I understand how to use those metrics for real insights. Time to revamp my creative analysis!
  3. @ariellajarca8434 [1 likes]: I love this video an help me understand to assess creatives much better. Thanks for this, and the freebie!
  4. @RebeccaBlack-x2l: Really appreciate the focus on creative analysis and retention rates – the distinction between 3s and 15s is crucial for optimizing ad spend effectively. Definitely going to refine my approach to metrics using these insights!
  5. @alejandroestrada465: do you know whats the formula for first frame retention like you described it there?

it would be great if that sheet provided had a formula for each of the things so that we can just plug it into meta quickly
  6. @khrystynbruton: The emphasis on understanding retention rates for creative analysis is a game-changer; I’m looking forward to applying this to my own campaigns. Thanks for the practical insights and for clarifying the 3s/15s retention rate!
  7. @sharlettedeering: This was a helpful overview of key metrics! Definitely clearing up some misconceptions I had about retention rates and creative analysis.
  8. @LizaMuachhmuachh: Thank you so much for this video. It was very instructive.
  9. @Ali-gh7rj: for 15/3s retention rate do you mean people that watched 15 seconds / people that watched 3 seconds?
  10. @AngelWright-k3x: Thank you very much so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  11. @Gaynell-f1x: Thank you very much.
  12. @linaslinuks: Hey, how to find thumbstop ratio?
  13. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: what formula do you use to calculate thumstop click rate?
  14. @joaonevesmkt: Hello! I really liked the video, thank you. 
But didn't you mix the metrics on 4:04? Isn't it 15s / 3s video retention? Cause then you explain like it's  3s / 15s. 
15s / 3s makes more sense, cause it's the percentage of people who watched 15s or more, from that group that watched at least 3s. 

I don't mean to be offensive or anything, I'm just trying to help. 
It's a great video, anyway! Thanks again.
  15. @miguelribeironeto8603: nice!

- How To Analyze Facebook Ads Performance Data: Kind: captions Language: en First thing we want to look at ad clickthrough rate. How do we find ad clickthrough rate? So I'm going to come here to my ad sets. Come over here to ads. So I don't have it pulling through here and I'm going to show you how to pull some different data here within Facebook. So when you come over here to columns and it says performance, Facebook will usually default to this performancebased thing. Um you can also look at engagement which will look at things like video views but I like to do custom. I know Yan does too because this is where we can pull through a lot of different stuff. So if I click on custom here, right, and then I come to edit it. This will allow me to pull through the reporting that I want to see from this. So something I want to look at. Okay. So this is what I want to look at, right? I want to look at >> uh link link click for it. You want to make sure link click for it. Just to just to add here, Ryan, really quick, two quick things that are that are important here. You never want to look at CTR because CTR is let's say when someone clicks on an image or or does something like that. Now the other thing that's really important here just to add Ryan that I think it's worth mentioning. If you click on custom Yeah. and you create and you click on create custom metrics, it's really important in here. You can basically create any custom metric you want. Right. So what you want to what you want to do just type in lawyer new or just conversion. Are we in the web account? Yeah. Uh or just MVA. I think it's called M. I think the conversion is called MVA then. >> Yeah. It's not pulling through. Okay. But anyway, for example, you could do link clicks divided by impressions and that would actually that would actually give you the CT the CTR column, right? Just for the sake of this example. But you could literally take any type of indicator and then create your own custom column, right? So if you divide the conversion and I'll do a loom for this so it's clear but this is really important because this this way you'll have a clear indication of how much your page is converting at on how many people watch your video start watching your video how many people you retain. Again this will be in a video but it's really important that you follow the steps that we'll show you in that video in order to have those metrics inside of your column so you have the whole dashboard on your actual ads manager so you can see what's happening. >> Yeah. In other words, what I'm going to show you how to do manually will show up in your Facebook ads dashboard for simplicity sake here. What is a CTR that you kind of like to use as a benchmark in terms of creative performing? >> Yeah, above 2% is green. Okay. In between 1.4 to two is yellow and then below 1% obviously is red. However, we usually operate since we're always testing, right? We usually operate in a yellow margin. Our winning ads are always above 2%. But you'll always stay like 1.4, 1.6, 1.1. You'll want to try to stay minimum above 1%. Right? If we're below that, we just need to start kind of like tweaking or it means that we're actually testing different creatives to see what comes up. What comes up? >> I think also, sorry to cut you off, Yan. An important thing to crosswalk this with, right, is because what you'll notice here, right, we have a cost per result. So this is for the VSSL optin, right? And you will notice that some of these with lower click-through rates are driving 25. Like this is a good ad, right? 25 at $19 per optin. That's right around the average for what we're paying for an optin, right? So keep in mind, right, that like just because an ad is below that threshold doesn't mean to kill it. We also want to crosswalk it against opt-in performance, right? This is a KPI to go back to if nothing is working, right? So again, it's kind of like compare this to like your website losing organic traffic. There is a process that you want to follow to understand why. Is it a penalty? Did we remove content? Blah. Like so this is a step-by-step process that you can use to say, okay, when my ads aren't performing, why? Start with ad click-through rate. Go through filter just like this and crosswalk it against conversions here, right? And you'll even see too that some of our ones with higher clickthrough rate don't have any any conversions. But when you look at the impressions, right, only 129 impressions. So, it hasn't gotten enough impressions to really justify that. So, there's a couple of things that you want to crosswalk this against. And you can start to see here our sweet spot for the ads with the most impressions, right? That click-through rate is right around between 1.5 and 1.8 per ads that are driving the most value or the most impressions, if you will, in the feed, the ones that are being shown the most. So, again, this is not an exact science to say, hey, if you're if you have a 0.5 clickthrough rate, kill all those ads. Because another thing to keep in mind too is videos generally do have a lower click-through rate. Why is that? Because when somebody watches a video, they get a little bit distracted from the call to action. Also, keep in mind how videos show up for ads, right? If it's like an instream video, the text isn't there. Um the the button isn't as visible versus as if it's in in somebody's feed, right? So, there's all sorts of different considerations. This is not an exact science to say, "Hey, kill them for that." But if you're not getting any conversions, this would be the place to start. And what this can answer for you is our creative, it's not working, right? We're not getting people's attention because we're not getting conversions and the clickthrough rate is also very low, which would say, let's start here by improving creative. Let's throw more images. Let's throw some new videos in there. Let's work on our hooks. Let's work on our copy to see if we can build better engagement in the feed. So again, that's part one, when ads are not working for analysis. Number two, landing page conversion rate, aka are people enticed by the offer we're making and opting in. So I've taught all of you guys to use highle. So you will find in high level. My landing page is currently in ClickFunnels. So I'm going to show you Clickfunnels, but it's literally exact same thing. These are almost like carbon copies of each other. So the way that I find this again, you can pull it through into Facebook just like Jan said. We'll cover that later. I want to do this manually so you guys can see how to find and access this data. And it's just good for you to see this process in my opinion. So we come over here to ClickFunnels. I find the funnel and then I come up here to stats. Right? What I'm looking at here is the landing page here, the total number of views, unique views, and then optins. So, 194 opt-ins off of 1,600 unique views, which is a conversion rate of almost 12%. That's very good, right? To me, anything above 8% is a pretty good converting landing page. Anything above 15 is great. Uh 8 to 15 is kind of like that that moderate region. Anything below eight, you're really going to want to get a look at mainly the headline that that's on the landing page, right? Because these are very simple squeeze pages. So the headline, there's a couple things that we can do here, right? So again, let's say going back to our we're not getting many conversions. We're definitely not getting book calls and signed clients. We go and we look at the ad click rate. They're all above two. They look pretty good. We're getting attention. What does that tell us then? That if people are clicking on the ad and going to the landing page and then the conversion rate on the landing page is low, then if so facto, it's probably an issue with what's on the landing page. Hey, Ryan here. Hope you like that video. If you want more, check out these two videos right here on the

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: Sometimes, sending users directly to a VSL page will be the best bet, you should test doing an email opt in to a short VSL sequence always.  I like your graphic by the way, very funny.
  2. @AfsanHossain-e5j3j: 🔴 urgent question please answer bro! 

Earlier when setting up Facebook ad campaign, after budget, targeting everything, an "Estimated daily results" was shown but now it is not showing for a few days. Why?
Maybe it could be due to the update. My question is how to see "Estimated daily results" before activating or starting the ad

- How to Analyse Facebook Ads Performance and Find What’s Really Working: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to pick a particular advert you have running for a long time and analyze it so that you can know which of the age range is giving you the best result, which of the platform is giving you the best results, which of the gender is giving you the best result. I have done this over and over again and it has helped me to optimize my ad. This is one way to scale your ad that people are not talking about and I'm going to show you exactly how I do that in this video. So when I change this to maximum, let me change this to maximum so that we can check the entire results together. Now when I change this particular one to maximum, I'm going to remove this. I'm going to remove this right away. So when I change it to maximum, you're going to see that this advert has given me 10 and something lead. But that's not what the one I'm looking for. I want to analyze the one that has bigger result. Let me check. I want to analyze the one that has bigger results so that from there we can see let me find a particular advert that gave me more than 1,000 results. So we're going to go with this particular one. This one that have given me 222 lead at 68 naira. So let me anytime you want to analyze this we are going to select that particular campaign. Now when we select it, we're going to come here. You see this breakdown? So we can easily use do we want to break it down by gender? Do you want to break it down by platform? But now let's start with gender. I want you to see between all the ages that saw my advert. Which of the age range gave me the best result? And then we will analyze it. I'll now let you know why looking at this thing is important and how you can use it to optimize your ad better. Okay. So I'm going to tap on that age and then immediately it's going to show us the age range here. It's going to show us the ages. So you see for that advert there is 18 to 24, 25 to 34 and all of that. So but then when we look at the one that gave us the best results here you are going to see something and this is very mind-blowing. From 18 to 24 was giving us lead at 54 naira. Okay. Out of that 224 lead we got 18 lead at 54 naira. From 25 to 34 was giving us really lead at 17 naira but we got 41 lead. From 35 to 44 was giving us lead at 44 naira and we got 65 lead. From 45 to 54 is giving us lead at 64 naira. From 55 to 64 is giving us lead at 56 naira. Then 65 plus is giving us lead at 64 naira. Now looking at all of these thing you immediately know that the one that gave us the lowest cost per lead was let me check was this one 18 to to 24 years they were getting lead at 54 naira and then there's also this one we're getting lead at 56 naira which is 55 to 64. Now [snorts] looking at this thing you need to write it down somewhere so that the next time you're running advert you are not going to change the age you are not going to change the age but the way you are going to craft your copy is going to resonate with people in this age range. So for 54 to 64 what are they probably which which stage of their life are they? They have finished giving belt. They are already old. Maybe they are now struggling to even you know depending on the product you are selling anyways. But when you look at the age you know that every age range has a particular problem. You cannot be selling to people in their 55 and you are writing with Gen Z word and all of that. So if you are selling to people in their age, in their old age, look at the pain they are suffering from and that is what you are going to be hitting on in the ad copy because the ad copy is mostly the targeting that we do now. So you're going to be hitting the pain points of old age people in that copy. If you look at your advert for instance and you notice that it is from 25 to 34. I have seen a lot of advert that give me the best results from 25 to 34. You look at the pain points of people between the age of 25 to 34. Maybe they are still struggling with marriage. They have not even done up to 5 years in their marriage. Maybe they are even struggling with fertility. Like when you look at their pain point, you can now hit those pain points in your copy. And trust me, it's going to optimize your ad better and you're going to start getting more results. Okay. So the first thing we just analyze now is just age. Let's go back remove it and analyze something else. Okay. Now let's analyze platform. You know this thing is actually very eye open. The first day I noticed this I say my god. You see that's why it's important to learn every day and that's why you must subscribe to my YouTube channel. Some of the thing I'm showing you here you probably will not see it. You have buy you have bought a lot of courses but still they have not taught you this thing you know. So you need to subscribe to my YouTube channel and watch more videos on my YouTube that will expose you to a lot of secrets that you do not know before. So this is platform. Let's go. Uh I want this thing to finish loading. Okay. For this particular advert. So you see you see this eye opening. You see this eye opening for this particular advert. I run it on Facebook and Instagram. Facebook and Instagram. Now see what see what this thing is saying you know for this one now there was no result that came from Instagram at all my results came from Facebook what does that tell you I'm not saying see listen I'm not saying that your next advert now going to remove Instagram if you do it that means you don't understand the purpose of this particular analyzing now let's look at this one there was no result on Instagram all results came from Facebook. So I felt like this particular advert did not run on Instagram at all because all of them non results came from Instagram. And if the advert run on Instagram, there is just no way is not going to come in. So you see now this one now spent only 46 naira on Instagram and then they pushed it very well on Facebook. They pushed the advert very well on Facebook. So he spent 15,000 on Facebook and that's why I was able to get this result. So number one is either that they realized that oh Instagram was not giving me result it was Facebook that was giving me result and pushed more ad on Facebook or number two maybe the the page did not allow to run adverts on Instagram but there are some adverts you analyze you'll find out okay let's look at this one now Facebook gave me 236 lead at 63 naira Instagram gave me two lead at 50 naira and now are you beginning to see is but we cannot really determine and say oh so Instagram is giving us the best lead. No we cannot do that because we have not gathered enough lead to be able to make our decision. Just giving you two lead it does not mean that this is the cost per result. [snorts] You might you might climb to 15 lead 30 lead and the cost per result will shoot up. All right. So what I will recommend that you do is to keep on running the advert. As long as the advert is giving you result you keep on running it. So this is just the the breaking down by platform. If you have chose other platform like audience, network, trend, messenger, you're going to see all of them here and see which one gave you the best result. Now it doesn't mean that when you are creating advert, you're going to exclude all these platform. You might want to exclude it. Yes, you might want to test. There's always room for testing. Let me even exclude all of those platform that did not give me the best result. I know whether my cost per result will come down. Most time it will not come down. Most time it will. But if it doesn't come down, it means you are going to study the language of people that are using that particular platform that gave you the best result. You can agree with me that most times the the way you write ad copy for Facebook might not resonate with people on Instagram. The way you write ad copy for Instagram alone might not resonate to people for Facebook. So if Instagram, for instance, is giving me the best result, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to strategically craft my copy to fit the Instagram audience more because I know that most of my results is coming from Instagram. I hope we are following. I hope you're understanding this. All right. Now, the next thing here is this. I'm going to go and remove breakdown by platform and I'm going to break down by let's say for instance I'm going to break down by placement. For instance, by placement. What do that mean? It's going to show me is my is most of my results coming from Facebook feed from Facebook story from Facebook real and all of that. So when this breakdown is done you'll be able to know oh okay so most of my results is coming from timeline there's no need for story there's no need for real there's no need for search result okay so now see the breakdown I'm talking about there is [clears throat] see this there's Facebook there Instagram there's Facebook feed there's inream so when you look at all of this thing you immediately know oh this is where most of my result is coming from Facebook in app. This is where another result is coming from Facebook. So mobile web is just giving me one result. Even though the result is coming at a cheaper cost but then because it's giving me one result I might not rely on it because this result might when it get to five the cost might just shoot up like crazy. So Instagram feed Instagram feed is not giving me any result. This is how you analyze your advert so that the next time you know how you can optimize it. spend some quality time here. Don't be in a hurry. You can take out one one morning and go through all of this. You analyze your advert even if for even if not for any reason. You have a better idea of what where most of your result is coming from. This is how to learn improve on your skill so that next time you know what to do to get better result. You don't just run advert blindly and that's one of the mistake people are making. Anyway, if you want to learn more on Facebook adverts and you want to access a very organized and well broken down course, I already have a Facebook ad course that I sell. You can send me a message on WhatsApp. Check the link to my WhatsApp in the description. You'll be able to reach me on WhatsApp and get the course. It just for a very affordable price. Well, if you want us to have a one-on-one consultation, I offer a one-on-one consultation to business owners who want to make more sale with Facebook and Instagram ad. At this moment, I'm coaching a UK client. I'm coaching a Canadian client. Just yesterday, I had a one-on-one session with a Kenyan client. So, if you are struggling to run Facebook advert, send me a message on WhatsApp and we'll go on a call and I will show you whatever problem you're having. I guarantee you I've been there for years. Some of the things that you are struggling with, I've already struggled with them and I have broken free. So, if you learn from me, you are definitely going to get the best results. If [snorts] you find this helpful, make sure you subscribe and turn on notification bell until I see you the next time. Now, you can spend some time here and just break break things down. You can break down by age. You can actually break down by other things here. You can break down by time. You want to know which of the day is your ad. Anything you tell Facebook to do here is going to show it to you. Then you can now take some time and analyze it. Analyze it. Analyze it and you'll be able to understand what is happening with your advert. Now, if you find this helpful, follow me for more.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Himpdrexer: ❤

- INSIDER SECRETS: How Expert Media Buyers Analyze Facebook Ads Performance in 2024: Kind: captions Language: en Assalam Walekum facebooksignup.in As a media buyer, how do you analyze them, what things do you monitor, and then how do you take small decisions on them? The purpose of this video is to teach you the same thing. If you are managing someone's ads or running ads for your own business, then you can monitor them properly and fix them and you know where your money is being wasted and your money can be saved in marketing within the end. Today we are going to cover two major things in this video. One, while looking at the performance stats, how do you compare the performance of different ad sets, which one is doing well and which one is performing poorly, and take a logical decision on that. Going into the breakdown of performance results on the basis of placements as gender and different demographics, how do you see which placements are costing you more, which platforms are wasting your money, and where do you best utilize that? You can optimize it and along with that, today you will also learn one important thing that if you are using Advantage Plus Audience or executing a campaign being a professional media buyer, then from that I have run two ad sets, how am I comparing them, what is my thinking process, how am I looking at CPC, CTR, how am I handling all the other technical terms, so without wasting any further time let's go to my screen and start, here we are on the ads account, after coming here we have to do two things, first of all go to performance under columns and do it, performance and clicks, after that I select a campaign which is already a live account, so it is currently running, now see what is happening on reaching performance and click, only performance will come, so the columns, details, metrics will be shown less, when you go to performance and clicks, then some important metrics will start getting shown to you, okay here What we need to look at is the number of clicks an ad is getting and what is its CPC. Now, it could be like these are two different ad sets catering to two different audiences. Now, out of these, I will see which audience group is more affordable or cheaper for me. In this comparison, what is the difference in the results between the two? If one ad set is generating more quality leads at a cheaper rate or not, I need to see which one is generating cheaper and better leads and the clicks are coming, this is important. Apart from that, from here I will compare all these metrics like impression share, CPM, right now because this is a life campaign and I am analyzing it myself. So let me tell you how I will see as a media buyer. Well, in this, there are less impressions or more impressions. I will not take this into consideration right now because I have assigned budget to both of them above the set level. So it is obvious that the set with higher budget brings more good impressions. Now come to CPM, if the CPM comes above the CPM, then the ad set which targets very specific locations, its CPM rate, which you can see here is $18, which is slightly higher as compared to the broad ad set which is targeting the entire Dubai location. Apart from that, if we look at the link clicks, as I said before, because the budget for specific locations is less, there is a form per day assigned and the one for complete Dubai has a much higher budget assigned, so obviously there is a difference in the link clicks as well. What I would see is the click through rate, that is, if for example my ad passes in front of 1000 people, then out of them how many people will actually click on my ad. Now it can be seen that brother, when I am targeting specific localities, in the specific ad i.e. in the first d set, in the upper one, then you See, the click-through rate is very low, it is 0.4-4%. The average click-through rate, I am saying, is generally 1 to 3. Okay, and considering that we are targeting very specific people, even after that I would feel satisfied with 1. So, see, in this ad set, even in the live account, this click-through rate is low, so I would consider this as a red flag. Secondly, let's look at the CPC. The CPC of this campaign is also up to two times higher. The CPC of this campaign is $8 and that of the other campaign is $1.3. That means, till now this campaign is my losing campaign, it is not getting much interest. Okay, let's see this thing further. I am showing you the targeting at the ad set level. I am discussing at the ad set level. There is only one ad in each of these ad sets. It can also happen that for example, there would be two ads in this ad set. If it were so, then I would go to the ad level and see which of these two ads is progressing. Then I would go to the ad level and specify them. Now I can take a decision at the ad set level only because there is only one ad in each ad set, so it represents the stats of one ad. Keep that in mind. The second thing that media buyers look at before taking any major decision is the breakdown. By looking at the breakdown, you see how many leads are coming from which platform on the basis of day, age, placement, country platform. Now, for example, I want to compare between the two and see from which age group most of my leads are coming. So, here I will come to the age segment, after that, two leads have come from 35 to 44. Now, here I can also see age wise that what is the result per cost or what is the lead per cost. Now, what is the result per cost? For the people who are in the age group of 25 to 34, I get three leads from there. Leads have come and look at other places, here also I have targeted the age group of 18 to 24 and spent $2 but there are no leads. Similarly, I spent $14 on 35 to 44 but no lead came today. Then I spent $8 on 45 to 54. Now what did I find out from this, by breaking down at the age level, the leads that are coming are coming from the age group 25 to 34. Now because this is set on site broad targeting, that is, I show ads to the person you find till this age. I had set this campaign yesterday. Today I saw that the leads that are supposed to come in this are coming only from 25 to 34 and but I get those leads within about $2. So, all these other age groups where I am wasting money, this is useless, so I will save it. So let me take live action on this also in front of you. So what is our target age group, 25 to 34 So I will do this from here I will edit it, come here under the judge group, okay this was set to advantage plus audience in which [music] and we hit publish and it is published okay yes, let's see the second change here, the second change is that when I compared the overall stats of both the campaigns on the basis of performance and clicks, I saw that if we look at it according to the specific regions of specific days, then this campaign was quite expensive for me and it did not generate any leads today, so I will stop it from here because it is not working out well, I tried running it as an experiment, it did not work out well, it was expensive and it did not generate any leads, so I stopped it from here, okay, based on the factors that its CPC is high and click through rate is low, so I will tell you this simultaneously in the life campaign, after that let me tell you the rest, second I will go to placements, placements Coming up, I will see if there is any placement which is performing very well and from which more leads are coming and money is being wasted on other placements. Like I saw on the basis of age that from which age group the leads are coming and from which age group my ad spend budget is being wasted, so I removed them from there, thinking that brother, I should not spend blind money. Similarly, the same goes for the placement. You will see that leads have been generated on both the placements of other feeds and they have been generated at the rate of $4.5, okay, otherwise I spent $7, you can see here, I spent $17, Instagram2 was not generated, similarly, coming forward here, you can see its click through rate also, I got only one click, it is extremely extremely poor, so that means I came to know that brother, in the Instagram2 region, apart from that, I saw that under the at set level above Instagram2, you scrolled and saw this in the placements. Here is the placement, manual is selected here. If your advantage is set to play, then select manual from here. After selecting manual, I will come here and see. [Music] If you want to place an ad on the Explore placement, then you will have to pay a fee. So, okay, we will say, but you should not charge it again. There is no problem. Want to target these reels? Okay and these stories. Okay and publish. Okay, this is also done. Apart from that, what can I do? I can also see from where I am getting more leads based on gender. Now, coming here, you have to come under demographics and from here, you have to come under gender. If you see this or find out that within your specific category or within your specific product, remove any particular females or males from targeting when they are not being traced much within your product or within your category. You can also save some money in this way. Apart from this, You can also explore options from here, but based on gender placement, I will look at this the most, and last but not the least, based on platform, I also see which platform is generating better leads. For example, if you look here overall as a platform, Instagram, 2 spends were spent to generate one lead today, so that was the problem, so we know. To get a good overview, you can go to placements. Like you saw where most of the leads came from in the last one month, so from here you will come to breakdown and select the platform. Otherwise, in day to day life, as a media buyer, when you are comparing data on a daily basis or weekly data, then within that, you will mostly go to play placements and see which specific placements are performing extremely well. So these were the two important things. I hope you have understood things well. I would try that media buying. There are more technical videos of this type which can help you in becoming a good digital marketer or social media ads expert. I will introduce more of these videos in this playlist. So go and watch this playlist of Social Media Executive and subscribe to this channel. If you want to watch the video till this part, I hope you liked it. So give it a thumbs up and like it. You can watch the Social Media Executive series in which all the technical things related to marketing ads and social media execution are covered. The Social Media Executive playlist is designed in such a way that if you are a new social media marketing executive, then you can learn all the things that you should know by watching it. So do check that out as well. And if you are interested in watching free videos related to digital marketing, then subscribe to this [sangeet] channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nazimshorts240: amazing just saw your video its quit helpfull
  2. @abdulquddus2822: bhai ap boht acha samjaty ho lakin mara 1 sawal hai ky agar ham baar baar setting change karain gy to meta ad learning phase main ajay gi
kab or ziada sy ziada kiti dafa ad setting ko change karna chahia
  3. @Aqeffects: i just got job and i dont know any thing about it ...from last two days my director is talking about plan... but am still confuse what plan....
  4. @Asrealtorshomes: ❤
  5. @mehroz_ali: Highly valuable, brother
  6. @zubairgul3498: super
  7. @ZaynMughal: Very well explained. 🤎
  8. @Kashifnazeer12: Very helful video for me Wajahat Ali Bhai. Allah pak ap ko khush rakhy. Latest content b bnaiye plz. abi meta ne bhot kuch change kar diya h and i am exploring it
  9. @technicaldoctor1632: wow super bhai
  10. @sareadurar: just waow
  11. @Erma-c6l: Very interesting
  12. @asrafulrakib3837: Very impressive video❤❤
  13. @Kindnesskapture: Very Helpful ❤
  14. @samisuhail4224: Bhut ala❤
  15. @Back-to-basics440: Thank you 👍
  16. @Malik-w9c: Vary good video sir.thanks
  17. @MuhammadShahzad-zp1xo: Very interesting and helpful video brother
  18. @abdullahvloger-p7w: Masha Allah اللہ پاک آپ کے علم میں مزید اضافہ کرے آمین
  19. @faizanaliansaree: boht hi koi kamal ki vedio hay. keep it up. magr is vedio k like itny km q hain bhai
  20. @MuhammadFarooq-cy4xw: Thanks brother for helping ❤

- The Shocking Truth About Facebook Ads for Real Estate  #FacebookAds #RealEstateMarketing": Kind: captions Language: en you need to watch this if you struggle with selling your home I will show you how to get the best buyers through Facebook ads let's get started step one target your audience think of Facebook as a giant party use ads manager to choose location age and interests find the right buyers step two create eye-catching ads highquality photos and videos are essential showcase your property's best features to grab attention step three use Carousel ads highlight multiple features in one ad let buyers swipe through your your property's best parts step four set your budget and optimize start small test and adjust like ordering lunch try a bit then go for more step five track results and improve use Facebook analytics to see what's working tweak and perfect your ads for the best performance ready to sell your property like a pro hit like And subscribe for more tips let's get those sold signs up

- I tested over 1000 ads. Here are the hooks ACTUALLY making MONEY: Kind: captions Language: en Every single hook in this video is something that we have tested and I can confirm is a winner. So, most media buyers and creative strategists think that you need to state your problem right away or even show your product or service within the first 5 seconds of the video to accurately target it to your consumers. However, with the rise of Meta's new algorithm that they call Andromeda, this is actually changing quite a bit. And now, in order to be truly scalable, you need to make content that targets and converts users that are a lot higher up in the funnel. So, my teams have tested like almost over 5,000 ads this year alone, and these are the ones that are converting today on Meta Ads. Let's dive into the first one. I actually already used it on you when you clicked on this video, and that is going to be the investment hook. So these hooks essentially explain the investment meaning time or money that it took for someone to find the solution to their problem which is going to be your product or service. Now the best way to find these investments is to upload a CSV of all your customer reviews and search for the failed attempts that a user went before they found your product or service. And this type of hook is going to do two things. Number one, it's going to target the right users on meta ads who also had those same previous failed attempts. And the second thing, it's going to create a lot of trust with the customer because if they know the creator or the brand's investment, they actually inherently trust the product and service a lot more, especially if their journey is also mimicking this. Now, some of my best ad inspiration lately has not been coming from foreplay or the ads library, but instead has been coming from YouTube, specifically the title and thumbnail combination, as well as looking at what type of content is really picking up speed on Tik Tok shop. Those Tik Tok shop creators are crazy good at direct response marketing. These investment hooks are an absolute must test. I actually try them out almost every single time I'm onboarding a client because they have such a high hit rate. But this next hook that I'm going to show you guys has actually become the top performing and spending ad in several accounts recently. Candidly, I almost don't want to share it. And that is going to be the scam hook. Now, the word scam is probably one of the best visceral trigger words that you can use in your advertising today. It really stops you in your tracks for better or worse. And the reason why boils down to two key factors. Number one, you're going to be triggering loss aversion. Seeing the word scam generates these feelings that you're afraid of being cheated on or that you're being taken advantage of and our brain wants to resolve whether or not we're at risk. And number two, it also creates a great curiosity. So if you say, "I thought this was a scam," it creates this unresolved tension for the users and they can't help but figure out why it wasn't a scam. This is one of those hooks that is candidly so easy to test out that you could probably get your teams to do it tomorrow. just do an iteration on a top performing video. However, I'm going to be honest. None of these hooks in this video are really going to do anything unless you understand this next key point, which is the true hook structure. Your hook is actually these four things that are happening within the first 3 seconds of any piece of video content. Number one, the text overlay hook. Number two, the sound hook. Number three, the visual hook. And then number four is the vibe of the hook. Right? This is something that I actually learned from Callaway. So this is going to be the combination of the lighting, the text overlay, font choices, just like the overall vibe of it. Now, something that I will say is when we are talking about these hooks in general, we are talking about the verbal hooks or the text overlay hooks. Now, I've actually found that by changing the visual hook, this actually tends to have a bigger impact on performance than the text overlay hook or the verbal hook. Essentially, the best hooks show, they don't tell. So, I've partnered with Story Blocks to actually show you some of my favorite strategies for injecting those visual hooks that really get people to stop. And with these, you can instantly implement them without having to fumble through extra software. It is literally just as easy as signing up for Story Blocks and downloading the video clip. Number one, any type of drip content, especially if you can have the drip just like hanging on for dear life. And then the squeeze. Now, sometimes I actually like to speed this up and then also reverse it. And the third one is the abstract surreal art clips. I found that this is really good, especially if you're talking about something that's highly emotional. And then the last one are explosion clips. And I particularly like these fruit explosion clips. Now, what I will say is I've actually found that it's slightly better to use these explosion hooks after your initial first hook. So, something that we talked about in my previous video on hooks, the multiple hook is something that I see working really, really well. And a really cool way that you could do that is to choose one of the hooks from this video and then also pair it with an explosion hook. That tends to really keep people hanging on for the rest of that video. Storylocks has millions of instant video clips, images, and templates that don't feel like AI. And they are of course 100% legal for commercial use even in ads unlike some AI tools unfortunately. And candidly even if you get one winning ad the subscription is going to pay for itself multiple times over. To get unlimited downloads at one flat rate check out storyblocks.com/dora Denny. And this next hook is another one that I learned from YouTube. Again taking inspiration from titles and I have really been getting a lot of great inspiration from YouTube lately. Hint hint. And that is the give me time hooks. This one actually resulted in a top performer/spender for a brand recently. And I've seen it work pretty well across multiple industries. And essentially what you're doing here is you're asking for an upfront time commitment to either entertain or educate someone. And what I really love about these is that users tend to inherently commit a lot more time to these videos, which results in a lot higher hook and hold rates. And number five, POV, you hate X. Now, a really interesting statistic that I discovered was when I was analyzing all the top performing creative from all these ad accounts, something like 10 to 15% of all of them had the phrase POV in it. And because of this, now this is something that we're really starting to test. And almost every single round of initial video creative, we always make sure we have one of these POV ads in there essentially. And now pairing that with the word hate is also really smart because that is a really really powerful trigger word. But even a simple I hate XYZ has worked really well for a number of brands that I work with too. Which brings me to our next few hooks. These are actually going to be the best hooks that I've seen with both partnership ads as well as founders ads content because this is the type of content that I really see moving the needle across the board across all industries. Essentially, both of these strategies are must tests in the ad account, which is why I wanted to include them specifically. So, for founders content, I would make sure that you are always testing your round of founders content with these few hooks. Number one, explain why you built this company from the get. Again, this is very often going to show the multiple failed attempts that someone went through to eventually realize that they themselves needed to create this product, which is probably going to mimic a lot of your customer's journey. Another one is kind of controversial. I actually highly recommend that you always include a hook that has the founder introducing themselves and that they are the founder of the brand. This is one that actually I've heard a lot of marketing gurus say that you need to avoid because no one cares. But every time I end up testing this one, it often will become a top performer because again, I feel like initially it doesn't feel like an ad. It feels a lot more like that organic founder style content. And I've noticed especially in the US, we really champion entrepreneurs. They are like rock stars to us in many ways. Which is why when we see someone else on this entrepreneurial journey, we tend to listen in, especially if they're someone that is aspirational to us or someone who reminds us a little bit of ourselves. Another thing I'll say too is make sure that you have the name and that they're the founder in text overlay. This is something I've actually split test a lot and I find that it almost always outperforms not having it. Now, I do have an entire video that breaks down exactly how you can approach founders ads content even if you're not super comfortable on camera. I even give a full script that you can mad li that has resulted in tons of revenue for brands, even ones that are just starting off. So, be sure to take a look at that video. And next up, partnership ads. Now, partnership ads are my number one suggestion for brands this year to make sure that they really have on lock because this is the thing that is separating brands that are scaling and thriving with Meta and the ones that are playing it on hard mode. And the great thing is too is that you can do partnership ads for free. You can run it with your founders content. You can make your own publications. There are many different ways for you to utilize partnership ads, but it is imperative that you do so. However, if you want to start investing in creator content, which ultimately should be your goal in the long term, these are the type of hooks that I see work really, really well. And the first one is actually inaction hooks. So, if you're working with a creator, be sure to put them in the action of their everyday. So, have them doing an activity, have them getting in the car. What I've really noticed is that it doesn't signal an ad if you have them making similar to their organic style content. And this is a really great way to have your product or service fit in a little bit more seamlessly to their everyday, which will make it a much better partnership than them just doing an ad read. And number eight is the emotional hook. I was going to try and cry for this one, but I just I just don't have it in me. I'm sorry. Now, these ads really work because they create a huge emotional cliffhanger. Candidly, strong reactions from others tend to result in a really strong reaction to another person, which will often hook people into watching your video because they want to figure out what's going on. So things like people are mad at me because or why did I start crying when these are actually really big trends that I saw on organic social that have translated really well to creative that converts on meta. And hook number nine is the why did no one tell me hook. Now this hook creates cognitive dissonance and is essentially suggesting or implying that the audience also might be being misled by something. So of course this gap forces our brains to lock in so that we can resolve that tension. Another thing too is this also positions the creator as the authority. So again if you have found that authority angles work really well in your ad account but you can't always work with you know a big creator or influencer or professional. Even working with a creator that says a hook like this can often be just as impactful. These really feel like you're accessing insider knowledge. And number 10 is the if you hook. Essentially, this is going to shortcut your targeting on meta because it's triggering the tribal identity. Right? If you're saying if you're over 40 or if you're someone who hates, it instantly makes people self- select into a group. I would try doing this in terms of demographic angles as well as those from more of a problem solution orientation. And that's it. I am super curious to hear which hooks you guys are going to try out next. And if you guys end up testing any of these, let me know. My food's here. I got to go. Love you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [33 likes]: Tell me your brand and I will make a hook for you if you're sub'd :)
  2. @world_of_finance_ai: fantastic video
  3. @alexanderfallaria5657: Hey Dara, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  4. @JeremyZuzek: here after meta stopped letting me do the "wave" HEY (target Market) ad coppys i stole off you for 12 months and made crazy money <3
  5. @WorkModedtc: toop dara
  6. @aneb3389: active in spanish please!
  7. @samcdb: fire
  8. @coach_frankbielefeld: What is the best Hook for an Business Coach for an META Ad?   Thanks
  9. @MaroArmoni: You’re the hooks Queen 👑
  10. @LiliBalfour: I like when brands show the founders. You can relate to their story and it makes you want to root for them.
  11. @giordanomad2: Great video
  12. @SergioTrujillo11: Glad I found you. Love your stuff. Nicely distinct from the meta and digital bros shouting at me on YT! :)
  13. @iambobjchina: It's truly helpful for DTC seller
  14. @convertandscale: Ahhh I just spotted myself at 10:24, thank you for featuring me!! 🤩
  15. @ugcbycarli: Our ads were rejected when we said, “I thought this was a scam.” Maybe because the topic is finance?
  16. @lanzosydney: @dara I'm working with a longevity powder supplement. What hook would you come up with ?:)

Also, where can I find those TikTok shop creators and look at their content?!
  17. @Zonadeing: I clicked but your tone its very annoying. Didn’t last 2 min
  18. @ZaidMirza-me5tq: Hey Dara, 
I noticed some improvements that can be made in this video to make it more understanble with story telling visuals. Do you wanna hear how your content can be improved so much and how to use this content for more growth?
  19. @Nick_Dara_Alex_Barry_uglyAds: I love breaking down hooks using the marketing basics from the Breakthrough Advertising book. 

it's an excerice I do sometimes when I see an ad that's actually working.

Here is the breakdown of this Ad


Mass Market Desire

it’s all about that core desire to look good, like wanting to ‘melt my FUPA.’ It’s tapping into that universal feeling of wanting to feel confident and happy with your body again.


Awareness Levels:

Strongest Appeal (Solution Aware):

This one’s for women who already know their struggle, menopause weight or that stubborn FUPA, and have tried stuff like supplements. 

The ad points out how frustrating it is to drop $874 on supplements that don’t work, then teases ‘THIS’ as the new, actually effective solution.

Problem Aware:

It calls out the pain points straight up, ‘Menopause’ and ‘FUPA’. and uses that big number ($874) to really hit home how annoying and urgent the problem is.


Sophistication Level:

Not Level 2: Goes beyond simple promises. it builds emotional tension with wasted money and failed attempts.

Closer to Level 3:

Audience is skeptical and jaded.

The hook contrasts failed “old mechanism” (supplements) with an implied new mechanism (the mysterious “THIS”).

This reframing positions the ad as a fresh, superior solution that cuts through doubt.

Persona:

this ad is talking to women dealing with menopause weight (like FUPA).
  20. @Omkarsingh95: Boring ads + good copywriting, always converts

- 30 SHOCKING TRICKS ADVERTISERS USE TO MAKE FOOD LOOK DELICIOUS: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] I can't feel my body you hold against the concrete but I can't seem to get enough my mighty sweet stone would watch I just let you beat me look at me this even let you get the best of me in bed with my worst enemy this is an old are distance a cold this is a danger zone pack up and get me Pete you like your head something I know better keep falling for your innocence I didn't like you're into me I know this is hopeless hold it in slow motion trying to control my thoughts but I can't stop I know danger zone pack up and get me home

  Top Comments:
  1. @Braxton-h4z [1 likes]: The real ice cream actually looks better than the instant mashed potatoes
  2. @dexbread [1 likes]: I remember watching a 5 minute craft like this in 2020..
  3. @qopparune [1 likes]: Ramyun needs extra space underneath in order to swell
  4. @qopparune [1 likes]: Legit, why do the people in the ads always eat the fake food?
  5. @Optimalworld: how and why isn’t it false advertising?
  6. @happykiddos_hub: There is safety concerns there never eat that
  7. @tthomas2887: Fruit 🍎 salad 🥗 and
  8. @alexcassanova9079: I wonder what happens to the food afterwards
  9. @CaidenLanckriet: “What do you do for a living”
“I put hairspray on fruits”
“Oh....”
  10. @stellastiel: Who's here in 2026? (I'm here to heal my fyp bro, I miss these good old eras)
  11. @NatureXwars: What's the science behind the iodine exposing the "bad" chemicals used in some foods?
  12. @really-ang3l: WEVE BEEN SCAMMED
  13. @LindaMerchant-c8x8i: When I was a kid scooters pizza Alhambra CA Numero uno dominoes straw hat Shakey's had the real deal in pizzas pasta bread sticks salads
  14. @angelag3064: 10:50 I’m so sry but the real ice cream looks AI! lol 🤣
  15. @Diana01958: Well it works because that pizza has my mouth drooling
  16. @kaushikranjannath4663: Will you eat this😮
  17. @Uhhidk_44: Their lying to us
  18. @oak-plank: is it just me or the real food looks better :yt:
  19. @somanycutebabymonkeys: The noodle cup has to have space for the noodles to expand in the cup as they cook…that’s not to rip you off.
  20. @somanycutebabymonkeys: Alternate title: how to have fun playing with your food

- Top 5 Shocking Ads Hacks to SUPERCHARGE Your Campaign in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en a [Music]

- How to 10X Your Facebook Ads with This Simple 3-Step Strategy #facebookads: Kind: captions Language: en This is the only campaign you will need to launch your FB ads or your ads in this video I will share with you a simple Facebook ads strategy that can help you 10x or 20x your results on Facebook ads We will be using an AI tool and the resources that you should know and use when doing Facebook ads we will talk about is the strategy so in Facebook ads there are many strategies that will tell you SAO when it comes to scaling strategy step by step that you can watch on YouTube There are many of them and I also have many videos available on YouTube but the strategy that I will share with you is I Believe you did not know before or the first time you heard or maybe you have already done it but this one is my new approach on scaling my ads personally and with my clients from 10,000 to 100 TH a day more than before So the strategy that I will share with you here in our training strategy So basically the first thing we will talk about here is You need to identify Who are your competitors there are many advertisers that they do not They consider that they don't want to engage with them, they don't want to study their competitors and Did you know that for your Facebook ads to work, competitor research or market research is one of the best strategies for you to know and validate whether the paid ads you are going to do will be successful? So here you need to have market research, so market research or competitor research number two, let's talk about it here, I'll share the tool called the ad library number three, the f ads structure, even if your ads are new, you can use this structure, and this structure is designed so you're ready if you sell later on. Okay, so is that okay with you? So let's do this, let's talk about it. So the first thing we're going to do is study who your competitors are. So you need to identify, you should know your competitors. Let's say for example, first, you'll see one of my ads here. So I will be running multiple ads, multiple campaigns, multiple ad accounts, and as you can see here, in an ad account that I manage, that's February 4. You'll see the spent here. That's 63, so we're like that. eager when it comes to FB ads one of the things I'm going to teach you is the structures So you need to watch this video until the end so that's new here let's go to the competitor I will be using chat gpt and deep seck you're not familiar with deep seck this is the new ai So basically they are the same tool but let's compare which is better so here I will give you a prompt no prompt meaning This is the request that we will give or instructions that we will give to chat gpt so this prompt is just peace here on dips write me a list of my top 30 competitors for this brand Okay let's say 20 Okay that's a brand Here we go let's just copy-paste dph and then I'll put the website here Then I'll submit it so the same here with deep seek so they are the same they will generate That's okay not available search It's okay okay big brands global recognition powerhouse Nike Adidas Puma under armor Rebook new balance sketchers Okay great great so Here is the number for chat gpt 20 is Decathlon Philippines dips is number 20 is active fan Philippines athlete and Titan 22 and so on so they are different from what was given but um It's not far apart so there is also a description of dips global leader nice leader in sportswear with a strong digital Presence with with extensive Facebook ads campaign It's not that bad Nik philippines so this seems okay because you already know your top competitor brands you will find out what your competitors are doing because it's important that you know their approach so you have a clue because what they are doing is validated and They are the ones with big budgets in paid ads meaning if you run ads Do you have an idea or clue What are the types of ads they are doing toyota.com.ph so let's copy the link There I will also show you what you will do here is just edit change send then The same goes for chat gpt okay any of these two chat gpt or deeps you are using no problem what they gave is okay too um research top 20 competitors Toyota Mitsubishi Honda you put yourself in your other competitors so you have competitor research so it's better if your competitors have a website because you can study the nice 18 byds here so let's see search let's Mitsubishi Motors Philippines or Mitsubishi Okay let's see 99 O and majority here what are these Agents no So you will see here they have ads there Okay same type of ad but Yeah Look for something that will make you stop there in the ads but this one is Mitsubishi Motor Philippines it seems like their own campaign so Okay also their campaign that's what I want nice nice this one is video okay to video when There is L300 okay so most of here are just images these are ads managers Okay seller pages now You have an idea where to find the best ads here on Facebook and also a way to know that paid ads are working it depends it depends how long ago the ads this one was posted because it was posted here February 3 meaning yesterday because February 4 now just chatting That's impression date almost Uh one month running so total active times in 2 hours is platform here in Pababa That's January 23 so I mean need to say when this ad is running he's running for 2 weeks to 1 month or more than that It means his ads are effective because he's not killing his ads like he's working So that's one of the strategies where you can validate if the ad is running or effective when it's been running for multiple months more than one month that's ranking if you see an ad that's been running for one year that's great because the ad he created is very effective So that's one tip now What is the strategy when I run ads what's called FB ads structure so in FB ads structure what we'll do here in the ad account I'll show SAO Okay let 's create a camp here in the ad and then It depends on the ad you're using if you're engagement you can use it in engagement going to send message if sales then sales so let's say engagement you click on the continue manual engagement campaign then Here we go So now what you'll do is create multiple campaigns let's assume you're new to ads and it's your first time running ads you're also your first time exploring ads manager so all you need to do is create three add campaigns So basically our first campaign to do is You need to create a campaign called scaling Okay scaling campaign So the scale campaign means this is where all your performing ads will go So I won't go into SAO how to set up ads manager how to create as long as the Goal is all your performing ads that are working will go here Okay so another one we'll create another ad or campaign where you'll call it a testing campaign basically the campaign is this is where you'll put the ads that you want to run So by the way what are we doing cbo or non cbo it works because your campaign will test those ads So this one is where you'll panic and put that in the scaling campaign so you get that So what's the last structure now You should have a retargeting campaign, so coach. What is a retargeting campaign? Retargeting campaign is the ad campaign or ad set that you are launching where you only show it to people who have watched the video on your page that can go to your website and by creating an audience, so that's the custom audience. So basically this strategy is When we look back at that campaign, it means the structure. When we look back at that structure, this is the structure that will help you. So, is it better for your ads that are working and those that are not working? When in the testing campaign, let's say that one of your ad sets is performing and the status of your ad is good and the performance is good, what you will do there is that you are your idli. By the way, I can't date him because this ad account that we demoed is unsettled, but basically you will put him and that's what you will put in the scaling campaign. Okay, so all the ads that will give good performance or good results are put in the scaling campaign. All right, does that get there? So meaning to say that the structure is We talked about how you can organize your ads faster and now you won't have a hard time scaling and don't worry about scaling, just test all your campaigns, make sure to run multiple campaigns. The more ads, the better. The ones that will work, the ad sets, the ones you add in your testing. Move them to the scaling campaign. Once they're in the scaling campaign, what you'll do is increase the budget. It can be gradual or you can also increase your budget right away. So basically, in 2025, there's a lot of changes when it comes to FB ads. Previously, it worked. You really had to increase the budget slowly. But now, we've noticed that even though we increase the budget quickly, we still maintain the cost. Now, you have to send a Benchmark. The benchmark you set suddenly dropped, meaning you stop scaling. But when you see that your scaling is going on every day, it's going straight. That's why you're stable. Just keep scaling. meaning Facebook gives you good conversion So that 's that's the strategy of doing FB ads So if we go back to market research this one we did research earlier and then we used the FB ad library tool that's free and next is the FB ads structure what is the fbads structure that I showed you earlier fbads structure where you will first create three 1 2 3 campaigns so those three campaigns are testing Okay retargeting retargeting no problem even um It won't be consecutive and then this one is the scaling That's so by creating multiple campaigns per offer or product or for a client this is the only campaign you will need to launch His FB ads or your ads testing campaign retargeting campaign can't be lost It's a pity the traffic or those who showed interest and the scaling campaign already so hopefully the short video helped SAO and If you got a lot of tips and value any questions feel free to comment below this video and I'm so happy to answer your questions this is coach J See you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayGregorio [6 likes]: Facebook Ads Group For Pinoy Media Buyers - With FREE Video Tutorials. https://bit.ly/pinoymediabuyers
  2. @journeywithGandM [4 likes]: Super Generous at effective  ng mga tutorials mo. God Bless you more 😊
  3. @EarlHeteroza [2 likes]: Thanks coach for more tips to how can run this ads
  4. @juleiangelicaandes9932 [1 likes]: thank you for the tutorials
  5. @wmesprotector.since2023 [1 likes]: Thank you
  6. @jfdavao6400: HELLO sir new follower here .. so informative vblog mo <3
  7. @eggxecution: great!
  8. @keyboarding88: how
  9. @mariasophiafrancisco122: upskilling as content associate
  10. @TheGreatTraveler: How much po kapag testing?
  11. @khelvin199: Coach, how to run ads live selling?
  12. @wellness753: Salamat coach
  13. @KENSVENGaming: Ano po link para ma search mga ibang ads?
  14. @romarcarpio9012: You mean sir tatlo kailangan mong iboost na post ko for Scaling, Retargeting and testing?
  15. @nextgenrevenueaccelarator: Thankyou sir ja5
  16. @MarcelinoDulay-m4q: hello, pano ka po ma contact in private po .. thank u po
  17. @cresaljhaymaguray4699: Yung mga naka ads ba sa isang ad account mo sir is iisang niche?
  18. @JovenScottie1993: Good day sir 
Need paba pumili sa special ad category or ok lng kht Dina pumili bsta nka on
  19. @SwedyAlkobi: Paano.po yung A/B testing?
  20. @reymondelopre7830: Dko po gets ung ilalagay sa scaling campaign. Paano po?

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads used to work at first, driving leads and sales, but now have flatlined, or if you never really felt like they got off the ground to begin with, the problem is usually not your ads, your product, your targeting, or even the algorithm. It's probably your account structure. Most small businesses launch a few campaigns, throw all their ads into one place, and then try to scale. At first, it works, but as you add more creatives, more audiences, and more budget, everything starts interfering with everything else. New ads reset that learning, winning ads lose spend, retargeting overlaps with prospecting, and the algorithm stops performing predictably. And if that sounded a little confusing, let me put it this way. The brands that scale consistently, whether they're spending $100 a day or $10,000 a day, almost always have one thing in common. They run a structured system that separates acquisition, testing, scaling, retargeting, and retention. In this video, I'm going to break down the new best Facebook ads campaign structure for 2026, designed specifically around how Meta's algorithm works right now. We'll walk through five key components. The main campaign, where most of your budget goes, the scaling campaign, where winners get pushed harder, interest testing without confusing the algorithm, retargeting people who showed interest but didn't buy, and retention campaigns that turn customers into repeat buyers, if that makes sense given the nature of your business. So, even if you've never had real success with Facebook ads before, by the end of this video, you will know the exact steps to take to manage, scale, and optimize your ads for leads and sales. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. We've helped small businesses go from zero to thousands in revenue coming in every month from [music] social media. If you just want to see how we could do the same for your business with no strings attached, click the link below to schedule a free strategy call. Otherwise, we're going to jump in with the first of five steps on how to best structure your Facebook ads campaign, starting with step one, set up your main prospecting campaign. The foundation of almost every successful Facebook ad account is a single main prospecting campaign focused entirely on acquiring brand new customers. This campaign should usually receive around 80% of your total ad spend. If you're spending $100 a day, that means roughly $80 should go here. If you're spending $1,000 a day, roughly $800 goes here. The reason is simple. This campaign is responsible for bringing new people into your ecosystem, which fuels everything else in your account. So, if this campaign isn't set up correctly and drawing the right people in, the rest of the steps in this video won't matter. Inside this campaign, you want to keep everything as simple as possible, so you want to use a sales objective if you want sales, or the lead objective if you want leads. Set it on campaign budget optimization, so that it will distribute your budget in real time to the best performing ad sets, meaning you don't have to manually do that yourself all the time. And choose broad targeting. Meta's algorithm is smart enough now to read your ad copy, your creative, your destination URL, and find the right audience based on those things. It no longer needs you to enter in a bunch of detailed targeting options like interests and behaviors to figure out who to show the ad to. If anything, you can enter in age, gender, and location if any of those things truly matter for your business, like if you only service a certain local radius, or if your product is exclusively for women, etc. Otherwise, instead of narrowing audiences with dozens of interests, you're allowing the algorithm to do the work. However, there is one important rule here. For this campaign, you should exclude people who already know your brand. That means creating a custom audience of recent website visitors or social media engagers, add-to-cart users, and existing customers. And then once you've created that audience, exclude that audience in the ad set level. This ensures the campaign focuses only on true new customer acquisition. Now, the key structural element inside this campaign is something called creative packs. Each time you launch a new round of ads, you place them into a separate ad set pack. For example, broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. Each pack contains a different batch of creatives. This system prevents new ads from interfering with older ads that are already performing well. So, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, each pack, or ad set, gathers its own data independently. And over time, your prospecting campaign becomes a structured testing environment where new creative enters the system without disrupting existing winners. Once you identify ads that perform extremely well, those ads graduate to the next stage, which leads us to step two, set up the scale campaign. Your second campaign exists for one purpose, scaling proven winners. So, this campaign is where you duplicate your best performing ads from the first campaign and allow the algorithm to push more budget behind them. Think of this campaign is your high-performance engine. Inside your prospecting campaign, many ads will run. Some will fail. Some will perform decently. But a few ads will consistently generate strong results. When you find those winners, you duplicate them into your scale campaign. This campaign should only contain ads that have already proven they can generate conversions profitably. The structure here, again, stays simple. One campaign, one broad audience, and only winning ads. The algorithm then pushes budget towards the strongest performers. This setup prevents new experimental creative from interfering with ads that are already working. And again, instead of constantly resetting Meta's learning phase, you allow proven ads to scale efficiently in their own environment. Once your winners are scaling, the next step is learning more about your audience with step three, interest testing. Even though broad targeting performs extremely well today, interest testing can still provide valuable insights. However, most advertisers test interests incorrectly. They test new audiences and new creatives at the same time, which makes it impossible to understand what actually caused the performance change. Instead, the correct approach is to test interests using proven ads only. In other words, the creative is already validated, and it has already shown to work. So, now the audience becomes the variable. For example, if you sell fitness apparel, you might test audiences like CrossFit, Gymshark, or Nike Training Club. Each interest is placed in its own ad set, but all of them use the exact same proven winning ads. This allows you to clearly see whether the audience itself improves performance. Sometimes an interest group reveals a pocket of buyers the algorithm was not prioritizing before. And occasionally, those insights feed back into your broad targeting performance as Meta learns more about the ideal customer profile. Interest testing is not the core driver of performance anymore, but it remains a valuable way to expand reach strategically. Once new prospects enter your ecosystem, the next step is converting those who showed interest but didn't buy. So, step four, set up your retargeting campaign. Not everyone buys the first time they see your product. In fact, most people don't. On average, it takes seven interactions with a brand before a customer will make a purchase. That's why every account needs a dedicated retargeting campaign. This campaign focuses exclusively on people who have already interacted with your brand. So, typical retargeting audiences include website visitors from the last 30 days, people who added products to their cart, and social media engagers. These audiences already know who you are, which means your messaging should look a little different from the first two campaigns. Instead of introducing the brand, retargeting ads should focus on reminding people about products they viewed, showing social proof, addressing objections, and highlighting urgency or offers. The important rule here is that this campaign should only target these audiences. Meta sometimes tries to expand beyond retargeting audiences, which can cause spend to leak back into prospecting. So, to avoid this, make sure audience expansion settings are turned off, so the campaign stays tightly focused. Retargeting campaigns typically run with smaller budgets than prospecting campaigns, but they often produce some of the highest conversion rates in your account, because this is your warmer audience. Once someone finally makes a purchase, the next opportunity begins. So, step five, drive repeat purchases with a retention campaign. Many advertisers make the mistake of treating a customer's first purchase as the end of the buying journey, but in reality, it's just the beginning. Your retention campaign exists to turn customers into repeat buyers. This campaign targets only people who have already purchased from your brand before. However, not all customers are the same. Someone who bought last week behaves very differently from someone who bought a year ago. That's why retention should usually be split into two audiences. First is recent buyers, typically customers from the last 180 days. These people already remember your brand, so your ads can focus on complimentary products, upsells, or new releases. And then the second one, older buyers, customers who purchased further in the past. These audiences may need reminders on your brand overall, seasonal offers, or product updates to bring them back. Retention campaigns are extremely powerful because the cost of acquiring a repeat customer is usually much lower than acquiring a brand new one. When done correctly, they increase customer lifetime value and improve the overall profitability of your ad account. The reason this campaign structure works so well overall is that it separates different marketing objectives into their own environments. Your prospecting campaign focuses entirely on finding new customers. Your scaling campaign pushes winning ads harder. Interest testing allows you to explore new audiences without confusing the algorithm. Retargeting converts people who have already showed interest, and retention campaigns generate repeat purchases from existing customers. So, instead of one messy account where everything overlaps, you now have a system where each campaign has a clear purpose. And that clarity makes optimization easier, protects your best ads, maximizes your dollar, and gives Meta's algorithm cleaner signals to work with. If you implement this structure correctly, your ad account will get far easier to scale because every part of the system is designed to do one job extremely well. And if you want more breakdowns of real strategies that are working right now in Facebook and Instagram ads, make sure to subscribe because the platforms evolve constantly and the small business owners who adapt to their ad systems the fastest are always the ones who continue to profit.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=fbadstructure&utm_campaign=apr72026
  2. @LenaWoskowski: Everytime I try to test multipe creatives in one adset meta only gives budget to one that it likes the most. I dont understand how I am supposed to find winners without testing them individually. Is that a budget problem?
  3. @FhoodyCast: how many adsets in scaling campaign? and should I make new adset  in scaling campaign for each wining creative from the testing campaign?
  4. @HaleyMcDonald-u1k: Even when I click to further limit the reach of my ads, the interest can only be a suggestion. How are you doing interest targeting?
  5. @antoineholman6978: Great information! Thank you! Does this strategy still work well under the andromeda update?

- DON’T Use One Facebook Ads Campaign (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads, then you've probably heard about the one campaign method, a method that claims to be so good that all you need to do is throw all your ads in one ad set inside just one campaign. Now, as with most things, this is in fact too good to be true, and I'm going to completely debunk this strategy as someone who has spent over half a billion dollars in ads across 80 accounts that we manage at The Moonlight Ers and has driven well north of a billion and a half dollars in revenue for the clients that we manage and throughout my 10-year marketing career. In this video, I'm also going to show you exactly how you can set up your campaigns while using some of the methodology of the one campaign method, but not actually just using one campaign. So, I'll break down each of the campaigns that you need. I'll share exactly precisely why you need them, and we're going to debunk some of the issues right now because I don't want to see hundreds and hundreds of advertisers wasting cash at the wrong place at the wrong time, which you absolutely will do with a one campaign method. First things first, let me show you the one campaign method and why it completely does not work. Okay, so this first account is using the one campaign method. Now, in this case, this brand is doing quite well with it, but they could be doing so much better, and that's the key thing we need to understand. When we look inside this account, we see a single campaign that's been active for this period. It spent $128,000, which is a lot of money. It's driven 4,900 purchases at a $26 cost per acquisition to drive over half a million dollars in revenue at a ROAS of 4.39. So, really, really good metrics. However, the devil is in the details as it usually is because when we just do two breakdowns, we completely debunk this method 100%. So, first things first, what we need to look at is our audience segments. So, if you go to breakdowns and audience segments, we're now going to see the distinction between new audiences here, existing customers, and engaged customers. Now, if you don't already know what these are, I highly recommend setting them up. This is going to show you, if set up correctly, where you're spending your money on new audiences versus existing customers versus engaged customers. And you can see in this case, around $55,000 is being spent on engaged and existing customers, where new audiences spends $73,000. And because this is just using one campaign, Facebook has the ability to freely shift your budget from new audiences to existing customers to engage customers. You have absolutely no control over who specifically is receiving what ads, and way more important than that, you have no control over how much spend your existing versus your engaged versus your new audiences are spending. Now, on top of this being an issue, the more important question strategy work tremendously well for? If you're a brand spending $10,000 plus a day, even 20, 30, 40,000 dollars plus a day, this could actually work. And the reason this could work is because as you spend more and more and more, Facebook can't just keep hitting your existing customers. They have to go find new customers. But if you're one of those businesses that's spending $500 a day, $1,000 a day, $2,000 a day, Facebook is going to overspend like crazy on your existing and your engaged customers. Imagine if you were this brand right here that I have on screen, and you thought for sure that when you're putting money into your prospecting campaign, you think you're spending on more new customers and new customers, but in actuality, you continue to spend on engaged and existing customers. And I'm going to show you one more breakdown that proves this even further. When we go to our column set, we go to compare attribution settings, and we click incremental attribution. Now, what incremental attribution shows us is which conversions happened because of Facebook ads. This is not accounting for people who would have converted without these ads, and I think this is a very, very important distinction to make, especially in this campaign setup. Reason being is very clear. So, if you look first at our return on ad spend new audiences right here, the first thing you would think is it's only at a 3.3 compared to existing at a six and engaged at a 5.4. Therefore, you should absolutely spend more on engaged and existing, right? Cuz that's where you're getting your highest ROI. Now, that's debatable in and of itself, but let's ignore that argument for a second. When we use incremental attribution, incrementally, our engaged audience only drives a two all the way down from a 5.4. That's a 66% reduction. And our existing customers only drive a 1.3. That is a massive 80% plus reduction in return on ad spend, where our new audience, of course, it drops. It drops from 3.3 to 1.6, which is a 50% reduction, but it is the least reduced of them all. So, where do we actually want to spend our money? We actually want to spend our money on new audiences and engaged audiences. We are way overspending on existing customers. And the final thing I'll show you to absolutely validate this is our reach to impressions ratio. Look at our existing customers and our engaged customers. They cap out at 165,000 and 155,000, which means our frequencies on these are really high, which we can see right here. Our frequency is eight on engaged customers and 14.8 on existing customers, where our new audiences are only getting hit on average five times, and we're able to reach an entire new market of 1.75 million people. Okay, so what should you do? What is the actual best strategy that aligns with Andromeda, that aligns with some parts of the one campaign method, but ultimately doesn't ever put you in this situation where you're way overspending on existing customers, way overspending on engaged customers. Now, first thing I'll say is if you are one of those huge brands spending $20,000 a day, go ahead and try something like this because you will be able to outpace and spend a whole lot more on new customers. It is the businesses that are spending $1,000 a day, $500 a day that are going to get wrecked by this strategy. They might get higher return on ad spends in a very short period of time and then get toasted because they're not acquiring new customers, which if you don't look at these breakdowns, you're never going to know. So, what would I suggest? What do we do here at The Moonlight Ers? I'm going to show you the inside of an account and exactly how we run it. We run all of our accounts on a modular setup. We call this the M3 method. Now, the first part of the M3 method is structure, and that structure always has swim lanes. Swim lanes are so important. We have clear prospecting, clear retargeting, and clear retention. I don't want anyone to get this confused with top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel because it is very different. We are not curating creative to different parts of the funnel. We are not saying that the user starts here and works their way down the funnel eventually purchasing all the way at the bottom of the funnel. What we are saying is that we want to treat new customer acquisition, engaged acquisition, and existing customer retention as three different swim lanes. So, how do we actually set this up? We're going to work backwards. We're going to start with our retention-based campaign setups, retargeting next, and then prospecting finally, which is the biggest, most important thing you need to focus on. Starting at retention. Inside the retention campaign, you're generally only going to have a few different packs or a few different ad sets. In this case, we have one cuz we're not spending that much on retention. Now, the most important thing on retention is that we have all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed together. That's your Klaviyo audience combined with your pixel audience. I'll show you exactly what that looks like. Inside the ad set, if we scroll down to our audience section, first things first, you're going to notice Advantage Plus is off. Next thing is we have our location set up properly, our ages are wide, our genders are all on, and we are including purchasers 180 days and our two lists from Klaviyo, which are our Klaviyo purchasers 180 and our Klaviyo purchasers all time. You'll notice also we do not select use as a suggestion, and that's it. That is our entire setup of retention. We're just putting all of our creatives into this as long as they apply to existing customers. For example, we're not going to be putting in, you know, new customer offers within here, but we are going to put in new products, new arrivals, anything that's specifically curated to existing customers or just best sellers for them to keep coming back and buy again. The next campaign is retargeting. Now, retargeting gets slightly more complex. We have three active campaigns that are recommended campaigns for retargeting. Again, you can go beyond this, but these are our initial recommendations. Every brand is slightly unique. In this case, we have add to cart 90 days, website visitors 30 days, and then Instagram plus Facebook engagers over the last 14 days. These are really, really important because they cover the base of who's engaged with our brand in a short period of time. You have your add to carts, anyone who's actually gotten to the very bottom of the funnel and actually added a product to cart. You have your website visitors over the last 30 days, and then finally, you have anyone who's interacted on your Instagram posts and even your ads over the last two weeks. Now, I'll just show you one of these audiences so you have a better idea of what exclusions we set in place. You'll notice right off the bat, our audience definition is going to be narrow. That's cuz we are strictly targeting a very small cohort. And if we go down to the audience, Advantage Plus is off. We have our custom audiences inclusions and exclusions. Our inclusions are our Klaviyo website visitors and our website visitors, so that's a hard list from your CRM plus your normal website pixel 30 days, and we are excluding purchasers 180 days, purchasers 180 from Klaviyo, and purchasers all time from Klaviyo. And then finally, we are never using the use as a suggestion because that would take this audience and completely ignore all the exclusions, completely ignore all the targeting. We want to uncheck this box. And then finally, last but not least, the prospecting CBO. Now, we were just talking about that one campaign method. The one campaign method has a great philosophy behind it. It's a philosophy that you could just throw all your ads together and create a hyper competitive environment. And if you've been watching my content for the last 2 years, I have been stressing the importance of a hyper competitive environment. It has never ever ever been more important, especially with Andromeda, to put all your creatives in a competitive place. And that's exactly what we do in our prospecting CBO. The prospecting CBO is set up in such a way where we have dozens of packs. And you could see this right here. This is someone's account on my team who's doing this perfectly perfectly well. You could see one pack has spent the majority of the cash because those are the winners. And the cool thing about this is this is not the first pack we launched, right? In fact, there's dozens of other packs that we've tested. So, the way that we set this up is very simple. We have a primary prospecting CBO campaign. And every time we launch new creatives, those get launched into a new ad set, aka a new pack. Now, this whiteboard is something you may have seen before. And I really really want to focus this on the prospecting campaign. If we scroll into this prospecting campaign, I want to explain why this is hyper competitive and why this actually does exactly what the one campaign method is supposed to do. In this environment, what you have are individual packs. And every time you launch new creative, you launch a new pack. The winning ads rise to the top naturally. And the losing ads get very very little spend. And most of the time, we actually keep those ads active. That's your choice if you want to pause those ads that are only getting a few dollars in spend, or if you want to continue to keep them active. The great part about this setup and why I like it more is because the ads each have learnings. And every time you add a new ad to an existing ad set, you exchange the learnings. Meaning, we add a new ad up here. And then suddenly, the budget needs to be distributed to not only these four creatives, but an additional ad in the mix. That's what happens in the one campaign method. The reason we always launch new ads in a new pack is because they don't interfere with any budget allocation only on the campaign level. So, we're not interfering with any audience learnings, which are happening on the ad set levels. We're only interfering with campaign budget optimization, which is literally the function of campaign budget optimization is to add more ads so that it could spend the cash in the appropriate best performing spot for you. The other big key difference of this campaign structure is that it allows you to easily graduate winners to the top. So, in this setup, we graduate winners in two places. If you have a winning ad, a killer ad, you graduate that into the winners bucket, which goes into two spots. It goes into the scale campaign at the top of the account, and it goes into interest groups, single interest ad sets, which increases the efficiency of the broad ad sets because it actually finds new pockets of audiences that expand your total broad audience again and again and again. Now, keep in mind, every single strategy can change. Every single strategy will change. I have changed my strategy on this channel right here over the last 2 years with a little tweaks and modifications based on the millions and millions and millions of dollars that we spend across our entire client portfolio here at The Moonlighters. So, look, if you want a real pro that's actually going to take the learnings across dozens and dozens of different ad accounts that we manage at The Moonlighters to make sure you never misstep, you never implement the wrong strategy, you never kill what's already working, and that you can get your hands off of ads management within your business, then click the link down below in the description. And by the way, I also have a link to my entire M3 method, which breaks down this structure plus M2 plus M3, which you can get 100% for free, again, down in the description. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments below, and I will see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l107
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l107
  2. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: Is this structure also recommended for lead gen? Multiple people here already asked that question, would highly appreciate an answer! 🙏
  3. @meloneyduke [1 likes]: This is a game changer strategy! Thank you for sharing ❤
  4. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Perfect
  5. @solidz_shadowxx4478: Will this work for real estate
  6. @vamseereddy571: I see what your saying...
but here I am with my 1 campaign and my prospecting ads have daily frequency of 1.05 or less, so what am I concerned about here?
  7. @ahmedmehmood293: Well the debunk never tell about how much ROAS the existing and engaged customers generated, higher than new ones..so I think it's working perfectly fine
  8. @Mark-so2tg: is the 3-2-2 method the best lead gen for service based businesses? 3 creatives 2 headline 2 primary texts, in one ad?
  9. @yooabduls.spacejam: But wont testing six ads at once mess with the client's mindset.
  10. @Garo_Tcherpachian: audience learning happens at the campaign ...
  11. @thejeansguy: This probably seems like a dumb question but is your claim that for every $1 spent your clients averaged $3 in revenue?
  12. @manvendrachaudhary401: Just exclude the existing customers from your OCM. One Campaign Method is Isane in Every Way.
  13. @EliteBrandswithDanNikas: As someone who’s managed accounts at different spend levels, this is such an important nuance that most advertisers miss.

The “one campaign” idea sounds efficient — and in high-spend environments it can work — but for brands under $2–3k/day, it’s usually a shortcut to distorted data.

What really stood out to me here was the incremental attribution breakdown. That’s the piece most people ignore. On-platform ROAS looks great when you’re recycling engaged and existing audiences… but if incremental drops 60–80%, you’re not scaling — you’re just harvesting demand that was already there.

Separating prospecting, retargeting, and retention isn’t about overcomplicating structure. It’s about controlling capital allocation:

How much are we investing in net-new customer acquisition?

How much are we monetizing warm traffic?

How often are we tapping existing buyers?

When Facebook has full freedom inside one campaign, it will optimize for the easiest conversions — not necessarily the most strategic growth.

I also like the modular “pack” approach inside prospecting. You still get that hyper-competitive creative environment (which is critical), but without blowing up learnings every time you add a new ad.

At the end of the day, structure should match scale.
Enterprise playbooks don’t always translate to $500–$2k/day brands.

This is the kind of breakdown that saves people months of “good-looking” results that don’t actually move the business forward.
  14. @hevra5991: I do not see High performing or high performance badges on any of your campaigns? Is that Normal?
  15. @Flightcoach: Loved it! But what do you mean by "graduate to" near the end. Is that an automated proces? How do you set that up?❤
  16. @Dulyman_1: 0:05 I find it hilarious you don't know how to address the existing vs new customers.
  17. @wisebodyafter60: Awesome content.
  18. @lanaleksandra: im so confused, because I was coached by 9 figure ecom experts that MEta does retargeting right now, and I dont need to add any rules like 'people who added to cart'
  19. @adspoc: I have a product, a digital product, Single product nothing else. I made 3 ad copies. Ran a broad campaign, Found an obvious winner. Duplicated into a new campaign and used that single winner, Its running. Its ok. I made the second campaign learning from the adcopy of the first, similar broad. it seems to be running as well. its ok nothing great. I made a third campaign learning from both the ad copies, well its running as well. 3 Campaign, 3 Winning adcopies. All Broad. They perform good alone but as i add more campaigns they dont perform as well. they dont perform as i scale.  I am just not able to scale. my final attempt :  I envisioned a single campaign with 3 of my winners and hoped i would get tons of sales on each ad copy.
  20. @ts-sanjay: Hey Sam, your concept is awesome to launch every creative in a new pack (adset). What's your POV on audience fragmentation? especially for a small budget account.

- The Best Facebook Ad Campaign Objectives in 2025 (from an expert): Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you the best and the only Facebook ad objective that you need to use to maximize your results. So, look, you're in Facebook ads. You go ahead and create a campaign. And this is the first thing that Facebook shows you. Choose your campaign objective. And it gives you six different options. And this has forever been a long-standing thing of which is the best objective, right? If you want awareness, you know, you want the most people to see your ads, you know, it makes sense to maybe run awareness ads or a traffic ad or engagement ad, right? And then you also have an ad just for leads and an ad for app promotion, an ad just for sales, right? And so ultimately, if you're trying to maximize your results, which should you pick and what are the purposes of the other objectives? Now, to cut right to the chase, the way to understand these campaign objectives is you literally only want to select the one thing that you want. So look, if all you care about is eyeballs and attention, and all you care about is the most reach, the most, you know, brand awareness and views, then you should totally select awareness. This is going to give you the cheapest CPMs. It's going to give you the most exposure, and it's going to give you the really the the cheapest quality of people also that just view things on Instagram or Facebook, but don't actually really convert into a click, don't actually convert into a lead, and don't buy anything typically, right? And so, it's the cheapest audience, but it gives you the most views, right? So, that's not so great for business objectives where you're ultimately trying to collect revenue. So, you can kind of see where I'm going with this, right? Next, you have traffic. So, again, same thing. If if the main goal that you have is to get clicks and nothing else, run a traffic campaign, right? But we don't recommend that either because what are clicks for ultimately, what's the purpose of clicks? It's usually to either convert into a customer or maybe generate a lead which ultimately would convert into a customer. And so traffic itself isn't going to bring you customers. It's just going to bring you cheap quality clicks. Same thing for engagement. If you want engagement on your posts, if you want engagement on your stories, etc., The only reason that traffic could be a good campaign is if you're looking for Instagram followers, right? And so you can see that there is an objective right there that says Instagram profile visits. And so it's great for that. If you're looking to generate followers, this is the best objective that you can use for that to get people to your Instagram account to potentially convert to a follower. Okay, next thing you have is engagement. So again, if you're looking to get engagement on your posts, video views, post engagement, uh shares, likes, etc. Right? That's where the engagement feature can come in really handy. Again, not going to convert to customers, not going to convert to clicks, but people are going to engage on your post because that's what Facebook knows this audience group does. Next, you have leads, which essentially collects information from customers on Facebook. So again, Facebook knows which customers actually like to put in their contact information and sign up for things. And if you're a business that has a longer sales cycle, for example, me at Jet Ads, our agency collects leads, which then we need to convert into customers long term, right? And that can go through a nurture sequence such as a call funnel or or just a long-term email nurture sequence. And so leads in that case could be good for your business. Okay? And then you have app promotion. So again, if you have an app, right, this conversion could make sense for you. This objective could make sense for you. Obviously, it optimizes for app installs. And lastly, look, if you want to maximize your results, the best is for last in this case, right? Sales is going to give you exactly what it says. It's going to give you the most sales for your budget. With this campaign, you're going to see a higher CPM. You're going to see higher cost per clicks, but ultimately you're going to see a lot of ad to carts, initiate checkouts, and the best cost per purchase that you can expect out of any of these campaigns because the quality of traffic is the highest. These people have money. They are interested in buying products through Facebook and Instagram. And ultimately, it's going to give you the best chance at getting a high rorowaz and maximizing your results and scaling. And look, I managed tens of millions of dollars in ad spend. And bar none, the entire industry says and agrees with this. If you want sales, optimize for sales, right? You never want to choose any of these other objectives because ultimately Facebook really just gives you a bunch of garbage in terms of, you know, eyeballs and traffic and engagement, right? But none of them actually really convert to sales. And so you want to run a sales campaign if that's your goal, unless in some cases, you know, you're a lead uh, you know, type of B2B business and you rely on leads, that can also work in that case. But in 99% of cases for e-commerce, online sales, online transactions, a sales objective is the one you want to go for. All right. And just to illustrate this a little bit more, okay, like I touched on with those other objectives, this is pretty much how Facebook works, right? Think of this as Facebook's entire database, right? It's like three billion people or whatever it is, you know, including Instagram and all that, right? And so Facebook has essentially broken down their entire audience pool across the world into these six objectives, right? There's people that are good for awareness, there's people that are good for traffic that like to click on things, there's people that are good for engaging on posts, and there's people that are good for leads, and there's people that are good for app promotions. and you know downloading apps and things like that and then there's people that are good for actually buying things on their platforms right and so globally or you can know you can just do this by country as well it's the same thing in countries if this is the United States then the United States has a population of people and you know on Facebook only a percentage of those people actually typically buy things on Facebook and Instagram right and so Facebook knows who those users are it knows roughly what your product is that you're selling and it is going to show people your ads because they're the most likely to convert, right? And so this would be your sales campaign. And this is where you're going to again maximize your rorowaz. And essentially what Facebook does is there's very little overlap between these audiences. And so, you know, you're going to have uh if you run an awareness campaign, you're really going to be running this to a completely different segment of people on the internet that ultimately don't buy things. They just view things on Instagram. Uh maybe they don't have a lot of disposal income or that's just not their shopping patterns, right? until Facebook knows that the quality of traffic again is a lot cheaper and ultimately you're going to get a lot of views but no sales and that's where you're going to see you're going to get so many more impressions than you would with a sales campaign but you're ultimately not going to get a roz right and that applies to the other audiences as well so you have engagement you have traffic and then you have leads and I would say you know it's not a perfect science you don't you know of course perfectly understand how the algorithm works but there's likely some overlap between some of these audiences right and so of course leads right is a more valuable audience than traffic or engagement or awareness um and it's ultimately looking to convert to sales, but it is lower quality than just right. We're looking to convert to a conversion essentially. And so there's likely some overlap with a lead audience and a sales audience to where Facebook can target people that are obviously more valuable to your business. And you want to optimize your conversion such that you can track those leads through the funnel and ultimately feed Facebook back the data that it needs in order to optimize for the correct type of lead that is ultimately the most valuable to your business. Right? And so that's kind of getting high level and technical, but all that you need to know is to maximize your results. Choose the objective that you want. If it's sales, optimize for sales. If it's leads, optimize for leads always. All right, so I hope that helps. I hope this is the last video you need on objectives and understanding how they work. Just choose the one that you want. Just choose sales. That's all you need to know. Don't worry about anything else. All right, but if you do have any questions, let me know in the comments. I'm happy to get back to everybody there. If you're interested in ads at all as well, and you want to learn more about how to run ads in the best way possible, subscribe to the channel. I'm releasing new videos every single week on the best practices to running and scaling ad accounts. Again, with my experience at Jet Ads, managing tens of millions of dollars in ad spend. Okay? And if you're looking to dive right in, I recommend checking out this video next. cuz I think you're really going to like it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SendItBilly [1 likes]: What about lawnmower services and i don’t have a website. Want to get customers on the phone to close the sale.
  2. @gerardothestudent [1 likes]: If I want to promote an online language course that's on my website, is it recommended to use the Sale option?
  3. @dheyllaindyaningrum4934 [1 likes]: wow ur so clear at explaining! thanks bro
  4. @5thousandsubscribersnovide851 [1 likes]: if i’m targeting business owners; im assuming leads work better. im trying to sell something but as you mentioned, the sale campaigns may target consumers; people that buy products. as I’m looking for people interested in reinvesting into their businesses. what do you think? sales or leads for someone targeting local business owners that are interested in reinvesting.
  5. @Farisinaction [1 likes]: What is the best objective for services sale?
  6. @TeamTasia418 [1 likes]: What kinda add will be best for concert event
  7. @GaalfulirBor [1 likes]: I'm from Bangladesh. I have no  website I can use sales objective for Ladies bag sale?? Plz reply 😢
  8. @Salafi_321 [1 likes]: Can we select "Engagement objective" for shoe Sales?
  9. @BF-FIT [1 likes]: If your a fitness coach making videos to msg key words to start conversation to convert to zoom calls to close  clients which do you suggest if not using pixel and just dm ads ?
  10. @DrewGallagherMusic [1 likes]: As a musician trying to sell merch to a cold audience, it's challenging on any platform to select a sales objective or bidding strategy. People haven't bought from my experience. However, if I select non-conversion objectives, I build up audiences ot retarget that are not purchasers. I want to build up a fanbase to sell merch to with ads, but I'm not sure what strategy to use objective wise. Should I just continue to try sales objectives?
  11. @HRH_Miracle [1 likes]: What is best objective for an NGO Brand
  12. @rafaelsmdc [1 likes]: I'm a real estate agent for a Developer. I only sell what the developer offers. Sales process typically lasts 2-6 weeks but Sales is also a priority. I believe sales is the right way to go, but How would I know if I Should I go for sales or leads campaign?
  13. @LizaDedeTetteh [1 likes]: How can i choose sales objective when I don’t have website
  14. @ascinemas2197: I want to run meta ads for business It management targeting business owners with free assessment to check their systems what would be the best campaign?
  15. @VictoriaAndrewUfot: I sell fashion items so what is the best objective for me to choose

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- How To Run Facebook Ads Inside HighLevel Ad Manager In Under 5 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you there's a way to launch Facebook ads without touching Meta Ads Manager in under 5 minutes? If you guys want to learn, keep on watching. First, you're going to click create campaign. Select Facebook, then hit ad manager template. Next, select a template that best suits the vibe that you're going for. In this example, I'm running an ad for my jiu-jitsu academy. So, I'm going to choose this martial arts template and then hit continue. After the template is done loading, step three is to select a lead form that you want to connect this ad to. What this is doing is allowing Facebook ads to collect new lead information and transfer that data into High Leo's contact section automatically. I like to leave my call to action button as learn more as I found this works really well. Then select your ad placement. For this example, I'm leaving it on auto as I'm going to let Facebook determine the best places within their platform to serve my ad. Next, I'm going to edit my primary text so that my messaging fits who I'm trying to attract, which in this case is parents with children. If I ever get stuck trying to write my ad copy, I usually use Chat GBT to help me out. In this example, I don't like the pre-built offer. So, I'm going to adjust this template and change my offer from 20% off their first month to 10% off a season pass plus a free GE uniform. For this example, I'm also going to choose the carousel option. Then, I'm going to select the picture creatives I want to advertise and select insert files. I don't want to use a stock image, so I'm going to delete that. Then I'm going to copy paste my offer into the headline section here so my offer is clear to my audience. I like the way this is looking and I'm just going to double check to make sure my Facebook page and Instagram account are connected within High Level and then hit next. Then I'm going to select my daily ad budget. Uh for this example I'm just going to start off with $10. Since I'm advertising for my local jiu-jitsu academy, I'm going to select a few different zip codes that are within a 10mi radius of my academy. Once I'm done with that, I'm going to select English as a language. And since I'm advertising my kids jiu-jitsu program, I'm going to target parents. So, I'm going to change the age range to 30 to 65 and up. Then, I'm going to rename the title of the ad at the top just in case I'm running multiple ads at the same time, I know which one I'm looking for. Uh, then I'll hit next. Now, before I make my ad go live, I'm just going to double check everything. So, everything's looking pretty good. So, I'm going to hit publish. When I refresh the page, I can now see that my ad is green and it's published. Another thing I love, aside from this being incredibly userfriendly to launch ads, is that it's also really easy to view ad performance by clicking on statistics right up here. over a three-day span and a $10 ad budget. I can see that my ad has about 1,600 impressions. 42 people clicked on my ad, and my cost per click is 59. My click-through rate is 2.59%, which is good. Usually, anything over 1.5% is great. So far, I've gotten one lead. So, my lead cost right now is $24 in ad spend, which means my cost per lead is $24. All right, guys. There you have it. How to launch Facebook ads inside a high level without touching Meta Ads Manager in under 5 minutes. I hope you guys enjoyed the video. Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joshprice32000: Do you ever have issues with your meta account or after you synced it to your GHL it just works without issues?
  2. @armandojimenez9688: Instagram too! 🙌
  3. @TheFundadoresl: Thats so helpful
  4. @Gennysings: This was so awesome!
  5. @djmountnine: Is there a way to remove those black bars on the side of the ad image? Or is there a certain size they require?

- Facebook Ads Master Class, Step By Step, See Inside Tour🎥🎥: Kind: captions Language: en hey okay so I'm back here Robert once again with the Facebook masterclass training so if you guys are ready let's go ahead and get started I'm here to give you guys a quick tour of what's inside our Facebook master class so let's go ahead and jump right into this you should be able to see my pointer on screen okay I'm going to scroll down and just give you a quick tour real fast of the landing page and then we're going to go straight inside the members area now if we slow down right here you can see these videos here just click on this video here and this one here the two green ones and that's actually going to show you two samples of how I actually train this is how I actually teach inside the Facebook master class so really cool you get to see exactly what you guys are getting if you're interested in learning Facebook marketing and running Facebook ads like a pro okay so I'm going to keep scrolling down you can see all kinds of things on the page you can come back here and read them of course we do offer other courses if you're interesting if you're interested in getting other courses we do do have these here course creator and two bads Pro besides the one that I'm on now Facebook Master Class okay at the very bottom is the purchase button for the Facebook Master Class there it is there just go ahead and look for The Links at the end of this video or on this page so let's go ahead and scroll back up to the very top here now if you guys are interested in running your own Facebook ads instead of Outsourcing then this course is for you it's super easy to learn so I'm inside the members area here you can see that we have a welcome video here that's me right there and you can see all the courses that we basically offer so what you what you basically do is come here you watch this video first I'm going to explain a few things on just how it works here but it's pretty easy you just come down here if you scroll down you can see all the videos here and basically we have 24 in this module in this training module so you just go ahead and watch from left to right you watch this video and you go straight across all these videos are shot in short segments anywhere from 10 minutes long all the way up to 30 minutes and I don't miss anything as you can see we start with the basics we're going to show you how to set up your pixel API conversions adsets campaign objective lead uh setup I mean pretty much everything that you need to do the structure duplicating ads interest targeting pins I mean everything you need to learn on how to run Facebook ads like a pro so this is exactly how you actually do it and you get to see me in real time getting leads one after another and the reason why I know how to do that I me I'm actually one of these people that do a bunch of ads I'm always running ads on Facebook all the time so I've been doing this for years and years and that's why you can learn from me and actually see me do it so I'm a professional marketer and especially with Facebook ads that's right so if you're looking to learn Facebook marketing and you're trying to figure out what's the best way to make sure that you're getting leads that your ads are converting or you're just sick and tired of doing Outsourcing then this course is for you I keep saying that because you can learn how to do your own thing instead of trying to Outsource everything because when you run a campaign for a client and they tell you you want to change one thing or you want to just adjust something if you Outsource that you cannot change anything once it is set and running they will not change it for you because it's inside the campaign first you have to wait for them to get back to you and so forth if it's you you're just going to go inside your campaign and turn something off or on and that's exactly what I teach everything here is laid out in short segments and you can learn this super fast so again if you want to learn Facebook marketing then it's all right here I don't miss anything just stop Outsourcing learn this because this is one of the skills that you need to know if you're going to be doing digital marketing and especially for clients if you're into smma social media marketing agency stuff then this is exactly what you guys need to learn and again it's all taught by me an HD video there I am right there and that's the welcome video and here's all the courses that we do offer if you have any questions go ahead and just send it over and don't forget at the end of this video to learn more just click the link or click or click the learn more button and that's going to take you exactly to find out more exactly how this works or if you wanted to go ahead and get this training now so again I will see you guys on the [Applause] inside

  Top Comments:
  1. @SellingCoursesOnline [1 likes]: let me know if you have any questions, see you on the inside🎥🎥

- How To Create A Lead Form Inside Facebook Ads - Step-By-Step Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys hi my name is Josh also known as Yoshi Bear Jay and in this video I'm going to be showing you guys how to create lead forms inside of the Facebook ad platform this is great if your website isn't optimized or ready to take on leads but you still need to capture leads some way somehow right so I'm going to show you guys how to create the form and I'm also going to show you some extra features that are going to help you guys even more so guys let's not waste no time let's get into the video so when you're running your lead campaigns people will fill out the details on the Facebook platform on the Facebook platform without having to go to your website or anything like that this is great for those of you who don't have a website or maybe your website isn't optimized to capture leads but you still want to capture these this is a way to do it um by capturing the leads on the platform and I'm going to show you guys um a few more things that are going to help you in terms of getting more leads using Facebook and Instagram ads so here's how you do it guys just click create right here then click leads then once you've done that you just click continue then once you've clicked continue you're going to get to this campaign level right here all right we're going to turn this on I will leave this at twenty dollars just just as an example guys click next right here so guys as you can see here in this ad set level you just click instant forms once you click instant forms that's as we get through to the ad level that's where we can create our form to capture leads on the Facebook platform so you click this then make sure you choose your page make sure you've accepted the um the terms and conditions um to capture people's information then we'll come down here and I'm not going to get too into detail here but here's where you put the location the age or gender and all that good stuff then you basically leave this as Advantage placements or you can do manual placements it's totally up to you where I'm trying to get you to is that is the part where we can create the actual form also make sure that you optimize it optimization for ad delivery is leads that's what you want right it leads right here yeah that's if you want to capture people's information but if you want to capture people that are going to convert as in buy from you later they can turn this to conversion leads so there's a difference here guys leads if you want people just to come in and just give you their information but conversion leads these are people who are going to convert later down the road this for now these leads then once that's once you've done that you just click next right here now guys we are at the ad level now once you come here make sure that your page and Instagram page is all there and it's all well and good then hair is obviously where you put the actual image or the video that people will see in the ad so when people are scrolling on their Instagram or scrolling their Facebook this is what they're gonna see then you put a primary text headline description and all that great stuff then right here this is the important part guys this is the important part guys select create form once you've done that we name this form best form and then we can choose more volume higher intent or custom so basically this is going to include like more um sort of like visuals and stuff like that but if you're trying to just get leads coming in more volume that's what I always choose anyway then here you can upload the image to to add some personalization to your form to your lead form you could do that or you can use the image from the ad you can use the image from the ad so at least there's some consistency so whatever image that you put in where people see your ads that image will also appear in your lead form so people can see so so computer can be like all right there's some consistency because when there's consistency there is trust if there's no consistency the trust goes especially from the customer or your audience foreign so this is where you put in the headline this is what people will read so as you can see here this is what people will see when they click your ad to interact with the actual lead form this this is literally what they're going to see yeah so put in your info for more great stuff as an example then you can put in more information so if you want to put in more information about what they're going to get you could say exclusive discounts or something like that right so this is where you're going to put that information then click on questions now questions is basically what you want from your lead email name number whatever you want so here already it says email full name so those are things that I can that I can get so basically when people want to give me the information they're going to put an email and full name but if you want to need more information you can put in stuff like um their phone number you can put in stuff like the postcode you can put in so I'm going to put in phone number so there we go so I put in phone number and here so in order for me to capture their lead they'll have to give in all three of these information and you can move this around in order of importance to you then when you get down here you go to privacy policy and here you want to put the link that goes directly to the privacy policy of your website like Facebook don't play about when it comes to capturing people's information I think they're super transparent with how they've done it um and this is great um because it normally protects Facebook but also protects you as the business owner as well right so I would I would honestly follow this to the team and don't miss out any steps to prevent your ad from being rejected or Worse still your ad account from being banned so that's where you put the privacy policy in here and then when you and then message for leads now when they've already put in their lead right you can say hey thanks you're all set you can customize this right you can customize this how you want you can say thank you for your information um you'll receive your discount code or something like that whatever you want to do and then what you can do is you can ask them to view the website call the business or view file now this is great if you're if you are wanting to get people's leads in exchange for something like um a checklist a free download a free whatever it is a free digital product whatever it is in in exchange for their details so this is how you do it you basically click view file right here and you click add media and you put in your free digital product in here so as soon as they've given you the lead it's going to give them an opportunity to download this product as you can see here this free download is yours to keep awesome and this is all on the Facebook platform so they have to go to another site they don't have to go anywhere it's literally all on platform so if it's all on platform that means that data and the tracking is going to be a lot more accurate because you're not gonna have to worry have to worry about iOS 14 15 stuff and then in the in the call to action text you can put in download or something like that and here this is fully customizable and it's done right and then once you're happy with that all you got to do is Click publish and you're good to go so as your ads are running and people see and they give their lead then they can then they'll go through those questions and then they'll say you're all set and then they can either download the file call your business or view the website if they want more information right guys if you're a company that's trying to get leads for your for your business in any way shape or form do it like this do it like this especially for those of you who who your what your website isn't fully optimized to get catching leads but you know you need to need you need to run lead campaigns then this is a way to do it right guys also if you want to learn more in-depth stuff click the link in my description for more information on how to do Facebook ads and Tick Tock ads properly and it's completely free guys as usual I'll be coming back with more tips and tricks to help you guys so guys see you later

  Top Comments:
  1. @yoshibearj: Sign Up To Get Free Access To My Courses - https://www.skillshare.com/r/profile/Yoshi-BearJ/649860590?gr_tch_ref=on&gr_trp=on

Facebook Ads Creative Tactics Mini Course - https://www.udemy.com/course/facebook-ads-creating-an-effective-creative-strategy/

Get Your Free Facebook Ad's Secrets Guide - https://bit.ly/3jB9Esh

My Ultimate Facebook Ads Course - https://goldstarsocialmedia.com/ultimate-facebook-ads-course/

Contact Me If You Need Help With Your Facebook Ads
https://www.fiverr.com/share/Yd0v8Q

Instagram - @goldstarsocialmedia
Tik Tok - @yoshibearj
Email - ccontact770@gmail.com
  2. @ezekielpraise1695: Where does the lead generated go?
  3. @ezekielpraise1695: Does this show on IG reels and story placement as well

- How to Run Facebook & Instagram Ads Inside the CRC Marketing Hub (Full Demo): Kind: captions Language: en Hey, credit heroes. Some people are just a natural on social media. They love being on camera, posting every day, going live, and creating content to grow their business. But what about the rest of us? What if you're shy? Or what if you don't want to be on video? How do you attract clients and grow your business fast without doing all that? Well, here's how. [music] Today, marketing legend Max Nolles is going to show you how to launch a Facebook and Instagram ad, write the copy, create the image, [music] and even set up an AI sales agent to respond to your leads, all in under five minutes [music] right inside your CRC marketing hub. You'll see how to use AI and automations to bring in new clients, even if you never want to post, go live, or make another video again. And here's the best part. This is the exact kind of automation that our credit repair millionaires use to grow their businesses so fast. [music] Because when your marketing runs automatically, your business can grow while you sleep. Check this out. What I want to do today is I'm going to show the audience how to create meta ads. And people are always asking, what is meta? Well, meta is the new name for Facebook and Instagram, right? So, it's the same thing. So meta ads that convert. So not just a boosted post, not organic post. We're talking about actual ads where you're putting some money behind. And it doesn't have to be a lot, but at least you know that what I'm going to show you here today will produce potential clients for your business. And it's going to be all powered through two very important resources. Chat GPT, which everybody has access to now, and a CRC marketing hub, which obviously CRC subscribers have access to. So, if you're not a subscriber yet, make sure you jump on so you can get access to the CRC Marketing Hub. Everything I'm going to cover, you can download for free. Obviously, you just go to the link, the famousgroup.com/crc slides. It'll include the slide deck I'm going over. It'll include all the prompts I'm going to go over, the knowledge base, and the workflow setup. So, literally, you're going to have an entire marketing machine that people would normally pay hundreds, if not thousands of dollars for. You're going to have access to all that information here after we're done here today. So, let's get right into the first part, which is creating your first meta ads campaign. Now, I'm not going to spend too much time on this part because this part is pretty straightforward. You can't set up an ad unless you have a Facebook page. Can we agree on that? Right. So, so you've got to set up a a business page first. And you know, the easiest way to figure out if you don't know anything about Facebook, just Google or go to YouTube, setting up my first Facebook business page. That's it. And just follow the instructions. Literally takes five minutes to do. Once you set your page up, you're then going to want to set up your ad account. And again, everything is on the internet. So, I don't want to spend too much time on this part because most of the people who are watching this already have, I'm assuming, a Facebook page, right? Okay, but what we want to dig into in this part is the creative part, like the actual ad itself. Like what do you say in ad? How do you know if it's compliant so you're not breaking any rules? And then from there, how do you actually create graphics even if you're not a graphic designer? Well, the secret is we're going to use chat GPT to write high converting TSR compliant ads in minutes. So even if you don't know anything about ad writing, no problem. Chat GPT is going to do it for you. So the first thing you're going to see here is going to be the prompt. So Chad GPT will basically do anything you want, but you have to give it a set of instructions. So I've already created the instructions for everybody here today. All they have to do is just literally copy all this information. Now the only thing you're going to want to change is the company name. So right here it says demoofinancial LLC. So and and of course the website is demofinanicial.com. So, what you will do and when you download this, you will have one where it says replace it with your company name. So, literally just copy the entire prompt and then you're going to open up Chad GPT. Okay, so let me just refresh this really quick. And when you log into Chad GPT, you're it might seem a little overwhelming, but don't worry. All you need to do is just do exactly what I'm going to cover here in today's video. You're going to click new chat, and all you're going to do is paste that prompt right here. So, look at what Chad GPT is doing. It's already spitting out the ad content for me. I don't know if you can see it. It might be small, but it says here, here's the hook, right? Most people don't realize how much inaccurate or outdated information could be affecting your credit until they take a closer look. So, that's a hook that we can use in the ad, right? Then it has the offer. The offer here says at Demo Financial LLC, we'll help you understand your credit report, identify what may be hurting your score and take steps to improve it right away. Right. And then the call to action, message us to learn how your credit repair works and where to start. It even gives us ideas for images we can use. So, as it's begin giving us information, this information is literally the information that we can copy and paste into the ad setup. So then that way we don't we literally don't have to sit there and try to be creative or think of any of this stuff. So that how long did that take me to copy and paste that prompt and get ads written? Look at it. Already gave me three variations. Took us less than 5 minutes right now. What's going to be the next part? We have the ad text. The next thing is now we need a creative a visual. Well, I'm not a graphic designer. Maybe you're not a graphic designer, but guess who is? Bob the AI is. So now all I'm going to do is tell chat GPT Bob make me some images. So now I'm going to say, oh look, it's already asking me right here. Would you like me to generate actual creatives for each of these descriptions next? I can produce them instantly in clean meta approved style. And I'll say yes, let's start with one ad first. And how about we make it more specific and say let's uh target homeowners, people who want to buy a home, right? So then that way the image is going to be something related to that. And we can even tell chat GPT what we want on the image. How about I say uh I want uh add an image of a home and a woman smiling. And let's see what happens. And again this is just a first step. But by doing this first step you've already taken care of one of the hardest part in ads which is figuring out well what are you going to say in your ad? What are you going to design for your ad? It literally takes a minute or two. Oh, look at that. And if we don't like it, maybe we can tell it, hey, can you um put some cars in the driveway? Can we put, I don't know, um I don't know, maybe maybe change the person. Let's change the outfit, right? Or maybe you can throw your logo on there if you have a logo. So, you now just literally have created um your your ad in in a in a matter of five minutes. So, there's no excuses, guys. There's really no excuses. Okay, so that's step number one. Once you have the ad text and the visual, what's the next step? It's time to launch your first ad. So, how do we do that? Well, traditionally, this is where everyone gets stuck. You're going to log into the meta ads manager, which looks like this, right? And when you first see this, it looks really weird if you've never seen it before, and it could be overwhelming. And I will kind of just touch on this briefly, but then I'm going to show you how easy it is to do it through the CRC marketing hub. This is what the ads manager traditionally looks like, right? And I'm actually showing you a campaign here. This is one that we're actually running for a client. And so if you don't know anything about the ads manager, you're going to be really overwhelmed like what do you mean? Like what does this mean? What's all what's impressions? What's frequency? What's link clicks and all that? Well, you don't need to worry about any of that stuff. I mean, it is important, you know, as you start increasing your ad spend, but all we're talking about here today is how to get your first ad set up so you can start getting sales immediately. And people ask me all the time, Max, what type of campaign should I set up to run ads for my my credit repair business? Well, you're kind of limited in terms of what you can do because of a lot of the new rules that have come into place. So, the best campaigns that I can recommend right now are going to be messenger campaigns because this allows prospects and leads to communicate or or reach out to you through chat, whether it's Instagram or Facebook, and start conversations, conversations through the DM. The purpose of this part is to show you how to actually set up the ad. So, once you have the ad image and the ad text, how do you actually build a campaign? Well, this is when we log into the CRC Marketing Hub. One of the most powerful tools that you have at your disposal. When you log in, if you haven't already activated yours, make sure you do, but this is what it looks like. It's a dashboard. You're going to see there's probably nothing on there just yet. So, there's a marketing tab and then you're going to see something called ad manager. Okay? Okay, so you want to click on that ad manager. And this is going to basically give you the ability to create ads on Facebook and Instagram without actually being logged into Facebook and Instagram. You can literally do it in three clicks. Okay, so the first thing you'll have to do is you got to connect your page first. Okay, so you have to have your Facebook page as we talked about earlier. Once you connect the page, and I have uh you know this one example dummy page here right now, you just select the page you want to run the ad from. Once you do that, all you got to do is click create campaign. Okay? And again, we're running the ad on Meta. You do have the option to do it on LinkedIn as well or Google, but let's just focus on Meta right now. Meta is Facebook and Instagram. We're going to click next. Now, there's an option to start from scratch. Okay? So, if you want to start from scratch, that's probably what we're going to do here. Uh let's just do that. But I also want to let you know there are some templates ready to go too. So if you're okay with that, I'll just show you some of the templates that are built into this. Um, let's just do that, right? If we just did that one really quick, hit next. And then all I got to do is type in the word credit repair. Okay. And what do you know? We've already got the ads here ready to go. Let's take a look at it. Wow, the ad's already there, right? And so all I got to do now is hit choose template and it's going to uh create the ad. And I'm just going to go in there and just tweak it a little bit. And we're good. We're ready. We're ready to publish, right? So, let's see what what we have here. Okay. So, now let's change the objective. This is important. We don't want website traffic. Okay. The objective is going to be engagement for Messenger. Okay. Engagement. So, make sure it's very important that you guys do that. Now, this is probably the most important part when creating an ad, and this is where everybody who's ever had problems with their ads, meaning their ad account gets shut down, their ads keep getting u disapproved. It's because they aren't declaring the special ad category. Like that's so important, guys. It's such a simple thing, but it's so so important. So, you must declare what category your ad is in. It's obviously financial products and services. So, we make sure that's selected. And if if it's not selected, your ads will not be approved. Just so you know, it'll get immediately rejected. Okay. So, once that's done, we now go to the ad set level. And then you can see, okay, we're going to connect the pages here. Okay. Okay, whatever your brand is should show up there. Okay, so obviously it's going to be a different brand than what you're seeing here. And you literally don't need to do anything here. Facebook's going to show the ad everywhere. So whether the person is on Instagram or Facebook or even other partner network websites, your ads will appear. So you're going to literally take your business from your own backyard and now become omniresent. The next question people ask me all the time is, "What should my budget be? How much should I spend on ads?" Well, that's all relative to your business. If you are just getting started and you've never ran ads before and you only have a handful of customers, well, start small. You can start with $5 a day, you know, $10 a day. Start some start small. And then what you're going to want to do as you start getting clients, start allocating a percent of every single customer that revenue that comes in towards marketing dollars, right? And then that's how you begin to scale. And if you're like, "Well, I'm ready to scale fast right now. I want to get a lot of customers. I want to get a 100 customers as quickly as possible." Well, don't start at $5 a day. Maybe up the budget to $50 a day, right? And so, it's all relative to your budget and and and where you are in your process as a CRO. But in this example, let's just go with $5 a day. Okay? And then the next question is, well, where are you going to target? Well, as you know, certain states are going to be restricted and you cannot advertise your credit business in every single state. So, you need to be do some research. And obviously, I'm not going to spend the time doing that right now, but what you're going to want to do is is go through the the resource that Credit Repair Cloud has on one of their blogs, which talk about the different states that require bonds and licensing and all that other stuff and the states that don't, right? So, you want to make sure you're aware of that. And then, of course, you can include that here in the specific location that you're going to target. Now, here's the million-dollar question. What targeting do I use to get the right people to my ads? Well, things have changed in 2025. And so, I will tell you that the number one change that's happened in advertising is AI. AI has literally revolutionized advertising and put everything on its head. So, the Facebook algorithm knows exactly who to put your ad in front of. And so while a lot of people you you'll listen to and talk to say, "Hey, you need to have all this different layered targeting. You need to target homeowners. You need to target, for instance, we can target Credit Karma. So people who use Credit Karma, that's a big one. You see that right here? If we just go ahead and put one interest here and just make sure the audience is big enough, that's all you need. And at the longer your ad runs, the AI that Facebook has, right, the algorithm is going going to take that one little instruction saying, I want people that are interested in Credit Karma, and start finding the millions of people that are actively either clicking on ads for credit or actively using Credit Karma or other websites, anybody that has actual behavior where they're looking into something related to credit or finance, fa Facebook knows this. Even if someone mentions the word credit report, it's going to know and it's going to immediately show your ad to these people. Does that make sense? So, you don't need to get too bogged down with this. The last thing I'll I'll do here is talk about the age range. And here's the thing, you cannot alter the age range in your ad uh when you are categorized as a financial service. Okay? It's just part of the way it is for whatever reason. But don't worry about it. I know some people might get so hung up on, well, I don't want 18-year-olds seeing my ads. No problem. Facebook's going to put your ads in front of the right people. And again, that's to why it's important that when you run ads that you don't just run it for a day and turn it off. Let the ad continuously run. The longer it runs, the more it optimizes, the better the leads you're going to get, the more customers you're going to acquire. So, I just wanted to go through this part. The last step is the ad itself. And so, here's where we can actually just paste the information Chat GPT gave us. So, let's just go ahead and grab one of the hooks that we like. We'll just use uh let's go with this one here. Most people don't realize. Okay, we'll use that one there. And I'm going to just paste that. Let's do it for the headline right here. That's a little long actually. So, we'll just do it right here. And then I'm going to copy the primary text with the offer as well in that same primary text. You know what this didn't give me was a good head. Oh, there's the headline. Let's do it right there. Fix credit the right way. And that will be our headline right there. So, I just copied the text from the ad that chat GPT gave me into the ad uh level here. And now it's asking me to select a a conversation form. You don't need to get too caught up with this cuz I'm going to teach you the the X factor here that's going to make all this run automatically. So, when you get here, just simply click on create a new conversation form. And then just go ahead and hit add question. And then just create a simple question like uh you know how does it work? It doesn't matter what you put here. Doesn't matter at all. But for the sake of this process, it's going to require that you have a question here. And then for the response, just leave it blank. We just hit create. And then just make sure you select that right there. Okay. So the last part is the image. We did create that image. For right now, just use the image that's here. But if you want to change the image, just click this little pencil and then we can go ahead and change the image. No problem. Okay, so just a recap on setting up the ad. Let's just go back here to the top. Make sure you check engagement and special ads category is financial products. That is the most important part of this whole thing. The second thing is making sure your page is set up, meaning it's connected here. And then whatever daily budget you want to have and what states you plan to target. Everything else you can just leave blank. The last part is just copy and pasting what chat GPT gave you for the ad text. If you want to change the image, you can. It's really up to you. No problem. If you don't like that image, like I can just delete that, hit upload, and then I can upload a new image. But for right now, we'll just keep it simple. Right? Again, I could use the image that chat GPT gave me right here if I wanted to, but for the sake of time, we'll just use this template. All right. So, there. Now, we're ready. One, two, three, liftoff. Ready to publish. Confirm. Congratulations. You just set up your first Meta ad. And how long did that process take? Well, if I wasn't explaining every detail here, it literally would take you two minutes, right? Literally two minutes. And then you can see the campaigns that are currently running. So, if I hit publish, this is what's published right now. I was just doing this to test things earlier. Um, if if something failed, like for instance, it gets rejected. You will see it here and and why. Okay. So, now what? You got your ad going. It's going to take maybe a few maybe an hour or so to get approved. Once it's approved, your ads go live. But we're not done yet. There's one last thing that we need to set up here. in order to get this system dialed in. So that way you're not having to sit there and do everything yourself. So to do this, what we're going to do now is we're going to build an AI bot that's going to talk to all the leads that come in from these ads for you. So let's talk about how we have to how we're going to do this. So in your marketing hub, you'll see a tab that says AI agents. You're going to click on that. Okay? There's only two things that you have to do. Number one, we're going to create a knowledge base. Now, a knowledge base, think of it like instructions for the AI. So, this is going to be everything that you want your bot to know about your business. So, I've taken the liberty of creating one for everybody that you can just borrow. Okay. So, I'm going to click on knowledge base and this is it right here. So, it just has a bunch of frequently asked questions that are typical like what does your company do? How does your credit repair process work? How long does a process take? And so all these questions here are, you know, questions and answers are designed to train our bot. Now, there may not there may be some questions here that aren't listed. And I just created a generic one so that way everybody here who's brand new can just copy and paste. But guess who wrote this knowledge base? Not I. It was Bob the AI. So guess what? All I have to do if I want him to update it or her, it could be him, her, it doesn't matter, right? I can just copy this, throw it in here, and I can say, let's create, hey, can you update my knowledge base for my company, you know, fun times LLC? Just paste it. And now Bob the AI is going to rewrite my entire knowledge base for my brand. So again, that was just to show you how simple it is. So now all we're going to do here is grab the link. Okay. So, all you to grab the link, you're going to simply click on these little dots here and you're going to hit copy link. Now, one thing that you have to you guys have to know is that you got to make sure that document is accessible. So, you got to make sure it says anyone with a link. You can do viewer because normally it's restricted, right? So, you just got to change that. Once you have that, hit done. And now you're ready to train the bot. Here's how easy it is to train a bot. So, we're back at the knowledge base section. Create knowledge base. We'll just call this uh we'll just say, you know, test as an example for now. Create. Now, all we're going to do is click on add source. Click on web crawler. And I'm just going to paste that link right here. And in 5 minutes, the bot will have memorized everything in that knowledge base and will be able to answer any and every question that your leads that are coming in from your ads will have. And so, it's fetching, it's reading, it's learning. But when it's all done, this is what it's going to look like. It'll basically say trained. So, that's the first step. The last and final step, and then we're pretty much done here, guys. Uh, I'm having fun, and unfortunately, we're about to wrap it up already. It's happening so quick. I love this. Uh, we're going to go now and create the bot that will speak for you on your behalf through through Messenger, right? So, to do this, we're going to click on conversation AI now. And then we're going to click on the tab agent list. Now, agent list, I already created one just to save us some time, but I will show you what to do really quickly. You're going to hit create bot, and all you're going to do is just click guided form setup, general Q&A. We're not doing appointments per TSR, right? So, everything is going to be done through the purpose of this bot is to answer questions and then direct them to a sale uh the website so they the prospect can get all uh see everything visually, right? So, we'll hit continue. And then what we're going to do is going to ask you to create a brand voice. So this part right here may look a little overwhelming, but guess what? I already have it done for you guys. So all you have to do is just copy and paste. So that brand voice is right here. So you can literally just copy target audience and then just paste it. Target audience customer pain points. Copy here. Boom. And what are we doing? We're building the personality for our bot. And again, if you don't know how to do this, you don't have to know how to do anything other than copy and paste because I've already done it for you to make your life easy. So, once you've copy and paste all the details here, obviously put your company name, your websites, your email, all that stuff. Okay. Um, so now what we're going to do, this is what it's going to look like. The bot will will be done. Okay? We'll set it up. And then you have the option to let the bot run on autopilot. So, whenever a lead comes in, it's going to immediately respond. Or it could be a hybrid where it tells you a response and you can choose which one it takes. I personally like autopilot. Just let it run. Let it do its thing. You know, I'm busy doing other stuff. Let Jess, we you know, just for this example, let Jessica handle all the leads that come in. So, now that we've got the bot set up, let's go ahead and train the bot really quick. So, I've already uploaded the knowledge base here and it knows everything about my business, right? So, I'm going to ask I'm going to ask Jessica a question like, "How does credit repair work?" So, I'm going to ask the question and the bot's thinking and the bot is going to respond. Let's see. There it goes. Credit repair starts with reviewing your credit report, finding errors or un unverifiable items, blah blah blah blah blah. Right? And it's asking me what my name is. Okay. Let's ask another question. How much does it cost for the service? And by the way, do you see the thumbs up and thumbs down here? You see that? If you don't like the response, you can hit thumbs down and then you can tell it what you want to say instead. So, you can just replace this with something else. So, you can literally just tell the bot how you would respond and it'll take, you know, it'll it'll update it. The last step, guys, is sending people like your your website. So, here's an example of a website that you would send someone to. Since you're not jumping on the phone ever with people, it's important that your website can answer their questions so you don't have to. So, your bot can send people to your website. There could be a video of you talking and explaining your program. So that way, you know, people get to know your brand. Obviously, you can explain some of the items that you have on your report. You can have your pricing here as an example, what's included, testimonials, which are very important, right? Even having FAQs, really important. So, the whole point is to have a website that can really support that prospect in getting all the information they need to make the right decision for themselves. How cool was that? Max just showed how to build a complete Facebook and Instagram ad with copy, image, targeting, and an AI sales agent that chats with your leads automatically, all inside your CRC marketing hub. This is the secret behind how our millionaires grew so quickly. They automated everything. They stopped chasing leads [music] and they let their automations do the work. And now all those same automations are built right into your credit repair cloud and they are free. With the CRC Marketing Hub, you can run Facebook and Instagram ads. Build landing pages and funnels. Automate texts, emails, and follow-ups. Keep every message, text, email, DM in one simple inbox, and even train your very own AI sales agent to close clients 24/7. So, if you haven't turned it on yet, don't wait another day to make your business [music] easier, faster, and more automated. Log into your credit repair cloud right now and activate your CRC Marketing Hub so you can start automating your business just like our millionaires. And if you don't have a Credit Repair Cloud account yet, what are you waiting for? Start your 30-day trial right now at creditrepcloud.com/freetrial. And keep changing lives.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tom101k [2 likes]: Was this tutorial recorded a while ago? My Meta ads campaign screen looks way different  , its hard to follow through .
  2. @frankclay2091: Has the URL for the CRCslides changed? I'm getting a 404 error.

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  3. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  4. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  5. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  6. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  7. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  8. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  9. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  10. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  11. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  12. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  13. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  14. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  15. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  16. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  17. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  18. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  19. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  20. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?

- How To ACTUALLY Analyze Facebook Ads Data In 2025: Kind: captions Language: en How does an expert media buyer actually analyze and look at an ad account's data? If I showed you a live ad account right now, would you be able to tell me where are the bottlenecks and how to fix them? Well, whether or not you can, that's exactly what I'm about to share with you in today's video. Now, if you're new to the channel, you don't yet know who I am. My name is Justin Lawn and I'm the founder at paid advertising.com, where on the one hand, we help businesses implement a scalable ad engine, and on the other, we grow ecom and info businesses to multi figures with paid ads. With that being said, we profitably spent and advised on over $15 million in ad spend in the last 12 months. And let's get straight into today's video. So, I've got open up in front of me two different ad accounts today to show you two different analysis processes. I've got an info product ad account and then I have an e-commerce ad account. So, this info product ad account is going to help me talk about lead generation optimization. So that is for info product businesses, ad agencies, anybody who's like in the B2B space or all in all even local businesses. So if you're someone who generate leads and needs to generate sales opportunities to have more money. So what I mean by sales opportunity, I'm going to talk about a call, an in-person meeting, any sort of like meeting based selling. This is going to be relevant for you. So, the way I typically set my columns up for an account like this one is as such. For whatever reason, right now it is like blurring out the lead column. I don't know. It feels like it's not loading. But if I look over the last 30 days right here, what I usually do is this. So, I'm going to set up reach, then CPM, then link clicks, clickthrough rate, all outbound clickthrough rate. That is if you're sending traffic to a landing page. As an example, if you're going to be doing instant form lead optimization on Meta, you would do a link clickthrough rate right here. You're not outbound because you're not sending out of Meta, you're sending like through a link on Meta specifically. Landing page views, leads, which again is just blurred out for whatever reason right now. Cost per lead, application submitted if you have this funnel. So here, essentially what I'm doing is I'm showing every single step in the funnel and how much they cost me. So this is a VSSL funnel as an example. So, I'm running an ad. I'm sending people to an opt-in page, which they have to put in their information to get access to a video. Once they opt in, they get presented a video, so a VSSL. Then, after that, below the video, there's a form to fill out to submit an application. And once people have submitted the application, and if they're qualified, they get redirected to a calendar page to book a call. And once they do, then they finally get redirected to a thank you page, which is somewhat irrelevant for data tracking right here. As I've set up my entire tracking utilizing, in this case, go high levels workflows and automations to send data back to my Facebook's conversion API. So in this case right here, that's why I have landing page views, leads, cost per lead, application submitted, cost per application submitted, appointment scheduled, cost per appointment scheduled, and finally purchases, and cost per purchase. Now, how do I track that? Well, it's pretty simple. A lot of people seem to not know that this is possible. Say you use go eye level. What you could simply do is anytime one of your closers or somebody on your sales team actually ends up collecting a payment and closing a deal, they probably do a certain action on the CRM. So I'm thinking you mark this opportunity as one or you move it into a pipeline stage that says like closed. Well, you can use that with an automation or workflow on GHL to trigger an event that sends back a purchase event, the meta, which is what we do exactly in this case. So now let's go back to analyzing those metrics. Well, first and foremost, we always need to start by the absolute end. Meaning, I could not care less about what my clickthrough rate is, what my cost per lead is, what my any of my costs are, regardless of what my CAC or cost per purchase is. So in this example right here, well, let's take which campaign has the lowest CAC. Well, we have this one right here at the bottom, which does. And then we have this one right here, which also has uh or this one, sorry, I should say, which has the lowest CA. So, our top three lowest CA campaigns are those three, which are the only three campaigns that have a below $1,000 cost per purchase. So, let's take a look at something pretty interesting, which is always kind of what I I like to do in these cases. It's like, I'm just going to take one of those campaigns or perhaps these two here. I'm going to disregard the one at the bottom because he barely spent any money. Uh, we did kill this one quite early because we had some trouble with tracking on that one. So, anyways, we ended up keeping other campaigns that we have right here. So, CAC only campaigns below $1,000. And luckily, well, there are two of our highest spending campaigns in the last month. This one right here was also one of our top spenders and had uh in this case the third best CAC. So, that being said, these two campaigns right here, right, let's just take CAC $900 and $800. Okay. Well, do they have the lowest cost per appointment of all campaigns? Not exactly. Funnily enough, this campaign right here, right, the one I just selected, the third one right here selected on my screen, has the lowest cost per appointment with $241 per call. But it doesn't have the lowest CAC. What does that mean? This probably means that the appointments scheduled by this campaign were either not showing up as much or they weren't as qualified, so they weren't closing as much. So, this is kind of interesting. Let's go another level down. Cost per application. Do these two campaign have the lowest cost per application on the account? Well, not necessarily. This top campaign right here has the lowest cost per application uh or lower cost per application than this third campaign right here, right? But funnily enough, again, its CAC is higher and its cost per appointment is higher, which again, we can only assume that these leads are not as qualified because they apply but don't book as many calls. Let's keep going. Do these two campaigns have the lowest cost per lead? Well, this top campaign does, right? This prediction one, it does. But this second one right here, $47 cost per lead. Uh there's actually slightly lower right here with this other campaign that we have. But again, it has a higher CAC, which all I'm trying to demonstrate you right here, the reason why I always start with the end of the funnel in mind. Same thing with e-commerce business where I always look at CPA. Well, I want to see what gets me a better, you know, cost per purchase, cost per acquisition, because there's no and and I I cannot stress this enough, there's literally no correlation between a cost per lead that is low or a cost per application that is low or a cost per appointment that is lower and a lower CAC. Like zero. It is not a direct correlation. If you have a lower cost per lead, it doesn't mean you're going to have a lower CAC. Okay? We have campaigns that have a higher cost per lead but a much lower CAC at the end of the day. And this is kind of the same reason why let's say for e-commerce businesses I always also tell people like I get asked plenty of times, hey Justin, should I start a new like I've got this new ad account. It's a brand new business. Should I just run a campaign and start optimizing for let's say traffic or like link clicks and then after that go to uh add to carts and then go to checkouts and then go to purchase? Not really because there's like no correlation between you optimizing for traffic and whatever this is going to end up, you know, converting or not. Like this is two completely different things. The people who click don't necessarily convert. That's what we see right here. People who become leads don't necessarily become purchases to become the people who apply don't necessarily end up making a purchase. The people who even book in a call don't all end up making a purchase. So optimize for purchases. That's the first thing I'd say. Now I'll go all the way at the front of the funnel right here and talk about usual click-through rate. Now, this is kind of funny because my personal usual KPI is I like to have 2 to 3% clickthrough rate all and 1 to 1.5% outbound clickthrough rate, which were actually lower than these two metrics right here, which means we're sending less traffic than I would usually be comfortable with on an account. All that that tells me right here is that like our ads to the amount of people we're currently showing them are not the most interesting. like we're reaching a lot of people who are not necessarily fully interested into the creative that we're showing them. So, if my clickthrough rate is something that like say I want to optimize those ads metrics right here. It's like this is too high of a cost per lead as an example or too high of a CPA for me to be comfortable with, then clickthrough rate is usually one of the first things I start looking into. It's like how can I improve my ads? Now, granted, this is one of our ad accounts which all ads running on this ad account are actually video ads. So then what I can do is look into hook rate and hold rate which will tell me if I can improve my clickthrough rate. So I'm going to add a hook rate and hold rate right here and then go to the right. Here you go. Now I can see the problem happening with those ads. Our hook rate is very strong. I always try to have at least a 25% or more hook rate. That is the amount of people who are targeted by your ad. So reached divided by your 3se secondond video views. Actually the opposite. 3se secondond video views divided by the amount of reach that you have. So I always try to get again 25%. Here I have 45% 42% 57% 61% 45%. So our hook is amazing. It's like people are like stopping their scroll and watching the start of the video. They at least watch the first 3 seconds. a significant amount of people watch the first couple of seconds of the video. So, that's great. But then take a look at this. This is where it gets uh kind of interesting. We have fairly short ads overall, usually less than a minute long. And I optimize usually like I want to have a 10 to 12% hold rate. This is the amount of people who actually stick through the entire ad. Now, why haven't I first looked into that at the start of the video? Well, the reason why I didn't look at that is because again, this doesn't mean anything. I hook rate means already something a little more than the rest because truthfully if somebody watches less than 3 seconds of a video ad it's borderline impossible for them to be in the mindset to make a purchase you know decision or to make an opt-in decision. It's like the first 3 seconds realistically cannot be that interesting to the point where you're like, "Oh, wow. I really want I need this, you know, I need to opt in." It's like, no. But does somebody need to watch through an entire one to one minute and 30 seconds video to then make a decision? No. Right? Somebody could watch the first 15, maybe 20 seconds of this ad and be like, "Damn, that's great. I'm just going to click and go see, you know, what this is about." Right? So, hold rate, I don't hold as much importance to it. But here, if we're just in the mindset in this video of analyzing those stats and finding out where I can improve those ads further, I'd say hold rate. So, what can I work on to improve my hold rate? Well, in this case, I could work on a better pacing. So, having more cuts and more effects into my ad creatives, right? So, that's usually like one of the easiest ways in which I can improve hold rate. I could also work in the like the body itself of the ad and take a look at like if I wanted to explore that further, I could also add to my columns right here as an example. So video plays at 25%, then video plays at 50% and then video plays at 75%. And then what I can do in this case is I can really just dive deeper into my funnel of my ad creative. So, as an example, if you take a look into that right here, it's like, okay, well, video play at 25%, there's about 23,000 people. Okay, great. Video play at 50%, 16,000. So, some drop between the two. Okay, got it. 75%, there's, you know, again, somewhat consistent drop you could say. And then pretty steep drop for video play at 100%. So, okay. Now, what you want to find out essentially is where is the steepest drop between each of these steps. And if you notice, as an example, oh well, between 25% and 50%, there's like a pretty steep drop, let's say, in that video. Like there's there's there's a very big drop. So, what I could then do is considering that this is my best funnel right now, I'm just going to go ahead and assume that the video gets the videos at least or the ads in this in this campaign, they get so interesting that people don't need to watch through and they click out to opt in on the website. But again, in a mindset of wanting to improve this campaign, I could say, well, let me go back to the drawing board. Let me look at my top performing ads in this campaign. So, if I was to open up this campaign right here and go to my um adsets right here, which have like all these, you know, different DCTs, I'm like, okay, well, the ones getting the most spend is clearly these two. So, got it. Now, especially this second one right here, DCT5, very steep drop between my 25% and 50% video play. Okay, so I'm losing half of my people right here. So something's happening between these two steps in my video. So let me go back with my editor. Let me look through the first quarter and the second quarter of the ad and then see how can I make it so that people stick past that second quarter and onto the third quarter of the ad. How can I again get this more engaging? Did I perhaps do less motion graphics? Was there less animations? Was there less cuts during this time of the ad? like I can then narrow in and create a new iteration from this current winning ad to further improve my results as an example. Okay, so with that being said, this is kind of usually how especially like video creatives, how I would look into those. Now, I'm going to go quickly to the e-commerce side of things right here and start speaking about, you know, what are what are some of the things that you might notice for an e-commerce business. So the way I usually set up my columns for an e-commerce business is going to look like what I have on screen. So very similar to earlier, reach, CPM, clickthrough rate, all outbound, link clicks, landing page views, add the toards, checkouts, purchase, purchase, conversion value, amount spent, rowass, and conversion rate right here. So when I look into a funnel like this one, very same exact thing. I would look into my rorowass or my CPA at the end of the day and if this is good, I can kind of disregard the rest. Right? So, as an example, if I take this campaign right here, which was a limited time campaign for Memorial Day, was our clickthrough rate the best? No. Was our rorowass great? Yeah. Do I need to care about the clickthrough rate? No. Why? Cuz my ROS is great. That's it. It's literally hard metrics which are lower in the funnel are trumping everything else in the funnel. All this means to me is that I perhaps could have improved the creatives ever so slightly. Or it could also mean on the opposite that I was reaching a somewhat narrow pool of individuals who the limited amount of people who clicked on those ads were super intentful in converting at a higher rate, which is exactly what you see right here. Our conversion rate on this campaign, it was 5.5%. So 5.5% of all the traffic that we sent to the website ended up making a purchase. Okay? 5.5% of those landing page views ended up purchasing. So that's great. What this tells me is I was sending less people, right? but more intentful people. Great, right? That's that's it. It's really just if there's there's one thing you got to remember here is this. So, rorowass CPA uh CAC, whatever it is, whatever your lowest funnel metric is that you can track trumps everything else in your funnel. Now, let me keep going and I'm going to go back for a second to my info product funnel that I have right here. You can also optimize based on your funnel stats from what you see right here. So something that I could as an example track is what is my optin rate. So right here, take this campaign as an example, okay? And I'm going to calculate that manually, although I could create a custom metric to calculate this. But I've got 415 leads divided by 4,735 landing page views, which means I only have an 8.7% optin rate, which therefore tells me my optin rate needs an improvement. Why? The average KPI in the lead genen space is about 15% opt-in rate. 15% of your traffic should opt in. So here this means that most people were sending to the landing page, they don't find it interesting. They're bouncing out of the landing page. They don't even take action as soon as they get on the landing page. That's not good. So okay, now this is something to consider. Now the lead to application ratio, you you might be asking now why is this a little higher? Actually, we're finding that right now our applications are slightly over reporting uh when it comes down to it. So, this like disregarded. So, what I'm going to do instead, I'm just going to go lead to appointment scheduled as of right here. Like how many of our leads total end up booking an appointment? So, let me take again this first campaign. So 56 lead or 56 appointments divided by 415 leads which means 13% of all of my leads end up booking an appointment. What is the average ratio you should optimize for? I would say 10 to 20% is a pretty good ratio to optimize for usually. Okay. Usually you should be able to get half half on self bookings versus setter bookings. So meaning if you can get about 10% of your customers to book on their own. So they go through the VSSL funnel, they go through the whatever type of funnel you have and 10% of those leads end up converting into an appointment, that's great. That means that your funnel was well designed for people to book in an appointment on their own. It was easy enough for them to follow. Now if you're below that, it means you can optimize your funnel. And on the flip side, if your setter booked ratio is 10% or less, that also means that your setters are not converting enough of your leads into appointments. Because now those leads right here, they should be hammered with appointment setters who text them, send them messages on WhatsApp, voice memos, calling them, and they should book one out of 10 leads or so on their own into an appointment. So again, this should be 10 to 20%. So what I'm seeing here is we probably have a little bit of opportunity again on the setting side to improve that. It either tells me here when I look into stats like this where set like the appointment setting rate is a little low. It's either setter/funnel needs some work or it's the quality of leads being pushed through the funnel is like a little shaky and so the team has like a harder time to set these leads into appointments. So again this is something to consider. Now moving on we have right here purchases which essentially is the amount of closes that we have or let me go back right here. So, purchases, okay, the amount of closes we have. Well, 15 purchases, okay, and I don't track calls that show up on the ads manager. I only track actual closes. So, this is going to be like closing rate on total calls booked, 26.78%. It's amazing. Okay, if you can get anywhere between 20 to 25% or more on cold traffic, you're doing great. You're doing a fantastic job. That means your closers are are closing. You're doing great. Okay, so this is not an issue nor a bottleneck in this case. If this was an issue, if this was lower than this, it means your sales process needs some work. Let me head back to this e-commerce funnel now. We can do the exact same thing on the landing page side of things. So, what I would typically want, and this is something true for both cases, my link clicks, the landing page view ratio should usually be about 80%. So, here in this case, let's do the math together. We have 6,437 people who have clicked on or who have landed on this landing page and we have 6,491 who have actually clicked which literally is 99.1% of my traffic ends up going on the landing page which is amazing. Okay, if this is lower than that, if you have a very low like carry through ratio between the two, all that means is that you're actually having like landing page loading issues. Okay, like your landing page load speed or it's like maybe you have too many images or videos or something like that or you're not using a secure domain like you don't have an SSL certificate or it's like not an HTTPS website or another example I'm going to give you is you're a business from France you have afr domain and you're advertising in the US which nobody trusts afr domain in the US so it's something is either like not trustworthy or taking too long so that's why people are bouncing out and they don't end up on the actual ual landing page. So that's how to fix this landing page to add to cart. Here you would usually want about 10% of the people who end up on your landing page to do an add to cart. So again, we're going to do that. Right here we have about 1,339 add to carts for 6,000 something landing page views. It means 20% of my traffic is adding to cart, which is great right here. Again, you want 10%. If you're not getting 10%, that means your product pages are not optimized properly. People are not incentivized enough to add to cart. Okay? There's something like it's not clear what they saw on the ad and what they're seeing on the website. There's either a mismatch between your ad and the website. So, there's a congruence issue or it's what is presented to them on the website is not a clear value proposition enough for them to want to add to cart. So you have to do conversion and optimization or you have to fix essentially the congruence of ad to landing page initiate checkout. You should want about 50% of your of your add to carts to convert. Okay, right here. So this is funny. It's like showing me these uh these buckets. In this case, they're at about 39% of add to carts end up going to checkout. So a slight drop right here. A little lower than where we would want to be. How do you improve that? you would usually improve the cart experience. You would perhaps like have a little slider at the top of your of your cart that would say like a like a countdown as to like how long your cart is reserved. Or you would probably want to have something in there that incentivizes them like with a fast action discount or like a bundle or something that would make them want to actually continue now. Now like why is now the right time for now? Usually where things also get interesting is uh purchases divided by checkouts. Okay, here again you could expect about a 50% drop off between the two. So we have right here as an example. Um let me just see. So 200 purchases you see divided by 524 checkouts. Same thing about 38% right here. So slight drop reasons why somebody would start a checkout and not finish it. Unexpected shipping fees not enough trust built into the checkout process. So like testimonials, social proof or like reviews or or mainly like stars or like Trust Pilot or something along that line. That's about it to be honest. It's like those are usually the main reasons. Or maybe you have like a two-step checkout process. Also now most Shopify businesses now are on like a onepage checkout, but granted if you're not on Shopify, this might be uh relevant for you. So you want to streamline your checkout process and increase trust as much as possible in order to improve that. So overall, like those are the main metrics that you would want to look into when considering uh your ad funnel. So of course there's like click-through rate and then hold rate and then hook rate and then all those different steps in a video ad creative. Whereas a static ad, you pretty much only have click-through rates and conversion rate to base yourself off of, right? And then from there it it's it's a matter of like funnel optimization looking into the website side of things and seeing okay well if I can optimize the front end as much as I can through understanding like where do people drop off in my videos and whether or not they click right how do I then optimize the funnel itself and this is kind of what I tried to share in today's video. Interestingly enough some of the highest converting ads that we're seeing right now with the highest clickthrough rate and highest conversion rate of all are AI made ad creatives. So ad creatives that are made with like UGC creators that don't even exist in real life. So I really recommend you check out this recent video of mine that will show you exactly how to create AI influencers and creators to integrate into your ad creatives. And it goes without saying if you want to work one-on-one with me to have me review your paid ads, offers, funnels, name it, check out a link down below and join our ad engine oneonone inner circle or apply to work with our paid ad agency at paidvertising.com. Again, the two links are going to be down below and I'll see you in the next video. This.

  Top Comments:
  1. @j0rgera: Nice vid! I just think one thing... if u are ignoring hook, hold, CPC, CTR just because your ROAS is good and u are selling, that's not so cool. Like, if your hold hate was higher on that campaing (like 7% to 9%), probably you're going to be selling wayyy more than with 2% or 0.98% hold.

This happen because u are thinking like a media buyer (should be more like a copy buyer? haha). Your ADS have so much to be extract, that just ignoring this metrics kill then, and make you create more, when u could just ajust your ads, change the part that it's causin trouble and voilà! New results, "new ads" and selling way more than before.

Anyway, thanks for the vídeo!
  2. @danyiltolkach: How do you connect the action of moving a deal to "closed" in a pipeline to Meta?
  3. @todor.panchev1: When we do Lead Gen campaigns for services etc and we want sales, what campaign objective should we choose Sales or Lead Gen because if it is Lead Gen we cannot optimize for Purchases
  4. @todor.panchev1: Pure gold! Thank you Justin!

- How To Design Eye-Catching Facebook Ads In Canva (2026 Easy Guide): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to show you exactly how to design eye-catching Facebook ads in Canva that actually grab attention, stop the scroll, and help you get more clicks and conversions. Whether you're promoting a product, a service, or your business, this step-by-step guide will help you create professionallook ads, even if you're a complete beginner. Make sure to watch until the end because I'll also show you the best export settings for maximum quality. And if you find this helpful, don't forget to like this video and subscribe to the channel for more Canva and digital marketing tutorials. Let's get started. Step one is starting with the right size. This is extremely important because Facebook ads must be sized correctly to avoid awkward cropping or losing important text. Open Canva and click on create a design. For most ads, I recommend using 1080x 1080 pixels, which is the square format. This performs really well in feeds. You can also choose 1080x350 pixels for a vertical layout, which takes up more screen space on mobile. If you prefer a horizontal layout, choose 1200x 628 pixels. You can also simply type Facebook ad into the search bar in Canva and it will show you optimized formats instantly. Next, pick a high converting template. Using a template saves you a huge amount of time and gives you a professionally designed layout with balanced spacing, strong typography, and effective color combinations. Once your blank canvas is open, click on templates in the left panel. In the search bar, try terms like Facebook ad, sale ad, restaurant ad, real estate ad, or business promo, depending on your niche. Browse through the options and click on a template you like. It will instantly apply to your canvas. And now you have a solid starting point. Now, let's replace the images with your own. Every great Facebook ad needs a strong visual. Highquality images build trust and grab attention immediately. To replace the template image, simply drag and drop your own image directly onto the existing photo. Canva will automatically swap it into the frame. You can double click the image to adjust the crop and positioning. Make sure your product or subject is clearly visible and not cut off. Next, update the text with a clear hook. Facebook ads perform best with short, punchy text. Avoid long paragraphs. Focus on a 3 to five word headline, a short supporting subheading, and a clear call to action. For example, you could write flash sale 50% off today or new collection out now. Make sure your headline is bold and easy to read, even on a small phone screen. Keep contrast high between your text and background so it stands out immediately. After that, apply your brand color palette. Consistency builds brand recognition. In Canva, go to styles and then color palettes to experiment with different combinations. If you have Canva Pro, you can use the brand kit to instantly apply your brand colors and fonts. Try to stick to two or three main colors to keep your design clean and professional. Now, let's add visual attention grabbers, but use them sparingly. Too many elements can make your ad look cluttered and may even get rejected. Go to elements and search for things like arrow, gradient circle, or sticker sale. You can also add simple shapes to highlight pricing or special offers. The key is to guide the viewer's eye towards your main message or call to action without overwhelming the design. Speaking of call to action, let's create a clear CTA button. Canva doesn't have clickable buttons for Facebook ads, but you can design one visually. Go to elements, add a rectangle or rounded box shape, and place it near the bottom of your ad. Then add text like shop now, sign up, learn more, or order today. Use high contrast colors, for example, white text on a dark background so the button stands out clearly. Finally, export with the best settings. Click on share, then download. For most ads, choose PNG in high quality for a sharp, crisp image. If you created an animated ad, choose MP4 format instead. Make sure the resolution is set to high quality before downloading. And that's it. You now know how to design eye-catching Facebook ads in Canvas step by step. With the right size, strong visuals, clear text, brand colors, and a bold call to action. You can create ads that look professional and drive results. If this tutorial helped you, make sure to like this video and subscribe to the channel for more Canva tips, design tutorials, and marketing guides. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [15 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- Create eye-catching ads using Canva's Facebook ads maker: Kind: captions Language: en are you a business owner or want to be one I can imagine you probably don't start a business because you want to invoice clients pay bills or taxes oh but it's every business owner quickly realizes you need to wear a lot of different hats especially in the startup fees another important hat is marketing and Facebook ads are one of the best ways to increase exposure for your business and generate more sales before if you have zero clue where to start well don't worry you are in good hands here let's create a stunning Facebook ad in canva [Music] hi I'm Morgan a social media manager here at canva in this video I'll walk you through how to create a Facebook ad collaborating with colleagues in real time sharing and Publishing your ads directly to Facebook it doesn't matter if you're total newbie by the end of our time together you'll know how to confidently create Facebook ads that convert but first quick question have you subscribed to Canvas Channel yet it's bursting with educational inspiring videos and tutorials to help you make the most of canvas ever expanding features and take your design skills to the next level hit the Subscribe button now and let's get back to Facebook ads with one of the largest pools of active users relatively cheap advertising options and the ability to create targeted and optimized ads Facebook is an advertising medium most businesses can't ignore a Facebook ad appears in feet on desktop or mobile as a user Scrolls the platform it can be targeted to a specific group of users who you think can benefit from or would be looking for the products or Services you sell types of Facebook ads include image ads car sounds slideshows videos stories instant experience ads collection Arts lead ads and even ads in messenger quite a few isn't it of course you don't need to use them all to use the Facebook ads manager you'll need a Facebook business page to create a new campaign ad set or ad through the Facebook ads manager tab over to the type ad you want to create click the green create button to get started before I show you how to make some compelling Facebook ads let's talk about what makes a great one the best Facebook ads have a clear call to action visuals that match the tone of the copy and are relevant to the audience and a good value proposition to draw people in they should be on brand and can be interactive or static depending on the product you're promoting in other words before you make a Facebook ad you need to know the objective for the ad who your target market is and what your unique selling points are okay good let's meet one in canva open canva type Facebook ad into the search bar and hit enter here you'll find thousands of ready-made templates to choose from you'll see you can also specify the type of Facebook ad and choose from Carousel ad templates collection ads slasher ads and more let's start with a simple image Facebook ad that explains what your business is and what you're selling let's pretend I have a juice company selling freshly pressed juice I'm going to start with a blank template start on the home page click here choose the type you want you'll notice it shows the dimensions when you hover over each a beautiful 1080 by 1080 canvas ready to go head to the upload section to upload your business logo and any images you have ready canva also hosts an amazing media library with over a million professional stock photos and illustrations to use on your design I'll start with my favorite flavor strawberry foreign I'll match the same rate as the carton add some text here to all important call to action calls to action like sign up follow download install the app click on the app and shop now and so on they tell your audience what you'd like them to do next without a good CTA people will see your ad but they won't have a clue what they're meant to do and that's a waste of your precious marketing dollars hmm it's looking a bit blonde and the element top just start strawberry and select graphic only filter for static only and you'll get a whole range of strawberries the one I use for the carton is quite a way bit done ah here we are oh we don't want black I'll contrast the background with a light pink duplicate that a few times drop them in the back by selecting them all and using the position tool I'm liking that we just made a Facebook ad in a few minutes there people if you don't want to choose just one image a carousel Facebook ad might be the best option to Showcase several images let me show you how simply add a few more pages I'll do four now we can spread what we are seeing over the pages like I don't need the logo and CTE on every page they can just go at the end let me speed through this so you can see what I mean turn the music up let's get designing let's go you know I could even have some of the shapes bleeding onto the next page building a connection and add a little sticker up here a bit of curved text in there okay that's looking good what questions do you have about what we've covered pop them in the comments below and our team will get back to you ASAP this is looking good but it's feeling a bit static did you know that more than 98 of Facebook users access the platform via their mobile device and 93 of Facebook's ad revenue is reportedly for mobile ads that's why it's more important than ever to optimize everything you share in social media for mobile including ads so how do we create award-winning odds for mobile devices well my first tip would be to add some movement it's really easy to add animation to what we've created select the thing you want to animate hit the animate button and select pop I don't want to overdo it but I think these shapes could have tectonic added to them so they gently Glide across the screen let's have a look at the finished preview nice it's super easy to add in video file as well I'll add in one more Page search in the elements for a video that will work this one is perfect and add some white space at the bottom that can hold text maybe an automated graphic to go with the video add in the text before if you want to work on your Facebook ad with others or just get some valuable feedback give them editing access to your design so you can collaborate it is simple as clicking the share button adding their email in and then canva will send them a generated link collaborators can access your design anytime from any computer iPhone or iPad device if you want them not to adjust to anything then maybe give them commenting rights once you've put the finishing touches on your ad you can download it and save it as a PNG or jpeg if you've animated or video content you'll need to download it as an mp4 upload it to your Facebook page in a few quick clicks or if you've connected your Facebook business page to canva you can publish it directly to Facebook without leaving canva how awesome is that I hope that you now feel are less nervous about making your Facebook ad debut no I haven't mentioned a whole bunch of other AD Types on Facebook if you're a pro or canva per team subscriber it really couldn't be simpler head up here and hit the resize button type in Facebook story or whatever else you're looking for hit copy and resize move things around a little and you have a new ad ready to go so whether you run your own business or work in the social media industry you can now experiment with a variety of Facebook ads and leverage the platform's two plus billion users any questions about Facebook ads or anything we explored in this video go ahead drop it in the comments below don't be shy we are here to help think outside the box and have fun I can't wait to see what you create thank you it's going down hey hey you it's me again one more question before I go did you find this video helpful if so check out the full playlist we've got heaps of how-to videos that will walk you through all the features in canva it won't be long before you're passing this wisdom on to your friends and farm subscribe to our Channel and you'll be the first to know when we've publish a new video which happens every week I'll catch you on another video soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @caspkvolle [1 likes]: How would you make a addvertising campaign for leather shoes in canvas?
  2. @FrankTank7777: Hi there, great tutorial. Just one thing that you probably cover in your other videos, but you mention CTAs (Call to Actions) a lot, but you did not really show how it works. Does the png or mp4 become clickable, or what is the strategy here? Do you add extra text to the posts with links to another website etc?
  3. @paullarkin2486: Very good. Bit quick, but shows the power of Canva.
  4. @JamesCassata-c3b: Too wordy at beginning
  5. @moses_githinji: I have really enjoyed watching this video
  6. @GraceMccarthy-i4p: take out the background music...I cannot concentrate
  7. @CharlesJohnson-l5x: Best I've seen as a beginner.  Can you explain how to add a CTA button with business email link for our customers.  This will be used on the Facebook platform.  Thank you
  8. @PaulBwalya-j9p: Is it necessary to use a laptop to make designs or a phone can also work to do the trick??...
  9. @BonnieLeighMusic: Very informative indeed!
  10. @JarlBulgruf: Whoever chose the background music doesn't understand advertising
  11. @anthonypeter5370: Thank You
  12. @gallegos-t4n: This tutorial was a game changer for my small business, and the clear steps helped me create ads that actually grab attention! I'm looking forward to seeing a video on analyzing ad performance data to optimize for even better results.
  13. @charlitaheyward: This is exactly what I needed to get started with Canva ads – thanks for breaking it down so simply! I especially appreciate the tips on keeping the design clean and focused. Hope to see more tutorials on advanced targeting or ad copy strategies in the future!
  14. @negasiredmon: Fantastic tutorial! I especially appreciate the clear explanations, and I'm eager to see how these techniques impact my ad performance. It would be great if you could cover specific industry examples in a future video!
  15. @AmandineTrosen: This was a really clear and helpful tutorial! I'm excited to try these tips out in Canva and see how they boost my ad engagement. Thanks for making Facebook advertising feel less daunting.
  16. @JanetPettit-e9l: Thank you.
  17. @waynemccrary: Can you go faster....
  18. @delfalinville: Thank you so much for this video. Very interesting.
  19. @Malaktv3: thank you, but the music was annoying
  20. @fabio693: strange to tell us to put a CTA because its useless. Facebook is gonna add the CTA automatically upon the ad. So there will be 2 now !

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone teaches you how to push buttons in Ad Manager, but nobody teaches you how to think like a creative strategist, and that is exactly what I'm going to do in today's video. I'm Fraser, one of the co-founders at Fraggle. We work with DTOC brands that you see on your feeds every single day, and we have over 450 million in track ad spend. Today, I'm going to share with you the framework that we have used to help scale hundreds of DTOC brands. So, if you want to master how to think creatively, this is the perfect guide for you. Before we get into hook script production, let's get one thing straight. Meta ads are still just ads. And ads work because of human psychology. The principles haven't changed and since the print era. We're talking like madmen ads. Attention. You need to stop the scroll. Curiosity. You want to make someone want to find out more. Emotion. You need to make someone feel something. Make them laugh. Make them cry. Whatever. Just make them feel something. And the meta ads that actually work are the ones that tick all those boxes and they make a genuine connection with the potential customer. If you get that, then you're already one step ahead of 99% of the advertisers on Meta. So, next up, creative research. How do we actually get the ideas? I have written so many scripts. I have thought of so many concepts at this point that I feel like I could probably do most of this in my sleep. And I can tell you right now that the ideas do not come from staring at a blank Google doc. I've done that many times and it just simply doesn't work no matter how much you will it to happen. Instead, they come from research, deep and intentional research. We need to know as much as we possibly can do about the brands and the products that we're making ads for. I'm hoping if you are a brand owner, then you already know quite a lot about your brand, but do you know a lot about your customer? Because that is the secret unlock. So the key here is to learn more about your customer and the best place to do that is to go to the places where your customer hangs out. Essentially, you need to be fishing in the right ponds. A couple of best places to do this research. Number one being Reddit. There's a reason why 90% of searches on Google end with Reddit at the end of them is because it's a great place to find out the real opinion of others. Customers go there to complain. Customers go there to shout your praise. And if you have a look on there, then you will see a lot of information that you are not normally privy to. There's been times where we've literally print screened a Reddit thread and used that inner static because it was just absolute gold. In fact, I actually recently made a video on how you can use Reddit and AI to do exactly that. There's a link to it somewhere up here. Reddit is just an absolutely fantastic place to do a ton of research. Another one is your reviews. If someone has gone to the effort to leave a review on your website, they either love your product or they absolutely hate it. And so, it's a really great place to find out why people like your product and why people hate your product. Read your Amazon reviews if you're on there. Read your own reviews that people are submitting via your website. Go on Trust Pilot. All these places where people are leaving reviews about your brand and your products are great places to find out more about your customer. And when you're doing this, you want to look at patterns, potentially patterns you haven't even thought about. For example, are people saying they use your product when they're pregnant and you've never made an ad about your product being used for pregnant women? Well, there you go. That's an ad angle. You just come up with one just from reading your reviews. You'd be shocked how many times this happens. I download a client's reviews. I input them into chat GBT and I come up with like five or six use cases that they never even knew the product was being used for. The next one is your ad comments. If you are a brand that's spending a lot of money, the chances are your ads are getting a lot of engagement and so use that engagement because you've paid for it. So why don't you have a look at it and see if there's any hidden gems in there. Are people talking about your products in a positive light? Are they once again giving use cases? Your ads are essentially focus groups. It's people tagging friends in there. It's people talking about when and how they've used your product. And so you need to read these religiously. One of my favorite pastimes is whenever an ad comes up on my feed that we've made. I love going into the comments and I love reading them both to see what people think of the ad. It's a great way to get like honest feedback. Do people actually like this ad? But also just to learn more about how your customer speaks. What language are they using? Another great place is your competitor's ads. Obviously, ad library is somewhere that most marketers live at this point. You can search out any brand or phrase and you can see the ads that they're running. But also, you can use tools like foreplay where people are actively saving ads. You can click on them. you can discover more ads that people are saving live. It's a great place for inspiration in general, not just from your competitors. One thing to note here though is if you are only just copying your competitors, your ads are going to look like your competitors. And surprise surprise, if someone is into fitness, they're being targeted by you and all your competitors. So if your ads look like your competitors, then you are not going to stand out from the crowd and you are going to lose sales. So instead, if you're using these aggregate sites like Foreplay, look in different niches. Look at different types of ads that you could potentially bring to your product. And also finally, we've got AI. This kind of goes without saying, but this is probably one of the best ways to quickly research your brand. You can use Claude, you can use Chat GBT, you can use Gemini, whatever it is, they all kind of do the same thing. Some people say Gemini is great, other people say that chat GBT is great. Personally, I love Chat GBT. I think it's just really easy to use. I can use a deep research tool in there. It pretty much does exactly what I want it to, but I have started to dabble with other things like Gemini because, well, it's Google, in it. When you're conducting this research, it's really important that you like make a folder on Google Drive where you save all this research. Not only can it help further down the line when you're integrating AI into your workflow. You can input these research documents to give the AI context, but also it's just a great place just to revert back to to see how your customer compares now to how they did 3 years ago. Okay, so now we've done the research. That arguably is the longest part that most people don't want to do, but if you spend time on it, it will be the thing that gives you the creative edge. And of course, the more you do it, the better you will get at it and the faster you will be. But let's move on to the next thing. Let's talk about ideas and angle generation. There's a couple of ways that you can do this. You can literally just wing it if you want or you can use some kind of like idea matrix or something like that. At Fraggle, we often use like the angle, which is the idea, the concept. We think of a hook to go along with that, and then a format. So, the first thing we need to do is identify those angles, concepts, whatever you want to call them, it's all the same thing. But essentially, this is the core positioning, the core messaging of your ad. So, for example, if we're talking about protein bars, better tasting than the competitors could be one. Cleaner ingredients, that could be another one. And if we think of a use case, potentially it's more convenient for busy parents on the go. They are all messaging. They're key angles that we can target and most importantly we can test. So once I've got my messaging, I normally like to think of some kind of idea and then from that idea I like to think of a hook. And remember a hook is just the first like 3 seconds of your ad and its pure purpose is to capture attention. So let's say that we're going with the taste better than the competitors. Hook number one could be a taste test. Hook number two could be, "I've tried 10 of the top protein bars and this one's my favorite." And hook number three could be someone coughing up sand with the caption, "Most protein bars taste like the desert." We're thinking of fun, entertaining, educational ways in order to show people your idea, your messaging, to interest people, and potentially to open the loop. I always use this example, but think about Mr. Beast. He normally starts every single video by saying, "I locked 200 people in an ice cave and here's what happened." That is a hook and you're opening the loop because people have to watch the video to find out what happened. It's the same reason why on TV shows they say, "Tune in next week to find out if blah blah blah blah blah." We're opening the loop because people naturally want to close them. Next up is the format. Now, we don't always pick the format last. You can do these in any order. You could come up with a great hook and go, "That will make a great UGC video." Or you can come up with a messaging first. Or you might look at your ad account and go, "We need more founder ads. Now you've got your format first. Let's work that way instead." So just because I've listed it in this order does not mean that you necessarily have to do it. You just need these three things. So if we're talking about format, obviously there's a number of different formats for ads. We've got UGC ads, static ads, founder ads, podcast ads, the list goes on. And the idea here is that you can test a format with a messaging and then you can see how that performs. Is it a messaging that perhaps we could pursue a bit further? Maybe we could try that same messaging as a static. We're testing things to see what works because you might find a winning message that only works in a static format. You could find a format that only works with a specific messaging and the only way we're going to find that out is through testing. So, for example, the Black Stuff, a brand that we work with. We made a couple of ads for their new product, which was a new shower cloth. And the messaging was, "This shower cloth is better and cleaner than the current one that you have, which is probably a dirty washcloth." And so, we tried this in a couple of different formats. The first one being a podcast. >> So, one question we got asked is, "What is the biggest mistake guys make when showering?" >> Oh, man. It's definitely the washcloths they're using. So most guys don't realize after just a few uses those regular washcloths have got more bacteria on them than a toilet seat. >> And then we also wanted to try it in a UGC format which is this >> breaking news just in the average man's washcloth contains more bacteria than a dog's mouth. This thing is basically licking you clean every shower. >> You can see the ads are different. The format is obviously clearly different but the messaging is very very similar. The cloth that you are using now is inferior to what we have at the black stuff. And so now what we can do is test both of those and see what format works. What does the customer connect with the most that is essentially creative testing. That is creative strategy at the soul of it. Thinking up new ideas, different messaging, different format, testing them, see what works, see what performs best, and then scaling. Now we've got the angles, we've got the hooks. Now let's talk more about the formats, when to use them, and why we should use them. Because believe it or not, most formats actually belong in a certain funnel stage. Listen, we spoke about the funnel many a times before. Top, middle, and bottom of the funnel. All depends on how aware the customer is. So with that in mind, we also need to make sure that we tailor the format of the ad to how aware the customer is. So top of the funnel, this is where people have no idea who you are. They have never seen you. They've never heard of you before. Normally, these people are often also problem unaware. they have no idea what the problem is that you're also trying to solve. So, we need to educate them on a couple of things. Yourself and the problem that you fix. So, how do we do that? We want content that is very easy to consume and normally educational. UGC ads are a great example of this. They normally introduce you and the product in a natural and organic way. For example, this is one that we made for Aloha. >> Here is all the Aloha bars we got. Oh my god. I've tried Quest RX Bar kind, but it was Aloha Bars I kept reaching for in the end. >> A more recent trend that's come about is street interviews. These fit very well into the organic feed because it feels like something that you would see on your Tik Tok feed and therefore very good for introducing people to the brand and the product. This is one that we did for the black stuff. >> I want you to take a smell of this soap and tell me what you think it's made of. >> And another great example is founder ads. This is one of my favorites. This man discovered the secret to the perfect deodorant smell. If a man uses deodorant like this, then I'm sorry to say that that is no man. People really connect with story. Storytelling is becoming more and more important inside your meta ads. And founder ads in general fit that formula absolutely perfectly because you're telling the story of someone who had a problem and developed a product for that problem. We want to build trust. We want to build authority. We want to educate people. All this happens at the top of the funnel. Next, of course, is the middle of the funnel. People are a little more aware of you. They're probably problemaware. They might not be product aware yet, but we're going to get them there. And this is where things like mini VSSLs are absolutely perfect. Very, very heavy educational. We want to educate. We want to build some kind of desire. Also, another great example here which is really fast and easy to make and test are mashup ads. I've spoken about these numerous times. I think these are pretty incredible and every brand should be making them. Get an archive of all of your footage, of all of your UGC footage, raw stuff, no captions. Mash it all together with an AI voice over. Hey, presto. You can test these really quickly. Multiple different messagings and hooks. They're fantastic. Another great format for this is the podcast ad. These are a little bit hit and miss. They don't always work for every brand that we test them with. However, this example from the Cure app was one of their top performers in the ad account and was a real pleasure to make as well. >> What time do your cravings hit hardest? 9:00 [music] every single night. >> Tonight, I want you to try something that seems too simple to work, but changes [music] everything. >> What is it? >> 15 minutes with this and wake up with less cravings [music] tomorrow. Really educational, but most importantly, they position you and your product as the best and only solution. Now, bottom of the funnel, these people are pretty much ready to purchase. And so, usually what I suggest here is static ads. They're the easiest to pump out and normally give you the best results. Just a simple static ad can do absolute wonders for your ad account. Of course, we can have offerbased ads. These are where we drive a little bit of urgency here. We say, you know, you can get limited time 30% off because Meta is going to deliver these to people who are ready to purchase. They just need that extra push. And an offer can be just that. A video format we can use here is like testimonial compilations. You can get these by simply reaching out to your customers. Give them something for free and they record you a video. It's like UGC but real UGC. We do quite a lot of these for the black stuff and honestly the results are pretty astounding sometimes. You'll be shocked how many customers you have that absolutely love your product. The format should always match the intent, not just the trend. I mentioned street interviews and I mentioned podcasts. These are trendy formats. To be honest, I don't know whether they'll stick around. They haven't really been around for that long. And so you need to make sure that when you're doing this, you don't put all your eggs in one basket. Make sure you try multiple different formats with the same messaging. In fact, I've recently made a video with my top 10 ad formats that are converting like crazy right now. If you want to watch that, there is a link up there as well. You might want to check out that before deciding exactly what you're going to invest your money into. A great example here is Leaf Shave, right? We used UGC videos at the top of the funnel to introduce people to the products and show a use case and show real people using it, but then we use VSSLs to further educate people on why they exist and why you should choose Leaf over anybody else. Different formats for different parts of the funnel. Now, finally, let's talk about actually producing these ads. Honestly, there's no real secret formula to this. At Fraggle, we really do make it all. We have a huge studio here. 2 and a half thousand square foot of content creation madness which allows us to make you know studio level high production ads but then we can also make really ugly scrappy UGC or quickly mash together mashup videos or even polished founder ads we can really do it all here because sometimes it is needed finding an agency that can do all these things is sometimes required but for some other people perhaps you're a small-time founder then you might want to look at doing you know formats that you can actually produce. Well, every single brand, no matter the level, they all run meta ads. Mercedes-Benz, they run ads. The $20 t-shirt brand, they also run meta ads. Different production levels, same ad, same attention game. But regardless of the production level, regardless of whereabouts you are, it's a couple of core principles. Number one, speed beats perfection. At the end of the day, it's going to be the ad that you spend the less time on that's going to be the best performing. So, if you have an idea, go and make it. It doesn't matter on the format. Sometimes you just need to get it out and test it. Don't spend four weeks perfecting one ad because the chances are it might not perform. Clarity over aesthetics. Listen, you can make an ad look absolutely beautiful, but if you're not getting the point across to the viewer of the video, it's completely pointless. I watched an ad recently and it looked brilliant. I had no idea what was going on and so I turned it off because clarity it always wins. And finally, your editing should serve the emotion of the ad. Your editing should simply amplify what you want your customer to feel, not distract from it. I see so many videos where it's just full of cheap transitions that they've downloaded from a template website and there's no actual substance. They've just tried to polish a turd. You can put as much glitter as you want on it. It's still a turd. The beauty of meta ads is that the more researched, the more well-rounded your ad is, the better it's going to perform. And you're going to get firsthand data as well. You're going to actively see retention graphs. You're going to see numbers on how well your ad is performing that you can then use to make better ads. And there we go. You now know the exact formula that we use here at Fraggle to make top performing ad creatives. And this is the exact framework we use. By the way, we scaled seven, eight, and nine figure DTOC brands with exactly what I've just taught you. So, if you happen to be a brand that's spending over 70,000 on Ad Creative, I would absolutely love to have a conversation with you. So, just scan the QR code on the screen or click the link down below and you can book a call with me and me and you can have a little face to face. And if you do want to see more videos like this and you want to learn more about creative strategy and ad creative in general, then please do subscribe. It's been a real joy to see the channel thrive over the past couple of months. Leave a comment if you have any questions and also of course like the video and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hometidiness8944 [5 likes]: Ooooh thaaaat's exactly the type of content i was looking for, thank you so much Fraser ( Discovery of the year )
  2. @educationchannel-gr2ch [2 likes]: This is really useful. Thanks for sharing with everyone.
  3. @intermarketingagency1 [1 likes]: How do you do these visuals!!!!!!!
  4. @onisim_32 [1 likes]: Man, honestly, thank you! Best content for creative strategy!
  5. @olifitzer [1 likes]: super helpful thanks brother
  6. @adriavillaret4599: You've got amazing advice brother
  7. @dangfutalan: Thanks for the ad formats!! This was what I was searching for!!
  8. @sabrinagiannoni: do you have a course or teaching space?
  9. @WHOSNEXT_STORIES: Is this trick working for photography business?pls rply
  10. @dontknow258: Why he is so good and great advices with. Loving his video day by day
  11. @xray5043: If I wash myself with soap im clean. If I do my laundry with soap it's clean. If I wash my wash cloth with soap after use and let it air dry it's dirty 🤔
  12. @Anan-ow4id: I actually bought a Leaf shaver from an ad i saw. I had no idea you guys were behind it. Excellent work it was straight to the point and made me believe it was the perfect product for me (it still is) which shows how effective your ads actually are
  13. @cristian.daczo1: Sick video , can you make a video about making Iterations of your best ads, like lets say you make a batch of ads and 1 ad performs well and the other 2 flop, what do you do next, I hear people say double down on what is working but how do you actually do that, what does that look like, please make a video about this🙏🙏
  14. @ghulam.hafeez786: Thank you sir your great teacher
  15. @pedroz3891: Great content. 
This could be a 3 hour lesson that I would love to watch haha
I understand that the video needs to be fast for youtube retention, so I'm pausing and taking notes.
It's not easy to find quality videos about ads indeed
  16. @In.experto.simracing: Man , I love you! You open my mind. I’m new here and I’m starting my business 🙌🏻
  17. @loganselk9183: What does it cost to work with you guys?
  18. @geoffatavoncliffe221: Ok Frazer but how do I find out about my customer?  I publish book on the worlds biggest marketplace, Amazon, and that the one bit of information Amazon KDP wont release to us.  In fact I think it against there T&Cs to connect the buyer directly.
  19. @silviagherasim509: Wow that is great content and info 🎉
  20. @safiullah00: Really loved your video.

My question is I have a client who has an ai product which tells the calories and macros of the food. 
I want to create ada for him. Which format should I go with 1st? Ugc, or something else

- Why Your Facebook Ads Get Rejected (And How to Fix It in 2025): Kind: captions Language: en What is happening everyone? Welcome back to another video in my channel. So, your Facebook ads are getting rejected even if you follow their rules and guidelines. Or maybe your ad was running for a while and then suddenly it got rejected and you don't even understand why. So, don't worry. I got you. I've been through this thousands of times and in today's video, I will show you the easiest way to avoid it. Avoiding ad rejections and potentially risking your entire ad account of getting fully disabled or worse than that, losing your entire Facebook profile. So, here is the real problem. Facebook policies and guidelines are so confusing and they give you zero clarity about it. So, it's super easy to make mistakes and getting your ad rejected and potentially losing your ad account. They say you violated some kind of policy and you are not sure even which one or they don't tell you where. Whether it's your ad copy, your image ad, maybe it's your video or even how to go ahead and fix it. So, what do you do? You start guessing. You start rewriting. You start submitting your ad again. And then most of the time, what ends up happening is your ads getting rejected again. And most of the time if you get too many ads rejected, you will lose your ad account because of it. So hopefully you're still not in that stage. So as I mentioned before, I got you. Don't worry. So what I did is I created a free Facebook ads tool which essentially helps you to go ahead and check and validate that your ads are fully compliant. I call this meta ads compliance checker. Essentially what it is is a GPT assistant and is designed to help you with making sure your ads are compliant and it's constantly learning the latest Facebook ads policies so you don't have to go ahead and update it. Now what you can actually go ahead and check with this tool is your ad copy, your image ads, your video scripts. So essentially all your ad creatives materials. So before you go ahead and submit that to Facebook, you want to put them to this free tool, get the approval that these ads are compliant and then go ahead and upload them into Facebook. Now also make sure that if your ads are not compliant, it will give you an alternative ID, alternative text, so you don't have to try to figure out what is compliant or not. So it will give you a couple options that you can go ahead and choose from. And as I mentioned before, it's completely free and I will leave a link to it down in the description. Now, for those that are more in advanced stages and really want to scale their Facebook ads, you can get your ad account disabled and restricted not because of ad rejections, but if you try to scale aggressively and other different things and that's where agency ad accounts come very in handy. So, just in a nutshell, agency ad accounts, it's ad accounts that you rent out from a big agency that spends 7, 8, 9 figures a year, and they give you the option to rent out their ad accounts. And the whole caveat is that they get much better treatment than Facebook. And not just because of that, but overall using these ad accounts for over a year now and all my clients using these accounts as well. I barely remember the last time that my ad account got disabled or I had a pause with my ads. So for those that really try to scale their ads and they want to see consistency, agency ad accounts is definitely the way to go for. Now, in case you don't know what are agency ad accounts, I will leave a link to a video right over here that I explain everything about agency ad accounts and the benefits. And in case you would like to work with my own agency, I will leave a link in the description that you can go ahead and apply for a one-on-one meeting with me and we can see if we are a good fit. So hopefully you took some value out of this video. If you did, make sure to drop a like and subscribe to the channel if you haven't already. Thank you so much for watching, amigos. And until the next one, peace. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tokentopics [8 likes]: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  2. @yashpatvekar5054 [3 likes]: Both your links arent working
  3. @razamour [1 likes]: thanks man
  4. @patrickwayne4711: He didn’t even address the problem in the video 🤦🏻‍♂️
  5. @JoelJoshua_Official: submited my name and email for your free tool but nothing came through
  6. @tokentopics: what's crazy is I see so many ads on FB that are in fact scams and misleading yet someone making an honest ad gets rejected ..
  7. @Lana_ozn: Waste of time, just repeating the same sentence and at the end no explanation
  8. @ashleyhayaty: Are they giving back our payment?
  9. @C_G_M_G_C: Good I hope all your lame ads fail. I am sick and tired of AI vrap amd sick and tired of sexual ads. Go f youtself if you are one of the owners of this ad.
  10. @vincenzobiasetti2014: I give you my details but nothing's appearing in my mailbox
  11. @digitalluxury2033: Thanks
  12. @Basam_life: My brother, the site does not work. Perhaps I tried to reduce the link. The site link appears to me. I have to reduce the link.
  13. @city-2b2t: Can I use my creditcard to run the ad in the agency ad account?

- how to fix this error while running Facebook ad campaign: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix the Facebook ad error h#2446493, which says, "Your ads creative setup does not support ads that give to multiple message definitions." Let's get [Music] started. I got this error when I tried to convert a video ad campaign into an image ad campaign. Here's what happened. I duplicated the video ad, deleted the video media, and replaced it with images. But I kept getting the same error again and again. So here's how I fixed it. First, after duplicating the ad, I didn't just delete and replace the media directly. Instead, I edited the ad properly. I went into the ad editor, selected the video, and replaced it with the image. Make sure you replace all videos in the ad with images. Alternatively, you can edit the entire ad group. This will replace all the creative elements in that group with images. Once I did that, the error disappeared and I was able to publish the ad successfully. And that's how I fix the error. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JustinConcepcion-q3s [2 likes]: ? What if i want videos ??
  2. @aviraajdivedi: Sir i want to talk with you can u give me your insta
  3. @krrishkrrish4588: Dear Sir after creating campaign from the Chrome in AD manager I go to the Facebook ad and selected the product which I want to advertise in the marketplace and I selected the campaign which I made from the Chrome b but same error is coming(the add promoted post is invalid the object may be deleted or never created you may have to fix it) 
Although my product is active in Facebook marketplace what should I do please help
  4. @hammadkhan9956: wrong

- Never Get Your Facebook Ads Rejected Again! (Use This Free Tool): Kind: captions Language: en what is happening everyone welcome back to another video in my Channel today is going to be the last day of your ads Ever Getting rejected on Facebook you know that mainly my channel is talking about restrictions getting your ad account disabled permanently banned and stuff like that and one of the stupidest things getting restricted for is getting your ads rejected I still don't understand why people get their ads rejected nowadays when you have so many tools AI automations and even my clients sometimes ask me to go ahead and review their ad copy or their ads and tell them if I think if they are compant or not and yes I almost have a decade in running Facebook ads but even with that I will never rely on myself of constantly being up toate with new Facebook ads policies when we have so many tools out there that can help us do it in much more accurate way and that takes me to this meta compliance Checker that I've built myself so essentially it's a free GPT assistant tool that I've created that can tell you if your ad is compliant within seconds in just simple few clicks now as I mentioned before it's fully free and I will explain you how you can get access to it in just just a bit as well as sharing with you how you can actually go ahead and build something like that yourself so what we need to do over here is click on this first option over here which is going to check if your ad copy is compliant you can also check image ads you can also get some suggestions and check video scripts as well so let's start with an ad copy so we'll click on it and now as you can see it asks us to actually go ahead and paste our ad copy so let's go ahead and paste it and then hit send all right and there you go as you can see as simple as that it tells you straight away if this ad copy is compliant or not not and it's saving you all this Jazz and you know paragraphs of different useless information that you don't actually need to know and you simply want to get an yes or no answer now let's see what happens if your ad copy is actually not compliant so I'm simply going to paste it over here I'm not going to give it any additional prompts or anything like that simply paste it over here and hit send and as you can see it's already detecting some violation it gives you straight away the violation policy and it also gives you what is actually violating and gives you an option of like an alterative text for it and as you can see it actually spit out a full revised ad copy that is still the same ad copy it didn't change the structure the tone it simply changed the words that violates Facebook ads policies with the ones that actually are compliant now to double check that we will simply copy this ad copy again and paste it over here again and hit send and boom as you can see now this ad copy is fully compliant with meta ads policy now let's go ahead and do the same thing for image ads so all we have to do is Click right over here and click on new chat and now we're going to click on the second option which is is my ad image safe to use and it will ask you to upload your image ad and we'll start with one that is compliant this ad is one of my client's ads so let's go ahead and hit send cool and as you can see again it tells us that this ad is fully compliant with Facebook ads policies now again let's go ahead and test it with one that is not compliant and as I mentioned before you don't have to put anything no prompts no nothing simply go ahead and upload your image all right and as you can see it already takes a problem so as you can see this TT over here might be violating Facebook ads policies which is the top title over here and it already gives you some Alternatives over here that you can go ahead and use and something that is even crazy you can see that it actually detects the text in this small box over here and this box over here is containing the words Altis media and this long text that it's a little bit hard for me to read but essentially it implies that this treats medical conditions as you can see this assistant tells you over here to avoid mention these things unless you actually have the approval for it which in that case with this product you need to have an FDA approval so if you do have the approval it's all good but look how detailed it is it gives you straight forward answer with no fluff and actionable steps to make it fully compliant now regarding video scripts is pretty much the same as ad copy simply go ahead and click on the new chat and then click on video script submit it and then it will tell you if it's compliant or not and if it's not it will simply change the text for you now how you can actually access this tool super simple it will be in the first link in the description you'll get an invite link for using this meta ads compliance Checker and the good thing about it is that I'm using it myself and I'm making sure that it's always up to date and it's always using the Facebook ads policy page to make sure that it's always compliant now if you don't want to be using my own tool which again is free and if you don't I don't really know why you can go ahead and create something like that yourself so essentially all you have to do is you need to get the Facebook ads policies page over here you can go ahead and simply Google it and get to this page over here there are a couple more policies which I included myself which are going to be these three policies over here so so you need to open them in separate links and then include them as well in your prompt and then you want to go back into Chad GPT and you want to feed him with this information give the links to those policies and then go ahead and submit your ad copy or image ad and ask it if it's compliant or not keep in mind that you are not going to get as straightforward answers like my chat GPT assistant because it took me several hours to craft this prompt so it will be perfect as you saw in this video so again highly recommend to go ahead and use it the link is going to be down in the description one thing that I want to mention is is that you need to have the paid plan of chat GPT honestly I don't really know people that do digital marketing that don't have the $20 plan of chbt and if not you will simply have to copy all the texts from meta ads policies page and paste them manually into Chad gbt and you will not have the feature of uploading an image to check if it's compliant or not because again it's only available in the Pro Plan of the $20 a month and honestly if you cannot afford 20 bucks a month on chat gbt you probably shouldn't be running Facebook ads anyways so hopefully you took some value out of this video if you did make sure to drop a like And subscribe to the channel if you haven't already check out some other videos right over here thank you so much for watching Amigos and until the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @HUG0757 [1 likes]: Cade seu coco
  2. @veracruzguy1: I used your tool for a post on Facebook for our Business, It still got rejected even after I copied and pasted the exact same content that said was safe, I don't know why facebook is so difficult unless they just looking for you to pay them?
  3. @Timtim3384: Nice one. Good stuff! Thank you
  4. @franklein4839: Great video! How can we use your agent? I`m just beginning is this issue and have a lot of doubts producing my ADS. Thank You in advance
  5. @Airboosts: Great video and tool - what about product names? If it is seen as a potential issue like migraine help or thigh trimmer (as random examples) - should we name our products something more compliant?
  6. @kimbashop: Thanks you 🎉

- How To Fix Facebook Ads Error Should Represent a Valid URL [2025 Full Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix the error in Facebook ads that says your URL should represent a valid one. This can be a common issue for marketers who rely on Facebook to reach their audience. So, getting it right is crucial. First, you'll want to open your preferred web browser and type in Facebook Ads Manager in Google's search bar. This tool is the central hub for managing your Facebook ads and will be where we resolve the URL issue. Once you see the link to Facebook Ads Manager in the search results, go ahead and click on it. Next, simply click on go to ads manager. This will direct you to the login page. Here you'll need to enter your email and password. Keep in mind that it's important to use the credentials associated with your ad account. After you've entered your information, click on log in. This step is pivotal as it grants you access to all of your active Facebook ad campaigns. Once logged in, you'll be directed to the campaigns dashboard. This dashboard provides an overview of all your active, inactive, and pending campaigns. Look for the campaign that's experiencing the URL error and select it. This enables you to make the necessary edits at the ad level where the error likely resides. Now that you're at the ads level, click on edit to make changes to the particular ad flagged with this error. It's time to carefully go through the details. You'll be scrutinizing the website URL field first for any discrepancies. Make sure there are no typos, missing characters, or spaces that might be altering the intended link. A tiny mistake here often turns an otherwise valid URL into an invalid one. Also, turn your attention to the display link. This is what users see in your ad. So, ensuring it complements the website URL is key. Double check both fields for accuracy and consistency. Furthermore, ensure your URL begins with either http slash or https. URLs lacking these prefixes are immediately flagged by Facebook as they do not meet the format criteria. Last but not least, confirm that the website you're directing users to is both up and running effectively. Websites can experience downtime, which might not be a permanent issue, but will still render your ad ineffective temporarily. Ensure that the site is accessible, doesn't have temporary server issues, and loads as expected. In summary, checking your URL for accuracy, making sure it starts with the standard HTTP or HTTPS, and verifying the website's availability can save both time and resources. These steps will help eliminate the error message and ensure your Facebook ads run smoothly. By following these careful checks, you'll be back on track to effectively reaching your audience without any disruptions in no

  Top Comments:
  1. @corbeyluv [6 likes]: complete shit video. The audio has nothing to do with what is happening on screen, just dude randomly scrolling half the time.
  2. @ulaptvPH: Horrible video. Don't waste your time here and downvote this video so others don't get scammed
  3. @SignatureEdits: AI trash.
  4. @BrianSkyz: Quite a waste of time.

- How To Fix Facebook Ads Error “Should Represent a Valid URL” | Step-by-Step Guide 2025: Kind: captions Language: en What is up guys? None of the site. So in this video I'm going to show you how you can fix the Facebook URL generation error. So first you need to head over to your Facebook ads manager and then here you need to head over to the ad campaigns. After that you need to click on this ads button and after clicking on this ads button here you will see all your current ads that you want to create a URL of. So just click on the edit button that you want to create the URL of the data off and then you just need to check all the details that you have entered and make sure there is no type error and after that you need to enter the URL parameters like if you want any and then you can click on build a URL parameter for that when you're done you can click on publish to publish it and after publishing here you need to enter all your business address and all your business details and then save it and after saving it here you will get URL link generated it. So you can just copy and paste it anywhere that you'd like. That was all for this video, everyone.

- Photo Ad vs Video Ad - THIS Will Scale Your Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en should you run a video ad or a photo ad on Facebook and which one is going to get you the highest amount of conversion so you can hit that row as go you want to be able to scale spin I get this question a lot and you know it's a really difficult answer to basically give you in that sense and that's because there's a lot of different data points that need to be taken into consideration when you decide hey should I do a video ad or a photo ad so first off I want to give yall just a example right and I'll let you kind of guys think about this because we just recently had this one of our accounts where uh you know we really need to show some proof that this product or what this product can do and a video or I mean a photo wasn't really working well in a couple videos we attempted to do this just didn't really work well until we really dug deeper into like really getting that perfect shot the money shot that's what they call in Hollywood and that money shot allowed us to find a new winning ad it's tremendously helped out with consistent results inside of this account now for this particular client now let's go back to you know the scenario there where we just didn't have the right footage uh we had the right desire we had the right Market awareness the right Market sophistication hook we just didn't have the right footage now I want you kind of think about this imagine Faba selling phone cases right I don't use a phone case but probably should cuz I got some cracks and stuff but I don't use a phone case but imagine if I was maybe I would have start off with Nick's phone cases and I wanted to make it a superior product so I went after the you know just the toughness for it so I focused on the toughness of this phone case and if I want to showcase this as a winning product I'd make sure to make it like the toughest phone case for example so I want you to just think right now imagine if I showcased a phone case and just put literally a headline next to it the toughest phone case that's it just imagine that just a simple graphic you know phone case the world's strongest phone case boom now I want you to think about it from this perspective imagine if I use that same hook the world's toughest phone case and then I showcase this phone case being dropped from like a 100 foot 200t like building or something like that it hit the ground and then I just pick it up and say you know the world's toughest phone case or like showcasing how there's no cracks at all in the phone and things like that both are done under the same scenario right desire for a tough phone case sophistication stage four as we're calling out the toughest phone case and yeah both are done correctly but one shows proof that it's the toughest phone case and one just says it's the phone case toughest phone case likely the image ad wouldn't do well maybe a few purchases here and there a lot of inconsistent results and also you would be looking at it from a perspective of you know probably had a high frequency as well cuz not many people were appealing to that ad again the more people that resonate with an ad the more people that want to like it comment on it and share it the more people you reach and the lower your free frequency will be so likelihood will also probably have like a little bit higher of a frequency on the photo ad and it' be really difficult to scale but it was cheaper to produce it allowed a quicker test and it also allowed us to kind of just toss something the in ad account real quick now the dropping from a tall building was more expensive to produce but likelihood it would do way better in performance because it's actually showing the proof of what you claim if you claim a the toughest phone case then I'm going to show proof that it is the toughest phone case that's the key lesson here one is showing proof and the other is not not every product needs proof but a lot of products do if you make a large claim like the toughest phone case you need a show proof that's the toughest phone case not just side by-side comparisons of Like Us Versus Them you actually need to show proof and that's what we did in that example right there that particular video 10 15 seconds long it would get a lot more likes a lot more comments a lot more shares it would reach and appeal to more people it's a lot more entertaining to watch and guess what it probably do substantially better in terms of performance now it was more expensive to produce but the expense also greatly increases the ROI that we'll likely achieve right there that's a common I see a lot on my YouTube channel where it's like I'm selling some product it's very complex complicated to sell and I'm like well yeah you just need a video ad then it's like well I don't want to spend a lot of money on ugc because can I just use the same fck photo from AliExpress that everyone else is using it's like Well yeah if you want to have amateur results and have these same results as everyone else and crying in the comments about it but if you want to take it to the next level and do what the big dogs are doing that are being able to scale to 6 7 8 figures a year then that's the types of things that you have to go out your way and do and you have to willing to invest a little bit more so do you need a photo ad do you need a video ad well number one it comes down to what proof do you need to Showcase people that's going to get them to buy your product now typically we'll see more top of funnel type stuff you're unaware problem aware solution aware markets are going to be a lot more videos where we'll see more of your product aware and aware markets will be a little bit more photos because we can just showcase like one little thing and that's it so it also kind of depends on like what stage of Market awareness you're targeting if they've already seen all your stuff they've seen videos they're sold on the product and we just want to show them a discount cuz it's an aware ad then all we do is Showcase the picture of the product and the discount if it's like a to wear probably do like mix 50/50 just again depending on the product and depending on we're trying to communicate to people just really depends right there so should you use a video AD should you use a photo ad at the end of the day it depends on what you need to Showcase what proof do you need to Showcase to people that your product does what you claim that's the key answer right there so hope you all enjoyed this video make sure H the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and if you're interested in me running your Facebook ads we specifically help brands that want to go from about 100 250 a month to seven figures per month we've helped four Brands now scale to multiple seven figures a month love to help you out be the next one if you want to join a group of other marketers that review each other's creatives and improve you know their Facebook ad results and have me Mentor you then click the link below to have Nick Terio Mentor you and if you want to learn exactly how to create creatives that convert and that spin six figures or more on Facebook then click link below for Nick's Facebook ad course thank you guys so much for watching my name is is nario I'll talk to you guys later peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexisdormal7011 [6 likes]: Hey Nick, nice video as always! As you told, image ads tends to have higher frequency than video, and I would even add that the closer to static, the higher the frequency will be so an image will get high frequency, short video a little bit less, and long video less again, I mean videos are not all equal regarding frequency. I don't think it's much about the audience it can reach or not but much that the longer the format the less facebook wants to show it to you because it's okay to see the same image 2 times a day but not the same 2 min long video since there is less chance you will be interested again to watch it. What I have seen is that the less data you have on the account, the better it is to be closer to static because as the frequency will be high it means It will retarget inside the broad adset allowing you to have faster sales and secure fast return and support the cashflow. When these ads generate more than they cost, it's good to add short video ads and then longer video allowing you to scale with higher reach and secure longer term sales and cashflow. The early process allows to scale because we now have data and cash
  2. @basic22221 [3 likes]: Bro is single handedly carrying the whole industry! ⛰️
  3. @Aviel-b8p [2 likes]: Nick love your videos! I have general question, I run 3 test ad sets. 2 with interests and the other is broad. But somehow to broad ad set has the highest frequency. I didn't understand how it's make sense because I thought that broad is the most scalable...
  4. @keithfolse4068 [1 likes]: Thanks for this great video / explanation!
  5. @medicarejoe [1 likes]: What do you do if DCT is taking majority of ad spend over the Main but the Cost per lead is double the main? How long are you testing the new DCT for now?
  6. @lorenzvillain [1 likes]: @nicktheriot for an aspirational product nothing especial a normal backpack what  do you think could work better ? video or image ? maybe a video could increase more the sales ?
  7. @amigoLia [1 likes]: Put that music on the background off man my head!!!!!!
  8. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: how come supplements work so well with image ads. Ik some companies do a mix of image and video but it seems image performs best and supplements need proof though
  9. @NirmalKumar31 [1 likes]: I added the custom metrics of hold rate but for all my DCTs the hold rate percentage is not populating. How to see my individual ads hold rate?
  10. @a.mitkovski [1 likes]: If you’re slowly getting closer to selling out of stock but you’re ad is scaling like crazy and it takes 5-8 weeks for stock to arrive, are you pulling back on ad spend drastically? Or keep scaling and let it sell out whilst customers have to wait for a re stock?
  11. @brettold6912 [1 likes]: Hey Nick just curious is facebook bugging out for you aswell. Specially saying ads won't be delivered to placements with no reasons provided?
  12. @maureenmayers [1 likes]: Hey 👋🏻 Nick could you make a video on how to extract post ID of a winning ads with a good amount of engagement, heard twitter folks saying it's media buying lesson #1 or else you can't become or called as a good media buyer 😔
  13. @Serryna51 [1 likes]: Hi Nick! quick question : new account, i have 2 campaign, same ads, 1 broad with your structure and 1 with interests.. the campaign with broad audience receive far fewer page views than the interest campaign and no conversions! Shouldn't it be more profitable when I let the algorithm choose who to show my ads to? thank you!!!
  14. @Mia_archerron [1 likes]: Literally my internal debate these days while starting a new ad campaign, thank you for the info!
  15. @antonettehicana8957 [1 likes]: Love the visuals of this video
  16. @NirmalKumar31 [1 likes]: I run DCTs but the hold rate is not showing Nick.
  17. @Mahon123 [1 likes]: Is using interest on Instagram Ads Broad ??? Or broad means not using any Related interest ?
  18. @SubhasisBhowmick-z3i: Your video on ad performance is pure gold! For those integrating cold emails into their marketing mix, DoYouMail is a solid option. In my experience, the scalability and dedicated IPs provided have substantially improved deliverability rates. Plus, being able to send unlimited emails from unlimited domains saves on costs. Highly recommend giving it a spin.
  19. @ADVANCES273: This Facebook ad content is so helpful! Speaking of helpful, Filter Bounce has dramatically improved the quality of my email lists. It is kept my bounce rates super low, under 1%, which is crucial for maintaining my sender reputation. It is especially accurate with big domains like Microsoft and AOL. If you are serious about email marketing, you gotta try Filter Bounce.
  20. @eldaniram: What about carousel Ads in Flexible ads (DCT) are they possible?

- 10 Meta Ads Creative Formats That Convert Like Crazy in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en a huge thanks to story blocks for sponsoring this video every year I share the ad creative formats that actually convert on meta ads and let me tell you 2025 is already shaping up to be a very interesting year some of the classics are still crushing but there's a whole new wave of new ad formats that are outperforming almost everything else and here's the thing get a little closer format matters but messaging is more important than ever the right messaging can make or break an ad Crea even in some cases if the design isn't that well executed that's why for each of these formats I'm also going to be breaking down the messaging strategies and extra little bits that I've seen really work well with the brands that I work on so if you're stuck wondering which ad creative to test next or how to nail the messaging in your ad creative be sure to stick around for all 10 of these formats this video is going to save you hours of guesswork and show you how to make high converting ads fast even if you're new to meta ads or if you're on a low budget also for fun let me know in the comments what your product or service is or even your brand and I will personally suggest an ad format for you to test okay let's dive into it now the first one was actually the top performing ad creative for all of 2024 and we spent well over $2 million on this one ad now the gri style ad is nothing new in fact it's been used for decades even during the print era however this ad type is incredibly psychologically pleasing in fact our brains love this ad because it completes a subconscious Loop for us essentially with a grid format our eyes are always trailing from left to right and top to bottom this ad format is great for brands that have bundles have multiple products or even have different skews AKA different colors sometimes in fact it actually just helps to show the same product multiple times now I will say the top performing ad creative for this grid style format did have a messaging element as well which is really great CU we were able to test out multiple different messaging styles to really see what worked and unfortunately I can't show you the actual ad ndas but here were essentially the messaging strategies that we were able to try and ultimately what worked best so imagine this ad tested with these different messaging points now which one do you think performed the best now I will say here this one at the end the purely value based messaging was ultimately the one that started performing first but it was actually the 10minute exercise routine that ended up crushing it and beating out all other types of messaging now now when we drilled down on this what we actually realized is this was the most scalable type of messaging that we had tested the others were looking at a specific age range and gender the other was featuring a specific social media platform rip the more you know right all right number two this one's actually new for this year but it's what people in the industry are lovingly calling EGC or employee generated content now a lot of us in the industry know about Founders ads right but what about other employees now this is actually something that I saw Jenny Kane doing over the last few years that seemed to really work well for them but my favorite way to do this right now is actually with Warehouse content Hollow socks overnight ODS and happy Mammoth absolutely crush this type of format and something that I note too is that it works really well for both images and video and I know what you're thinking what if I don't have access to a warehouse to film these types of videos well that's where story blocks comes in let's actually search for warehouses on story blocks boom you can easily use these as a background or even an individual asset now some businesses get a little anxious because they think that they need to be in the physical location to make this type of content but to be honest I've actually witnessed the green screen effect having a really similar vibe to actually being in the physical location in fact here's a really great example of this now when I want to test out this kind of stuff with the brands that I work with I use story blocks because I find that the content combines best with ugc in other forms of content that's commonly used in meta ads creative for both video and images they have a curated Content Library that has everything you need in one place with over a million 4K in HD footage templates music sound effects images and more and yes it is completely royaltyfree even for ads and you don't have to plan a photo shoot fumble with AI Solutions more on that in a bit or you know get a Creator to make this type of content for you it is literally instantaneous which just makes team so much more agile to get started with unlimited stock media downloads at 1 set price head to story blocks.com darad Deni or click the link in the description now for number three I'm actually going to be super prescriptive because I actually found that this specific type of Founders ad was working really well across several accounts so yes it is a lowii or ugc style Founders ad so it's from the founder but we have a Tik Tok response bubble that is handling a common objection now in many cases this could be a price point but if you keep on coming up again a certain frequently Asked question or a certain thing that your customers or people who want to become your customers seem to be anxious about pre purchase make content about that from the founder honestly speaking to that common objection now I'd say that this is really great for Founders that want to try this type of content but don't know where to start start with this one and here's a list of common objections you can try and number four Creator content do you notice how I'm not using the term ugc anymore here's the thing Creator content is absolutely still moving the needle in 2025 but I've really reframed how I am looking at this type of content instead of working with people who do ugc I am really aiming to work with creators because those who can show up authentically on camera and really develop that type of connection with the audience AKA real creators these are the people that I find absolutely create top converting ads not the specific type of of Creator content that I saw work this last year absolutely is more in the single testimonial vertical instead of having compilations even though I did see those work sometimes most of the time it is coming from a single Creator interestingly the type of messaging that I've seen really work number one across many accounts I find that opening a hookup with a reaction sort of like these is something that actually really resonates with people other things that work are using trigger words in the hooks so things like this and as always the good old problem solution type of AD creative absolutely still works when paired with the right Creator I would say that problem solution Creator content is like the bread and butter of AD creative content for brands that are spending more than 300 to 500k per month on meta ads you're really going to need to know how to nail this type of content because I don't actually see anything else scaling up accounts in the same way as authentic Creator content but if if you're looking for a new fun way to do this I do see this type of tweet or social media framing like this you can always change the elements around a little bit absolutely does work and look unique and number five another one of the new ones AI ads here's the thing I was a little resistant to using a ton of AI in the ad creation process um but I'm using it quite a bit now and it is absolutely working in fact if you're interested in me doing a deep dive on on AI ads let me know because I honestly don't think that what I'm going to explain here is going to be even scratching the surface of what is possible here so here's the way that I think about AI content right now in 2025 I really like to categorize it into five big buckets number one is going to include AI features that are on existing platforms that people are already using so think like your canva your Premiere Pro maybe even your cap cut Brands and designers and video editors are starting to lean into these type of features a lot I even know that I am leaning into it quite a bit especially for video edits on this channel and heck there's even geni capabilities directly inside of meta ads manager now the second bucket is more for images so it's more of your mid Journey style images these can absolutely work but they definitely have a certain look to them and I know some Brands just based on their own image alone aren't willing to go there quite yet and then there's the Deep fake style ads like what Arc ads does essentially and I will say I have been testing this out a lot recently and I'm really excited for it in in the same way that I love using story blocks to be able to test out ideas and theories instantaneously I am now able to do that quite a bit with Arc ads which is really exciting now the fourth bucket is actually just pertaining to voiceover so with something like 11 ads now why this is really interesting to me is because because it essentially enables Brands and businesses to compile all of the content that they already have and create new scripts and storylines by using voice over that is AI generated and then the fifth bucket is what I like to call endtoend AI Services these are essentially businesses like airpost that are enabled to create hundreds of ads with just a click of a button essentially automatically of course there's a lot more to it than that but essentially if you were to sign up for a service like that you would be able to very quickly very easily and quite cheaply get a ton of creative and that's absolutely where the industry is going to be headed but uh let's take a step back cuz like I said AI could really take up an entire video again let me know let's ease back into this um for number six is text based ads now the cool thing about this is I really like to think about it as just like text Heavy ads so this can be Texton ads like in images or it can be more video based I've absolutely seen both types of these ad creatives crush it and I'd say on the video side A lot of times this is something that I see Brands having already done on Tik Tok or on reals and it's like yeah like let's put some ads behind that and try it now the reason why I wanted to bring up this ad creative too is because this is something that I actually tested during Black Friday Cyber Monday and it annihilated it this is actually something that I saw a lot of Brands doing including Ripley rler and and their team told me that it absolutely crushed for them and I saw very similar results which is really exciting I'm actually currently working on trying this for a nons sale period but this is definitely an easy one to do during a sale period which I'm excited about number seven don't be mad at me Dynamic product ads DBA or catalog ads so when I was doing research for this video so that I could give you actual ad creative that I see working in converting today in 2025 instead of just what I think works in several accounts I kept on running into the scenario where catalog ads were actually the top performers whoops it doesn't make for amazing and great content but if I'm being totally honest a lot of people aren't utilizing their catalog ads to the fullest Advantage so if you're interested in doing a big deep dive on that I have a very big video that I did with Dan pantello earlier last year that a lot of you really loved that really does a deep dive on different DPA and catalog strategies and the different ways that these ads can actually show up in slightly different formats and I'll say the teaser here is that catalog ads run on a different algorithm which I am very very interested in so for nearly any brand out there especially if you have multiple SKS and multiple products you absolutely need to make sure that you are doing that type of AD format Justice and number eight negative marketing ads so this one is actually more of a messaging strategy in itself right now there are several formats that I've seen work pretty well there are the regular negative reviews I've seen the zero or one out of five star ads crushing on a few accounts which is really cool but I also think just leaning into more negative messaging within your creator content is absolutely something that I would test in your variations especially using more of those negative or hard-hitting trigger words think words like regret embarrassed hate those are three that I have personally seen work over the last few months so those could be really easy ones for you and number five ugly ads by the way let me know in the comments if you guys signed up for Barry's course I will absolutely be attending alongside you guys I am so excited to learn more from him he actually used to be my boss which is pretty cool but the reason why I really wanted to bring up this specific type of AD format is because there are several different ways that you can do ugly ads number one but also this is actually something that meta has been talking more about how this is one of their top performing types of real ads they call it lowii content but I do think it's really interesting that the platform and even bigger brands are starting to wise up and be like wow yeah like this actually crushes and it's absolutely something that brand should be doing in the way that I like to think about ugly ads it's absolutely more of a state of mind than it is a specific format and the way that I like to get people like geared up to think about this type of AD creative is in a few ways so first one is what if I challenged you right now to make an ad creative within 5 minutes what would that ad creative look like another really great exercise you can do with your teams if you want to get them to start thinking more in this vein is actually to have them call their mom their family member their girlfriend their whatever their best friend and try to get them to sell something to them of course I immediately think of that Wolf of Wall Street Scene but what I actually mean is think about a product or a service that you really loved and simply just talk talk to your significant other or your close family person about it and think about the things that you are bringing up when you are trying to emphasize what a great experience it was or how much benefit you got from it but I know that this is just a YouTube video a ton of you aren't necessarily going to try those exercises even though I know they're really valuable I think only the serious ones will so if you're curious about what ugly ads do tend to look like of course we have the Post-it note ad still crushes still see it work but also one shot one take videos so essentially just you know take your phone and film an ad within a few seconds 30 seconds just Yap see what happens again I think this this is where the actual getting on the phone with a person that you're close to and talking about a product that can really help that's essentially what that type of ad is and then there of course the POV shots so instead of doing like a Yap this is like you know from the perspective of you so I think a lot of times like people's mind jump to the unboxing it's not necessarily that it's more um the product in action and then of course another classic ugly ad style are these Nostalgia Graphics much like these essentially for ugly ads you just have to think how to communicate as authentically as possible and what that potentially looks like and number 10 to round us out I want to talk about my POV on features call outs ads on US versus them on Headline ads testimonials and before and afters to be honest all of these formats are still absolutely worth testing in 2025 but I won't lie most of the top performers that I've seen again and again over the last few months are things that I already mentioned in this video but every once in a while there is a huge Banger there within one of these classic ad formats and I'd say too especially if you are a newer brand or a brand on a budget or a brand that is just coming to Market a lot of times for instance I'll see the US versus them be the first ad that really crushes it for that type of business same thing with the features benefit call out style ads and another thing to mention here too is I've predicted that creative volume is going to be something that's really top of mine for advertisers this year and Ash actually had an amazing tweet about this today where he talked about how many ad creatives they made in 2024 and also the percentage of those that were top performers and it was 9% which really shows hey you know the more ad creatives that you put out there the more chance that you give for something to really resonate the more times you're going to win but I do know that there's a huge debate about quality versus quantity and I do believe that there is a world where you can increase quantity without sacrificing as much on quality because of the rise of AI and if you know your customer really well and you never stop the customer research Journey then creating ad creative around those desires those things that really psychologically tick within all of us then I think volume is not going to be a problem for you and getting more of those winners is inevitable and the final ad creative that I want to talk about this is actually an extra one a bonus one if if you will but something that I've been thinking about over the last few weeks especially with this Tik Tok band looming maybe Tik Tok is no longer around um when this video is being published my goodness is this idea around brand formance which is something that my colleagues at BMG 360 actually talked about when we did a talk at meta recently now something that my good friend Nikki Henning and colleague talked about is actually them starting to put ad spend behind creative that was doing really well for them on reals or organic and I think that you know if you're looking at all these ad creative formats and you're a little lost and you're a little confused about organic versus paid ads and like the real difference there I think it is still especially in 2025 really worth putting some ad spend behind those creatives that are working for you on organic and again this is something that I've talked about in a few other videos but when I was at the meta agency Summit late last year the number one thing that they talked about was authenticity and content and creative AI was actually the second most discussed topic which is still a lot but I really do think that as much as we have this push for things that seem manufactured or AI driven what we actually all want as an industry is more of that authenticity and I find that often times that authenticity really does start on the organic level and that's it thank you so much for staying to the end that means that you're real well so please like And subscribe those small actions really do help me out and I can't wait to see you guys in the next video love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [19 likes]: If you want to take a look at these ads, I made a board for ya: https://projects.motionapp.com/organization/62e1a18ec3eea561c6acbbb1/creative-research/6791126287878dad7f216900

Tell me your product/service and I can suggest one specially for your brand :)
  2. @brgmusic-11: This video is from Jan. 2025. Did you just change the title instead of making a new one? So scammy...
  3. @wagnermedrado4020: Obrigado pelo conteúdo agregador.
  4. @amandamatfin4570: great tutorial, thanks. Have you done this for 2026 yet? I have a web directory business. What do you suggest for content strategies? Is it B2B
  5. @ninie_vlt: I do swimwear!
  6. @OsamaKamal-q3u: I am a beginner, please help me earn money from meta ads. If any American man/woman can guide me and give me work, someone will be a good person. I am from Karachi, Pakistan.
  7. @laszlofodor8653: What format would you recommend for Accounting Service?
  8. @delaneyryanUGC: Replying to 1:05! Sand Cloud bath towels 👀
  9. @ahmedalali6210: Interior design
  10. @karenmoise6631: wedding venue in Austin Tx
  11. @GabriellaHedberg-o1w: What would you say works best for a photo- & videographer company?
  12. @lillymaymusic97: I'm making facebook and instagram ads to promote schools. Trying to increase number of people filling out our forms to 1) attend an open day for a primary school 2) Apply to a Sixth form for girls. 

I have branded graphic assets which i was going to make into a slideshow format but that seems pretty boring. Obviously I'm in Education and can't do anything click bait or too risky!

Any advise would be much appreciated!
  13. @AliRajpoot-n9n: Insightful incredible these 10 Meta ad formats are pure gold. Backed by real data not just theories.Meta's2025 ads are revolutionizing digital marketing with creativity,
  14. @AliRajpoot-n9n: As a marketer myself, I believe that if you're good at what you do, you don’t need to rely on negativity.
  15. @meganhammes1041: Roofing and Exterior
  16. @AliRajpoot-n9n: This is really inspiring content — your energy and message are so powerful! 👏Meta Ads creative formats, Best ad creative formats 2025
  17. @KaithCyprineOrtiz: Home maintenance
  18. @robhenrichs12: We have an indoor golf facility.
  19. @peterpaulhart3842: My service is interior design for housing, private customers. which ad-format do u suggest for me to test? thx a lot
  20. @SplashBuddies: automotive wrap shop

- *EASY* Facebook Ad Designs That Convert: Kind: captions Language: en What's up marketers and entrepreneurs? Today I'm going to be showing you the easiest Facebook ad designs that convert so that you can increase your ROAS, reduce your CPA, and ultimately drive more revenue for your business. Now, the coolest thing about all these ad designs is you're going to be able to create these for yourself for free. So, this is great for entrepreneurs who are on a budget. With that said, I actually use these same strategies for brands that are spending a million dollars per month on ads. So, the ad designs I'm going to show you in this video are going to help you out regardless of how much money you're spending per month on your Facebook ads. Also, be sure to stay to the end of this video where I show you all the tools that I use to develop this ad creative. It's going to include the exact same software that I use, which are perfect for absolute beginners. So, let's dive in. Now, the first ad that I want to talk about is called a benefits overlay. Now, this is the easiest type of ad to design, but I often find that it is so overlooked because it really is that simple. So, all we're going to do here is take your best performing image. It can be either from your organic social or from your previously tested ads, and you're simply going to add a text overlay onto that image. Now, ideally this text is going to be calling out a benefit that you want your customer to experience from your product. Something like this Monday Swimwear ad, which I noticed that they use this strategy quite a bit. Now, one big reason you need to try out this ad creative is I've actually noticed better returns coming from images that have a text overlay as opposed to trying out multiple different types of creative in the primary text. I actually believe that less and less people are actually reading the copy on our ads. So, by using this strategy, you're going to be able to actually communicate more about your product. Now, you can also use this strategy as a video. And again, you don't have to over complicate this. Simply take a video from your mobile device of someone using your product and put that same text overlay over it. Now, I find that the thing that actually trips up some media buyers on this specific strategy is what a benefit actually is. Most of them tend to confuse it with a feature. And something that a colleague actually said to me recently provided a lot of clarity on this subject, so I'm going to share it with you right now. And what they told me is a feature is what your product has, but a benefit is how that feature or features has benefited their lives. Now, I think this Looney ad did a great job of calling out number one the feature, which is their microbial fabric, and how it actually benefited their lives, which is by doing less laundry. Now, the next ad that I'm going to talk about is what I call a features point out. And this ad is almost going to be as easy as a benefits overlay with just a little bit more design flare. Here, we're going to take an image of your product, preferably on a plain background, and simply call out the most important features around the product. Now, this is actually one of those ads that does really well in both prospecting and retargeting. So, if you're a little bit unsure about how to diversify your creative funnel, simply put this ad type into both TOFU and MOFU. I think this ad does so well because it goes a long way in helping to stop the scroll. And even as a user, I find that when I read one of those bullet points or features, I end up reading the rest of them. Additionally, I think that this is another type of ad that could easily translate to video. Just include a close-up on your product of a plain background, maybe even shooting it from point of view so that you can see your hand or something, and then simply add the features around the product. You don't have to worry about like doing the point out. I find that that just like adds a little bit more mess and noise, so definitely just keep it simple here. Now, the next ad type I want to talk about is Instagram Stories style creative. Now, this is not just creative for the Instagram Stories placement, but also for the feed. In a nutshell, these type of ads are made to look like organic Instagram Stories style content. So, they're going to be using the San Francisco font. They're going to be shot like it's a form of Instagram Stories. And they're also going to maybe include GIFs or stickers right on the ad content. And this is another type of ad creative again that you can use in the form of images or in videos. Doughnut Over is a brand that excels in this strategy, and they've been able to create Instagram Stories style content that's in image and video form for the feed, but they've also doubled down on this strategy to create Instagram Stories style creative for that specific placement, which is really cool. Ultimately, if you can create Instagram Stories for your brand, then you can create this type of ad creative. Now, the fourth strategy I want to talk about are TikToks. Now, this is super similar to Instagram Stories, but taking organic content from your brand's TikTok or from an influencer collab is another fire strategy that's really easy to produce, but has really great benefits. And I do want to clarify this, the best results I've actually seen from using this strategy do include that little TikTok logo in the actual piece of content. Now, if you're creating this type of content yourself for your business or for another brand that you work with, you're going to need to study what is popular and working right now on TikTok. So, be sure to follow your competitor brands and see what they're doing. Now, don't worry about reinventing the wheel here. You actually do want to completely steal the strategies that are working on TikTok. It's the whole point of this ad strategy. Now, I think that this specific strategy is a must-try for consumer product goods and any kind of lifestyle fashion brands. Do not sleep on TikTok just because you have preconceived notions of the platform and you don't understand it. You're a marketer or entrepreneur, it's your job to know these kind of things. Now, the fifth ad type I want to talk about is unboxing videos. So, if you are nervous about creating video content for your brand, an unboxing video is the perfect place to experiment. This kind of creative is going to feel like user-generated content, which is a great way to stop the scroll, especially in retargeting where people already have some knowledge of your product or brand. And what's so cool about this strategy, too, is you can combine it with two other strategies we've already talked about in this video, which are Instagram Stories and TikToks. So, if you're unsure about what you'd actually film for those two strategies, try filming an unboxing. So, here's an unboxing that I actually did for one of my clients, and I actually have a video that shows the several different types of creative I developed for them. So, if you are personally creating this creative for your brand, be sure to check that video out. Now, the last ad type I want to talk about is called the testimonial cut and paste. So, something that's actually a very popular strategy on Facebook ads is to use a customer testimonial directly in the ad. But I've actually found that this specific strategy wasn't super effective for the brands that I was working with, with the exception of this slight tweak. So, many brands are simply going to take the testimonials and curate it themselves to look something like this. But I've actually found more success lately by taking a screenshot of the actual testimonial and pasting it directly on the ad creative. Now, I think the best type of things that you could screenshot are Instagram DMs, Facebook DMs, or even Facebook comments and Instagram comments. Something that looks like you're viewing it from a mobile device cuz likely people are going to be discovering your brand on the mobile device. Now, I think the reason why this ad type works so well is because these kind of testimonials are a little bit harder to fake. And therefore, potential customers are going to be more trusting of it because it seems like a more organic and authentic review. Now, it's kind of interesting. I personally don't automatically assume that all the testimonials that I see on ads or websites are fake. However, I have heard from a lot of my non-marketer friends that they automatically assume that these testimonials are fake. So, I want you to tell me in the comments below if you believe that customer testimonials that brands use on their ads or their websites are fake cuz I think it could lead to a very interesting discussion. Either way, this type of ad is super easy to create, and I like using it in GIF or image form. The last thing I want to talk about are the free tools that I use to develop all of this ad creative. And the first one is Canva. Now, this is going to make any of your image-based content creation super easy, so your benefits overlay, your features point out, or even your testimonial cut and paste. These are all things that I make in the free version of Canva. And honestly, I tried other platforms and software, but they just don't work as well. And for light video editing, I use the mobile app called CapCut. And I know I've mentioned this in another video, but this app makes video editing super easy. It's kind of feels like you're creating an Instagram Story. Additionally, for video, if you want to create TikTok or Instagram Stories style creative, then just use those specific platforms. There's no reason that you have to add another layer of complication. You can totally just create that content and then save or download it to your mobile device, and then use that on your ads. And that's it. Leave me a comment with the ad creative that you're going to try first from this video. And if you enjoyed this video and got value from it, please give it a like so that YouTube will show it to more people. Okay, guys. Thanks. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [5 likes]: Which one of these ad designs are you going to try in 2021?!
  2. @Badr-zs9vc [2 likes]: Thank you so much Dara Creative!
  3. @leveluporganics8663: I love how you simplify these ad creatives Dara! You definitely inspire me! Do you work with small budgets or only large spend ad campaigns?
  4. @misterhanwee1030: Weeeeeee~ Gonna try these out~
  5. @HoMeP1able: Hey Dara I just recently discovered your channel and I’m loving it. For tiktok and instagram videos that I would use for facebook feed placement, should I add side bars so video is 4:5 or 1:1 ratio or I can keep them 9:16, what was your experience with that?
  6. @haleymcdonald197: Great ideas! For the example where you take snapshots of actual testimonials, do you have to ask the customers permission? I am going to test this out with my retargeting ads.
  7. @ssin616: I’m extremely cynical and initially think all customer reviews are fake, but I’m not the consumer and my point of view will forever be different from theirs. I’m curious to learn what the average consensus is on that tbh
  8. @ahmadvirk2154: Great content Dara Thanks.
  9. @taminoemth2486: Great content!
  10. @pophabitatTV: Gold content! just wondering if facebook policy would allow tiktok logos on ads? anyone rejected on this or is it all good? :D
  11. @maryjessiree6774: hello.. may i ask what app should we use in making/editing ad creatives?
  12. @maryjessiree6774: hi dara can you make a separate video  teaching us how to make a effective ad creative for cold audience and also what kind of ad creative for are effective for warm audience
  13. @guneetify: Hey. I’ve been struggling writing benefits for products in my store. My store has cat products like keychains etc. what’s a benefit of having cute keychains? Thanks 😊
  14. @basilward8098: thank you great info ....
  15. @meetadbox1925: Great video as always!
  16. @joshualozada9593: Just found out about your channel and it really is helping me to get new ideas! Thank you and I hope you will make more videos on social media marketing. :)
  17. @yutsiyutischi8889: I personally don't like testimonial based ad. If they use an Influencer I know, then I would trust. But a random person from nowhere doesn't give that sense of credibility.
  18. @PrintedBonnet: Thoroughly enjoyed this video and plan on testing out the call out feature.
  19. @LennyYT: Sadly many fake it. There are even UGC companies.
  20. @epicprism2936: Straight to point.  I like that.  Thanks Dara

- Top Facebook Ad Design Tips That Convert to Clicks (Plus Examples): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook is home to more than six million advertisers even though it's such a crowded marketing space Facebook offers the highest return on investment of any social media platform but it must be used properly hello world my name is Mike plugger and I'm here with viz me which empowers everyone to create beautiful and engaging advertising visuals social media graphics and other visual content now the ultimate goal of creating a Facebook ad is to make a viewer stop their seemingly endless scrolling and take action with your brand if your ad isn't motivating a viewer to engage with your product or your service it's not an effective ad the best way to interrupt your Facebook scroller is with a well-thought-out visual and over the next few minutes we'll tackle a number of tips to help you create stunning visuals stopping scrollers in their tracks and changing the way you market through Facebook shall we now there's no better way to sell a product than by putting it front and center scrollers are scanning pages just waiting for something to catch their eye so you need to make sure you grab their attention one of the best ways to do this is with your own high quality photo of your own product Facebook is a sea of low quality images Nike is not one of them they highlighted one of their cleats with a simple high-resolution image and notice the only text that they used in their post is the name of the cleat followed by a few powerful words clean and simple on what they're selling now maybe you're asking but Mike what if I'm selling multiple products well don't worry facebook offers a carousel ad which lets you showcase up to 10 visuals within one single ad these are particularly useful because they stand out and they're interactive users can swipe from image to image making the ad more engaging and effective now well actually discuss carousel ads a little bit more here shortly as they can help in more ways than one and even if you're not selling a tangible product you can still use some professional quality photos to sell a service or a virtual product an e-book is an example that comes to mind for a virtual product you would want to showcase the cover or even the first page to draw a reader in or if you're selling a service like maybe your own photography business use some photos from previous clients showcase your work as best you can so a customer knows what to expect if they hire you now if you're a b2b or a SAS company product photography isn't much of an option what would be much better is creating your own illustrations these are totally customizable allowing you to cater your image to your target customer you can get creative and have fun with it just as MailChimp did here in these Facebook ads incorporating icons and your illustrations can be beneficial as well they're recognizable and can save a ton of space if you use them to replace text just be sure to use a similar icon style if you're using multiple icons in one image you don't want your image to look sloppy this is actually one of the services that vis me can help you with you can create your own beautiful Facebook ads with thousands of free built-in graphics illustrations icons and more try us out at vism CEO but not just yet as we still have more tips to cover before you begin believe it or not colors are more than just colors colors actually have meaning this infographic sums up what emotions a color can elicit in a viewer if you're thinking of using a color different from your logo take a look at this graphic and decide what you want your viewers to feel is it optimistic is it creative is it neutral you start to get the idea you can also check out viz means own blog post where we dive deeper and do color psychology with that in mind remember you will be advertising through Facebook since the social media giant primarily uses white and blue your best bet is to advertise using anything but that color scheme use bright colors and create strong contrast to that Facebook blue and a or Asia like you see here couldn't have done a better job they won't win that poppin red which immediately catches a viewers eye and no matter what color you decide on make sure there's a variation between the background color and the elements in your photo if you use a dark background use lighter text to make it more noticeable as you have here with harley-davidson in G to crowd the same goes with a light background in darker text now whatever photo you use make sure there is a purpose behind that specific photo a deeper meaning should lie within the image itself don't just use an image because you thought it was a good picture when starting to determine your reason think of why you created the ad in the first place are you showcasing a product supporting a cause solving a problem you want your message to resonate with your audience your target audience will share the same values interests and beliefs as your company Dollar Shave Club crushed gender stereotypes in their Facebook ads through visual storytelling they're able to immediately connect with their audience and in turn sales will soon follow now we mentioned Carol saw ads earlier but here we see them again with multiple pictures it's a little easier to tell a story reworked used a carousel ads to highlight the various benefits of booking a workspace through their website and what was previously known as a canvass ad is now known as the instant experience with the instant experience ad you can take your viewer on an interactive fullscreen visual journey these allow you to create a fully customized experience that is sure to grab and keep a viewers attention coca-cola took advantage of the opportunity here when debuting their new aluminum bottles they took advantage of the opportunity to use photo and before I get ahead of myself let's look into ways that you can do the same what if I told you that people spend five times more time on video content than static images what about the fact that people are nearly two times more likely to make a purchase after watching a video Facebook videos have changed the game for advertisers as they're engaging interesting and tell stories as we just talked about in order to connect emotionally and make the most of your video ads here are some tips number one keep your videos short I'm talking no more than 15 seconds grab your viewers attention right away and lock them in your viewer doesn't have all the time in the world to watch sponsored content and number two ensure your video makes sense with Alex audio the majority of people won't have enabled with their autoplay so make sure you have subtitles or text overlays to help them better understand your video [Music] now we've covered the tips for making the most of your visuals but that's not all you need to know when it comes to advertising on Facebook with 97% of b2c businesses and 89% of b2b businesses using Facebook creating stunning visuals is just the beginning of creating compelling ads your need your content to land in front of the right audience and most importantly convince them to take action here are a few tips to do so ad copy gone right not necessarily visuals can be very important but great ad copy can also boost an ad success characteristics of effective ad copy include keeping it short and sweet finding a way for it to offer value ad copy can instill a sense of urgency in a viewer and it can also reduce uncertainty and build trust in your viewers no online ad is complete without a call-to-action button you can have the most compelling story imaginable but if you don't guide a viewer with what to do next you won't see any results examples can include a shop now' button if you're showcasing your product or try a register to win button if you're promoting a contest Marcato encourages users to download a free sample in their facebook ads as you can see here facebook offers a variety of targeting options to ensure your message is reaching the right audience take advantage of their help you can customize colors tone of voice the call to action button or the message to better your chances of a response 1-800 flowers use Facebook Ads to target men into buying flowers for their significant other on Valentine's Day and trust me it worked where will your ads be placed on Facebook well that's completely up to you but optimizing your ad for a specific occasion is key as your ad will appear differently depending on where you place it if you plan on advertising in the newsfeed it will appear on both mobile and laptop desktop computers however if someone is viewing it on their phones there's a lot less room for ad copy so you'll want to keep it concise if you advertise on the right column of Facebook it will be cheaper but that's because it's not visible to those who are scrolling on their phones and the right column ads are much smaller and more difficult to read so these work better with customers who are already well aware of your company finally don't just create one design and throw it out into the world come up with multiple ad versions and split test them to see what works best you can test ad copy your call-to-action button visuals colors all the characteristics that we've talked about in this video you might be surprised with the results and after testing you're ready to go it's time for your ad to be seen by the world at the end of the day it's all about grabbing a facebook scrollers attention with the right visuals and ensuring that they take action with your brand I hope this video helps you as you embark on the next challenge and with whatever you're taking on next don't hesitate to check out business channel for more content on how to help your design adventures thank you so much for watching don't forget to subscribe and for now I'm Mike loader with vis me helping you make information beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @OkelloDunkleyDSLRWorkshops [5 likes]: Is he Jimmy Kimmel's little brother?
  2. @LiamWoodShots [1 likes]: Finally found a video that actually shows real examples with explanations! Top video thanks!
  3. @marks9444 [1 likes]: An ad for an ad...
  4. @Chris-ob1im [1 likes]: Thank you for a clear video that focuses on the important! I wish I had seen this before.
  5. @izabellegrenon: Thanks! Really great, no fuss and clear video.
  6. @dontrez8412: She probably invented YouTube Shorts and didn't even know it.
  7. @kristiyannikolov8473: You are a good looking man but please don’t persuade people to invest in paid adverts unless they are not ready to spend 20/30K. 
Small business must not invest couple of hundreds despite their hard work on creatives or hiring a marketing professional. There is a way which I will share
  8. @ghazanfarkhanmalghani1640: Very professional
  9. @canaykoseoglu4766: Excellent job on that video! I am quite grateful. I'd like to provide some suggestions on this subject. Making the images for my ads was done with Canva. I then met with WASK. As I can make and manage my own ads, I don't understand why I should pay for a design tool. As a result, I strongly recommend that you go to WASK.
  10. @AFoxtrot: Yes! We have been observing the use of color schemes to improve the ad creative performance at Adbox. Yellow and black is definitely a powerful combination to make the ads pop.
  11. @ceyda7462: As I amateur advertiser, I can suggest WASK. In my opinion, the designer is the best part of it. I can design my ad images and use them for my Facebook ads. Honestly, it is not the best design platform but I like to not pay for creating ad images. I can both design and publish from one single channel.
  12. @hyk2005: another excellent tips from visme. by the way I'd like to learn  how to presenting and public speaking technique like Mike did.
  13. @apersonlikeanyother6895: Great. So waffle free!
  14. @vanlongecolodge4505: great tips, thanks
  15. @SabatoDeSimone: Amazing tips, thanks! 🙏
  16. @adh-techie: Create Facebook in 4 Steps Trailor : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sVVnGlrxIko
  17. @standardeducareglobal2550: Greate tips ..........
  18. @maryjanevivas1086: great video. Thanks for this!
  19. @WatchThisNOWNow: Could it be possible to have all those tips into a pdf? 
Great to follow along instead of watching a video: text has its advantages over video, it's less moving and changing enabling the brain to grab its meaning then apply it.

Apart from that thanks for those tips, great info.
  20. @sweetflower6630: https://promo.grsm.io/kaoutarchakir8749

- Facebook Ad Design - Facebook Ad Graphics That Work!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - Hey, it's Andrew and in this video, I'm gonna show you four Facebook ad image styles that you really should test for any campaign that you've run. Now, you'll often hear advice. And I agree with this advice that when you're starting a new campaign, you should really test all different creative types, meaning images, videos, carousels and even instant experiences. (whooshing) But what you don't often hear about is that for each of these there are different styles that you should test as well. And so that's what this video is all about. different image styles that you should test for any campaign. So just to give you an idea of how effective this can be where did this for a new campaign that we started really recently, and one of these particular styles outperform the others by 40%, meaning our lead costs were 40% cheaper for this one particular image sock. And at the end of the video, I'll talk in more detail about how to approach your next steps. So after you test all of these styles, what do you do next? Okay, so make sure you stick around for that as well. So before we jump into the first image type if you do enjoy this video please just give that like button a quick tap that's all I asked for on this channel. I don't sell anything, but if you enjoy the video then I simply ask that you tap that like button. It really does help get these videos and this channel in front of more people and help me keep creating the best content possible on Facebook ads for you. So the very first image I'm going to share with you is the text only image. Now looks a little something like this. And the text only image is pretty much what I described it as. It's a simple background with some text on the front. Now, usually all we do is match these with the brand colors meaning the colors of the brand that we're advertising for. And more importantly, matching it with the colors on the landing page colors and font I should say. So the style matches, we really wanna make it congruent with our landing page. But these simple ads can be really, really effective. They're quick and easy to make. And the real key here is that you take a similar approach to writing the text on these ads as you would with a Facebook ad headline. So follow those same sort of rules that you would with a headline, create something short and punchy for the text on these texts, only graphics and they can work really well for you. One thing I will say here is a lot of people ask me, "What about the text rules?" Facebook actually don't have text rules anymore. They used to have rules that said, "If you had more than 20% text on your ad, it would get flagged or rejected." But those rules just don't exist anymore. So you don't need to worry about it. So that's the first one text only graphics make sure you include those in your roundup of images. So the second one we're going to talk about is the photo plus text. Now again, pretty self-explanatory there basically what these are is there a photo with some text overlay. Often these also have some graphic design layered in as well, so some patterns and things overlaying this, but essentially what they are is a photo with some nicely designed texts over the top. And you've probably seen these in your newsfeed before because they are extremely popular. Now that can be a good thing and a bad thing because anything that's extremely popular. Well, it's popular because it's working for some people but once it gains in popularity and you try and do the same what can happen is you start to get ad fatigue meaning that people have seen this design so frequently and this style so often that they instantly, their brain whether they consciously think it or not they know that it's an ad, okay. So that's just something to be wary of, I'm not saying don't test these I'm saying absolutely. You should include these in the mix, but just be careful that with anything, once it becomes popular it often can fade away in terms of ad performance because people start to become highly aware that this is used in an ad. So to create these for yourself take a photo, overlay some texts, and some design. You can actually do this in Canva really quickly and easily as well. If you use that tool, but that is our second design. The third design I'm gonna share with you is the photo only. And I don't know if I can really call that a design because it's just taking a photo, meaning no editing at all apart from cropping, taking a photo and using that in your ad. Now, there are a couple of ways you can do this. One of them the most popular ways at the moment that works really really well for us is really casual photo. So just taking a photo that looks like one that somebody would put in the newsfeed organically, meaning you might see a friend posting something that looks like this. It's not a super polished. It doesn't look professionally done. It's just a photo that someone may have taken on their phone. Now, the key to this is matching the photo to the emotion that you're trying to invoke with your copy. So if your copy is really happy and upbeat and you're trying to create a positive happy feeling with your ad copy, then you want a photo that matches. Maybe somebody smiling, laughing having a great time that is going to work really well. And even better, if it's a photo of the person who is running the ad because then the congruency is really, really high. Those, like I said, they're working really well because that grabs attention for the opposite reason I just mentioned in the previous graphic. And what I mean by that is, in the previous one, as I said, these are very commonly used those previous text plus image combinations. And so people instantly associated with that. But with these photo only ads, people associated a photo like that, that doesn't look professionally done or photo-shopped to be something from their friends. So they generally pay attention to that. So by doing that with your ads, more people pay attention you get more engagement and therefore better performance. Now, the other way you can do this is actually with stock photos, right? Most people say, "Ah, avoid the stock photos. Don't use stock photos," but if you choose them really well and again, you match those stock photos to the emotion that you're trying to convey in your ad then they can actually work quite well. Again, you don't wanna choose the ones that are like the people sitting around a boardroom table or this shaking hands classic, you know office type stock photo. You don't want to choose things like that. You want to choose the stock photos that look casual that almost don't look like they're professionally done if you can find those and again, match the feeling and the emotion to what you're trying to convey in the copy. That's the key to choosing a stock photo that actually works with a Facebook ad. And let me know in the comments, if you've tried any of these three that we've talked about so far as well I'd love to hear which ones you've tried or which ones are your go-to as well. So drop it in the comments we can have a chat about that too. Now, the final ad image style I'm gonna talk about before I reveal which one performed best for us in our recent tests is the illustration. Now the illustration is the vector type image. It lifts an illustration that's either done digitally on a computer or done by a person by hand and then scanned in. And these actually work really well because they're quite unusual. And you see a few different styles of these as well. One is the standard sort of vector style that you see that looks a little bit like this. And the other is the cartoon. And these are the ones that are more hand drawn. And I think I'm no graphic designer or artists but I think these are actually done digitally like with a digital drawing and they can draw all sorts of cool looking things for you including sketches of even the person who's running the ad. Now, as I said, we've seen success with these styles as well simply because they are very different. Not a lot of people run these. They take a bit more effort to create or to find a good versions of. And so when people do see these in the news feed they often grab attention really, really well. Now, one thing I will say is when you roll out and start testing these the reason I say test all of these different styles is because you'll notice that for some ad accounts some styles work particularly well and others don't but then on a different account with a different product or a different brand, or notice that a completely different style will outperform the rest. So it's important to test all of these styles find what works best for you, and then double down on that. And that's how I approach this, or go into an account I'll set up a campaign and I'll test all of these different styles. I'll see which style performs best for that brand and that account. And then I'll actually go and get many many more creatives made that match that same sort of style. So for example, if my illustrations worked best on one ad account, I would go and get another five 10 different illustration graphics that I could then keep using in ads because I'm narrowing it down. I'm seeing the style that works best for that account. And then I'm going and optimize it even further by testing many, many different variations of that. Now, for those of you who are curious the one that's performed best for us recently in the account that I just started was the text only graphics. So I was really surprised when I ran these tests to see that text only graphic outperform the other styles by 40% for us. Now, again, that worked for us, it may not work for you, test all of the styles, see what worked best but in that account, I'm actually testing lots of different variations of text only graphics now. And we're starting to continually optimize and improve our lead costs for that account as well. So if you liked the video please take a second and tap that light button, it really does help the channel and helps me get in front of more people. Because my goal is to create the best content on Facebook and Instagram advertising on YouTube and by you tapping that like button it helps me get in front of more people and helps me create more great content like this. Thank you as always for watching. I appreciate your time and I will see you soon. (soft gentle music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ediyl421 [1 likes]: Muito claro, e por mais que seja um assunto simples, me ajudou a abrir a mente para o fato que realmente existem esses tipos e que podem dar muita diferença!
  2. @shakibahmed5401 [1 likes]: I learned a lot from your videos. Thank you so much, teacher.
  3. @entrepreneurgrowthsolution9024 [1 likes]: Great content Andrew!  Subscribed! Keep it up! :)
  4. @othaimcenter5425 [1 likes]: Amazing!! This was insanely valueable! Andrew i had 1 probb with my duplicating of the ads, i wanted the ads that's got existing engagement onto the another campaign, but this darkpost wasn't able to duplicate to my new campaign,, i tried copy and pasting the post id, still it says that the post is unavailable or it's not posted in the page that i'm looking for.. but actually i did select the right page... Still the error exists, the adsets is aligned with the placement of the ads, But What's the setup error here now??
  5. @paulrobinson1288 [1 likes]: Great vid very interesting
  6. @baumhaustanzerin3540: Thanks from Banana-Repuplik Germany🤗
  7. @akid0305: I like very much your ideas how to improve ads on Meta and in general. I am sure they will help me in my future work. Thank you for your efforts.
  8. @lazregmohamedoussama1144: you are the best just keep the good work
  9. @lazregmohamedoussama1144: So good Andrew! Thanks for this. So appreciate you.
  10. @maryamnadeem544: Hi I really like your video kindly guide me is Canva is enough for Facebook ads creatives as a professional in ads creatives field
  11. @thebiologyman7894: Andrew - can I ask? If running FB ADS Campaign for conversions and sending the clicks to the Messenger, no more need to instal special events tracking, right? So, will the conversions be attributed in the reports? We only need to instal events like purchase or ATC if the ad url is going to the website, right? The client has about 5 beauty services with buy buttons so I am avoiding having to make these series of events tracking as I am still confused how to create thank you pages with 5 services and 5 pages? Can you give some ideas? Thank you....
  12. @crampsterguy7989: thank you
  13. @drameabdulrahman2395: Will definitely try the Text only and Image only
  14. @100tk5: 2:45
  15. @100tk5: 1:25
  16. @daniellejenea: Steve furlick
  17. @daniellejenea: Steve Furlick
  18. @hichem1027: a lot of GREAT content that didn't have a to of views, Thanks Andrew !
  19. @ProfessorHeatherAustin: So good Andrew! Thanks for this. So appreciate you.
  20. @randomgamingmoment: Informative 👍🏻

- How to Make Facebook Ad Images on Canva (Quick & Easy): Kind: captions Language: en how to make Facebook ad images on canva today I'm creating a Facebook ad image on canva make sure to watch until the end so you don't make any mistakes okay so the very first step is to log into our canva account so if you don't have one already all it takes is your email address and that is literally all about it from here I'll be clicking on create a design button right over here on the uh right bar and in the search bar I'll be searching for Facebook ad so as you can see there are many different Facebook ad templates on canva but I always recommend using the Facebook feed ad right over here I like to use this one because Square ads work well on both mobile and desktop this makes you work more effective since you can use the same ad on multiple devices so um choose square a template the one over here click on that and this will bring us to the canva editor page now um here is my secret so hear me out you want to find a Creator you know and trust someone whose ads are very successful and whose business is highly profitable it's best if this creator has an ad with a similar product or target audience and overall a similar wipe to yours so if you're for example targeting women who wants to start their own business you should then look at the ads of well-known and trusted women in the marketing space and check the type of design they create for Their audience or if you're targeting young males for example we're all about money and success you should then check out the ads they are creating for their target audience knowing what type of colors they use what images they often include how is your messaging like can really help you create a successful ad instead of just using one of the templates that canva already provides you so to do this you're going to go to the Facebook ads Library over here so it will be facebook.com/ add/ library and this tool lets you see all the campaigns all the ads currently running on Facebook and Instagram so what you're going to do now is basically in the search bar you're going to search for the Creator whose ad you want to model so for this example I'll be going with Amy Porterfield as she is a creator that I truly love and Trust so first of all what I'm going to do is I'm going to click on this uh country kind of option and from friends I'm going to say all for the category I'll do the same and make sure that it is set on all ads and here I'm going to be um searching for Amy Porter Fields right over there so here we will basically see all the ads that uh this creator has on active currently and some previous ads as well and now I'll be looking for a master class ad since that's what I'll be um promoting in the example that we'll be working on today so I'm just basically looking for a simp more ads to what I want to create and I'm also trying to basically find um an ad that has been running for a long time as this kind of indicates they are profitable okay so I found this one that I really much love so I think I'm going to be using this one over here so now what I'm going to do is I'll go back to canva and try to recreate this ad in my own style okay so I will start by choosing a background similar to the one that Amy used so as you can see she basically has her own picture over here set as a background so I'll find an image of her in Google and I'll use that as an example I found this image right over here that I think I like I'm going to be saving this image to my desktop now I am going to go back to uh my camera canvas so in order for you to uh upload an image existing within your desktop or in your computer you're going to go to the uploads tab over here click on upload files and here basically select the picture that you want to use as a background so of course I am using emy's picture here as an example but when you're doing this use the actual picture of your business owner so I'm going to click on open and now my picture will be displayed on the left bar I'm going to click on that it will appear in the middle of my page now I'm going to do a right click on it and I'm going to click on set image as background so one thing you can do is you can double click on this you can kind of play around with the placement of this image and adjust it accordingly okay now we will add the text to our ad so if you remember Amy's ad says how to add 10,000 subscri subcribers this year to transform your business's Revenue so I'm going to go with something different and I'll change mine to um something else so to do that you are going to go to the text tab over here you're going to click on add a heading so my kind of text will be boost your business Revenue this year by gaining 10,000 new subscribers and the idea here is basically to use similar fonts and styles to match the original ad text for instance I am going to make this kind of smaller and I am going to go to font over here but before that let me place it nicely over there and make some further adjustments and now I am going to go to phon and I will basically try to find uh a phone combination that kind of is similar to uh the one that Amy used in the example app we're working on so now I think I found a phone style that I like and I find it quite similar to the one um over here so I'm going to be keeping as it is right now uh one thing you will notice here is Amy kind of used this little effect or this line over here in 10,000 subscribers so I'm going to be doing the exact same thing for my own ad so to do that I am going to go to the elements tab over here and I'm going to be searching for gradients I'm going to click on see all for graphics and here I'm going to try to find a line that is similar to the one in the example ad so for instance we can maybe go with something like this one cool thing about KVA is once you uh click on one of the elements you're going to have this magic recommendations when you click on see all you will see a similar elements to the one one that you picked so you can also choose one of the examples over here so now I'm zooming in just a tiny bit and kind of placing this like that in the example 10,000 was written in bold and it was italic so I am going to mimic that as well like that so in this ad Amy used a blue kind of highlight so I am going to kind of click on my highlight over here on the top bar you will see this option for color here you can select U one of the bluish colors over here like that um and just continue to do this until you have your desired coloring and once I'm happy with my text as you can see in the original ad there is this little uh kind of box over here staring free master class I want to uh kind of recreate that in my onet as well so I'm heading back to canva over here again I'm on the elements Tab and I'm going to be going to shapes and here I'm going to click on see all and I'm going to select this square shape over here I am going to make further adjustments like that and kind of create this um column over here by simply um clicking on one of the edges and pulling it to the right side to Extended now I will create the exact same line just like the one in the example ad over here um Amy used a yellow colors so I'm going to recreate that simply by changing the color I'm clicking on the color section over here I am clicking on this yellow and I am going back to the top bar here I'm going to click on this plus icon and I will kind of adjust the um undertone of my green for instance this is not exactly the same one that she used but I want to kind of adjust this to my own one king so I'm going to go with this yellow color over here and now I'm going to be adding my text so what I'm going to do is I'm going to go back to the text T I'm going to click on ADD aop heading and here I'm going to write free master class I did this in capital letters now I am going to text color and changing the color to Black now I will place it accordingly to my line over here going back to the font on the top section you will see the fonts that are used in this document so you can for instance uh select the same font as we used for our text over here so I'm going to go and say Alex so the overall idea is if the original ad uses a specific color sheem adapted to match your brand Wildman containing the overall look and feel so one thing you can do is you can duplicate uh the design over here so you're just going to click on duplicate page and then you can kind of uh create variations with different color Shams to AB test which performs better so um to basically change the color of it if you would remember you would just go to color and kind of play around with um the coloring and see what works best for you and that's all about it you created a Facebook ad using canvas. modled after a successful ad giving you a higher level of confidence that it will perform well

- How to Create a Facebook Ad Image in Canva (Step-by-Step for Beginners): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Digital Growth Tutor. In this video, I'll show you how to create a Facebook ad image using Canva step by step. You don't need any graphic design experience. Canva makes it very easy to design professional ad creatives for Facebook and Instagram. First, go to canva.com and log in to your account. If you don't already have a Canva account, simply sign up using your Google account. It only takes a few seconds. Once you're inside the Canva dashboard, look at the left menu. [music] Click the plus create icon to start a new design. At the top search bar, type Facebook ad. You'll see several size options such as Facebook feed ad, story ad, video ad. You can select a size from the list or create [music] a custom size from the left menu if needed. For this tutorial, I'm choosing Facebook feed ad. It's a square format and it works well for most placements across Facebook and Instagram. A blank editor will open. You can manually add text, images, graphics, or videos here, but I strongly recommend starting with a template, especially if you're a beginner. Don't worry about brand colors or at this stage everything can be changed later. Choose a template that fits your product or service. For this example, I'm selecting a baby product template. Now, let's customize the design. Click on the text to [music] edit the product name or offer. You'll find all text formatting options in the top bar, including font size, [music] color, spacing, and alignment. Next, add your logo. I'm copying the logo from the Facebook page profile picture and pasting it into Canva. If your logo or image has a background, you can remove it using Canva's background removal tool. This feature is available in the paid version of Canva. Resize and position the logo to fit naturally into the design. Now, let's bring the product image from the website. Go to your website, copy the product image, and paste it directly into the Canva editor. If you drop the image onto a placeholder, Canva will automatically replace the existing image. Resize and adjust the image if necessary. Canva offers unlimited pre-esigned elements, both free and paid. I'm adding a 20% off graphic to highlight the offer. You can change the color of the graphic to match your brand color or color theme. Now I'm adding an order now button and adjusting its color as well. I notice that the product name isn't standing out enough. To fix [music] this, I'm adding a shape behind the text and changing its color to improve contrast and readability. [music] This makes the headline more visible, especially on mobile screens. Once everything looks good, click the share button, then click download. Choose PNG or JPG format for Facebook ads. Your Facebook ad image is now ready to upload into Meta Ads Manager. That's how you can easily create a Facebook ad image using Canva. If you found this tutorial helpful, subscribe to Digital Growth Tutor for more lessons on meta ads, Google Ads, Canva design, and digital marketing growth.

- How To Create Facebook Image Ads With AI That ACTUALLY Perform: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how you can create tons of static image ads that perform on Facebook. And these static images work even with the Andromeda update. And here on my screen, I have some proof of that. You can see if I do a quick refresh here, we spent just under $8,000 and we're getting a 2.13x roas and we're generating AI image ads and we're uploading them to the ad account and we're letting them run and they're actually working. Okay, so I'm going to show you how you can create those ads. And quick background on me, I run a marketing agency. We've been around for nearly 6 years now and we work with e-commerce brands. We help them scale past $10 million per year. If you're running an e-commerce brand, you're doing over a million dollars per year in revenue and you want an agency, a partner to help you scale and an agency that doesn't work with a ton of clients but works with a few clients to really really scale those clients, then we could be the perfect fit for you because that's exactly what we do. We have two main services. We run meta ads and we create the ad creatives for those meta ads. And then our next service is email and SMS marketing to actually increase lifetime value uh with you know cohort analysis and everything else. So we have great case studies. You can come to our website hazemedia.co. Check out what clients have to say about us. And if you're interested down below the first link in the video description is actually one to go to my calendar. You can go ahead and book time to chat with me. Okay. So the platform that we're going to be using is Love Art. And Love Art is actually very cost effective as well. Like for the pro plan, which gives you access to all these models, and I would recommend going with the pro plan because you would need access to GPT image 1.5, it's $69 per month for the first month, and then it goes to $90 per month. Okay? And you get a total of 22,000 credits when you sign up, which is plenty to begin with. Okay? So, I'm going to show you from scratch how to actually create these image ads so you can follow along step by step. So, the first thing is with Love, you want to come and create a new project, right? And once you create a new project, it's going to look something like this. Okay? Now, I'm going to use an example from this company, Bloom. Great brand, and we're actually going to create static ads for them. So, in order to create our images for this brand, I'm actually going to pull inspiration from another brand. Okay. And the specific product that I'm going to be focusing on, let's do colostrum and collagen peptides. And the ad library that I've been looking at is this brand called Primal Queen. And I saw this ad and I thought it was a great ad. So, I saved it, right? I just downloaded the image here from the Facebook ad library. I'm going to use that as a reference for love art to create the image for me for a bloom. Okay. So, if we go to love art and I have this prompt ready uh which is take the format and structure of the attached image and then here I'm just going to attach the image that I downloaded from Primal Queen and then I say then create a new image for this product. Right? And I've just pasted the link to the website and I say change the colors and imagery to match the website link provided. Then I'm actually going to specify change the background color of the ad and change the imagery. Okay, so the model I'm going to select is GPT image 1.5. I've tried using Nano Banana here. It it honestly it doesn't work as well. GBT image 1.5 does take longer, but the results are much much better. So I'm just going to go ahead and send that and then it's going to do its thing. Now, while this is doing its thing, I'm going to show you a way that you can come up with a ton of headlines and even like static ad concepts. Okay, so for this, I'm going to be using this platform called Poppy. Now, you don't have to use Poppy, but it is quite cool, and I'm going to show you how to use it. Um, you do have to pay for this. The link is get poppy.ai, but it's pretty cool. So, what you can do with Poppy is you can feed this chat interface with Claude or GPT or like a bunch of different models. You can feed it context. So, what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to uh copy the link to this ad and I'm going to go back to copy and then I'm going to paste the link to this ad right here. And it's just going to take a while to load. But what I'm doing here is I'm just going to add few different ads. So, I'm just going to go back see what else they're running. I believe I saw more ads here. Let's take this one. We got to Poppy. We'll add this one as well. And you can see that the ads are starting to populate. Now, once the ads are populating, I can just drag and connect them to this chat window. And I'm just going to add some more so that it has a few more to work with. Okay, we'll add this one here. Paste this in. Add to board. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to just type a prompt to this chat window right here. And I will say >> using images to this chat. Come up four. >> Okay. So I've written a prompt here. It's basically using the images connected to this chat. Come up with 10 ideas for static image ads. I'll run on meta ads. The static image ad must clearly outline the ad format as if you're explaining it to the GBT and the ad headline and subhead and subtext. the ads must be for this product. I pasted the link to the page and then I said you must adapt ad headlines to this product. Do additional research on the web page and other sources online about better gut health to inform the ad text. So we'll see what that comes back with. Now if we come back to lo, we can see what has actually been generated for us. Okay. So what they've done is it's it's okay like it's not it's not perfect. So what we have to do now is we have to change things. Okay. Now we can actually change the text by just clicking edit text. And we can edit this just like on Figma, right? It's pretty cool. Um, so we can just edit these things right here. So if I wanted to say your jeans still fit and we can remove this, say just needed a reset. So we'll apply the edits and it's actually going to create a new image for us. Okay. Now in the meantime, notice other things like the product image is not the right one. So what we can actually do is we can select the image and we can just prompt it to change things. Okay. So I can say change the image of the product to the one attached. Okay. So this is what it's come back with. It's actually edited the text and it's also refit the text to fit the image. Okay. So pretty cool. Now another thing is that the image the product image itself is not the correct one. So what we can do is we can select this product image right here and we can say change the product image to the one attached. And I've actually got an attached file of this product. So, we'll upload the the product to the app and we'll just let it do its thing. In the meantime, Poppy has gone ahead and given us 10 different ad ideas. So, let's see what it actually came up with. I'm just going to make this window a little bit bigger. So, it has said jeans fit ad inspired by the primal queen format. Okay, great. Ad format is kind of just giving it some background on on what it actually looks like. Your favorite jeans still fit. You just need a better gut health. Subtext call outs. Okay, cool. personal testimonial style handholding bloom colostrum container against natural outdoor background with text overlays. Cool. So, what I can do with these is actually upload them and just copy and paste them into lava. I'm going to show you how to do that in just a moment. Okay. So, it's done a pretty good job at updating the product as we can see here. Now, the background colors are not correct. So, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to tell it to change the background color of the image. Okay. So, edit the background color and text color to match those on the website. Make sure the headline and sub headline text is center aligned. And all right, we'll just try and change these hearts to be green check marks. And then we'll send it off and then we'll let it do its thing. Okay, awesome. So, it's come back and it has done an extremely good job. It's updated the colors to reflect that of the product itself. And it's changed these to green check marks whereas before we had these hearts that weren't really on brand. So now I think very very good job. uh we do need to change the text but that's you know very simple we can do that in the editor right here okay so the next thing I'm going to ask you to do is create variations by changing the headline right you can see in this example right here I asked it to basically just create different variations with these different headlines right the reset you need is finally here women swear by this and just went ahead and did it seamlessly okay we can obviously change the text we can remove some text etc but again pretty good job and very very fast Right. But, you know, just copying and changing the headlines isn't very impressive. Let's ask it to create completely new images. And we're just going to feed it a prompt. We're not even going to give it a reference. Okay. And say create a completely new ad style using the same product colors. Use the guidance below to create the ad. So, now we're actually going to pull what Poppy gave us. And I'm just going to choose one of these. And we're going to do this handholding. So, let's just copy all of this and we'll go up to add format handholding bloom colostrum container against natural outdoor background text overlays headline. My blo disappeared. My skin started glowing. This was the first subment that actually made me feel like myself again. Bottom tag bloom nutrition. Okay. And I'm just going to yeah just give it this and then we'll see what it comes back with. Okay, so it's done its thing and it's come back with this. I would say pretty good, you know, like for just a prompt. Pretty pretty good. All right. Now, we could say, okay, make the background more realistic. The front of an ocean on a sunny day. Make the hand more realistic human that of a 40year-old woman. So, we'll make some changes and make sure we'll select this image just so that it knows which one we're referring to. And then we'll let it do its thing. All right, let's see what it came back with. So, it is in front of an ocean. Uh, the hand is I say a little bit more realistic. It could be better. And what I would just do here is just continue prompting it to get more accuracy. Okay. So now what I wanted to do is I wanted to generate an image of a human, right? Like a human's face holding the product. Okay. And just for the prompt, we're not going to give it an image of a woman. We're not going to give it anything else. Okay. We're just going to give it the prompt. Okay. So the prompt I have here on the right hand side is generate a new ad with an image of a blonde American woman in her mid-40s holding this product. I have given it the image of the product. The woman is in her kitchen inside a modern home in natural lighting. The photo looks like it's been taken on an iPhone. The woman's skin is natural aging signs. On top of the image below the product the woman is holding. Add a text caption that uses a black font color on a white rectangular block background. The text reads, "I was skeptical about Bloom, but now I'm a true believer." Okay, let's it's come back with this, which I would say pretty impressed. You know, like women looks realistic. The products I mean holding the product pretty well. Does it look a bit big? Maybe, right? But again, like for one prompt, I'm very very impressed. And if we go to this one that it created right here, I I did this before and it created an image of this woman holding the product in a different way like, you know, so you prompt it the same thing, but it will give you two different outputs. Okay? So you can prompt it again and again and just make sure you get, you know, a good enough output that you're happy with. And the cool thing is I can say, "All right, let's take this ad and create the same ad, but change the woman to a Asian woman in her 50s." And why are we doing this? Because with Andromeda, for example, we want a lot of different ads, right? We want not variations of the same thing, but different ads. Okay? And what you could even do is you could change the background, you could change the text, you can change the lighting, uh where the woman is placed, and obviously the how the woman looks as well. Okay? So, if you wanted to target women in 50s, show women in their 50s. If you want to target women in their 30s, show women in their 30s. Like, it's very easy now to target these specific avatars and see which avatars work best for you and your brand. Okay, so let's see what it comes back with with the Asian women in her 50s. All right, so let's come back with this image. And again, I'm I'm quite impressed. Like the image is basically the same um as this. So, you know, I would say like create a completely different person. And again, you would just prompt it over and over again. But nonetheless, very, very impressed with this, right? So, this is how to do it within love art, right? And just in this video alone, we created different images, different backgrounds, different formats with different headlines. And again, you can use something like Poppy or even just chat GBT or Claude to feed it the information and, you know, examples of ads, right? We we fed it specific examples of ads and it came back with pretty good ad ideas, right? So, you don't even have to complain about not having enough ad ideas. You don't have to complain about not being able to create enough ads because now you have the tools at your disposal. And Love Art is kind of this all-in-one where it just allows you to do everything in one. You export the ads, you upload them, now you should be uploading 20, 30 ads a week, just statics to your ad account. And a few of those are going to perform. Okay. Now, as I mentioned, if you want us to do this for you and if you want us to run your ads and grow your business through running Facebook ads, but also increasing your lifetime value, increasing your returning customer rate by doing cohort analysis and setting clear LTB targets. It's exactly what we do. We've been doing this for years. We have a killer team. We only work with a handful of clients. So, if you're interested, so if you're interested, please go ahead, book a call by scrolling down to the video description, clicking that link. The first one in the description is going to take you to my calendar. Find a sound that works for you and we'll chat about your business. See if we can actually help. Okay, that's it for this video and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordanhhayes [1 likes]: 🤝 Need a team to help you scale your eCom brand? Work with me: https://www.hayesmedia.co/youtube-book
🔓 Download the DTC Growth Vault here: https://www.hayesmedia.co/youtube-newsletter-opt-in
  2. @tburton2877: Always giving sauce thanks Jordan

- How to create Facebook Image Ads That Scale in 60 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en So, we've been recently making these image ads that have been crushing for both our Legion clients and our ecom clients. And they literally take about 60 seconds to make. Very quick, and it allows you to push out a lot of different types of image ads really quick inside of your account to also help out with create diversity inside of your Facebook ad account. Today, we'll be diving into basically just how to make winning Facebook image ads in like literally like 60 seconds. Very fast. You don't need a designer. You don't need to pay anyone else. You can just you yourself and chat GPT and some other software I'm going to show you guys today. No, this video is not sponsored or anything like that. Uh just something I've been reusing has been crushing it for us. So, I just took a screenshot from one of the accounts that we're running right now. It's a fairly new account. So, we just came into this account and just like literally some of the first sets of ads we pushed out in this account has been crushing and beating the ads inside of this ad account from you know the client that was originally running it. Now, in this particular image right here, the biggest thing to notice is that they're both image ads. And both of these image ads were created in in the way of like the the process I'm going to show you guys today. So, first things first, I'm going to chat GBT. I'm upload my product info doc and my market research docbt. And I'm basically just going to say like, hey, there's only two docs I want you to use. And basically, if you don't know how to do this, just go to how to make winning ads as a chip in 2025 full guide where I show you how to make your product research doc and your product info doc because once you have these two docs, it's pretty much like the foundation of all your future ads and everything like that. Uh, so I'll show you how to make those things. And then basically all I'm doing here is uploading those docs and priming chat GPT with like, hey, you're only allowed to use these things. So that way everything I tell you now is be based off these two docs. Next thing I'm going to do is go to creativeoss.com. This is the software I've been using lately. Again, no, this video is not sponsored. There's no affiliate link or anything like that. So, have fun. And I was very skeptical at first about getting on with Creative OS. Um, I actually did get converted by their uh ads on Facebook. So, this is probably like one of the most recent purchases I made specifically from their ads on Facebook itself. But, I was like, hey, you know, at the worst, I'm maybe going to waste like 100 bucks. And I think honestly there's cheaper settings. Um, but I know I'm paying $100 a month, but I think there's like a 30 or $45 a month plan. Yeah. Long story short, cool thing about Creative OS is that this particular platform right here is it pretty much just gives you like a ton of Facebook image ads that have been vetted significantly. So there's other platforms like Atria foreplay where like community kind of built creative platforms where you just get to see a ton of ads saved by the community. But the cool thing about creative OS is that and I did hop on a call with the founder after already using it to I just wanted to verify these things. The cool thing about creative OS is that with Creative OS you don't like save ads and it immediately gets added in for everyone to save. Their team actually has an application process that takes hundreds of thousands of Shopify brands, puts it down to like the top 800 brands and then they have further from those 800 brands a further like filtration system to where like you know the ad has to have been running for at least a year or at least you know a certain period of time. They're also the brand itself has to have been running for a certain amount of time. It also have to be at least like 100 something ads active. So they have a very very strict filtration process for ad templates they add in and then once those templates are added in their whole design team basically just goes take these templates and turns them into Canva or Figma. I don't know why but I just have a strong like negative stigma to Figma. I've used it once and I did not like it. It's extremely complicated. Um and I don't know I've just never loved Figma. So, I never use uh Figma, but I love Foreplay or Canva specifically. And cool thing about this is that you can literally just pop it in right here. And then boom, once you take it into Figma or Canva, not Figma, you can literally go ahead and it's going to give you the copy, all of the things right here to where it literally takes you literally 60 seconds. So, watch. Let me show you. I got my template and I already kind of did some examples here, but I'm just going to do some more. I'm just going to say using this headline inspo, please create me 10 headlines for my product plus persona. There we go. Chat to spit out some stuff. And the cool thing like I like about this is that it's basically you're taking in various different templates and you don't really have to think about copy. Now, is this the only thing I ever do for image ads? No. It's just one of those things that can help you guys out with push out more image ads when you're in that particular time crunch right there. So here it's going to push out a bunch of image ads and the product info and research doc. These are both example docs I've built for Athletic Green. So that's why it's this energy powder right here. Veggies you drink sounds impossible. Feels incredible. Nutrition 60 seconds. Tell sounds too easy. Feels amazing. I really like veggies you drink. Veggies you drink. And then I'm also going to pull sounds too easy. And then I'm going to do Yeah, I'll do feel wonderful. Cool. I'm going to delete this product photo. Boom. I'm going to upload my product photo. Again, I don't work with Avalon Greens. They're not a client or anything like that. I just use them as an example because I've been having too many clients complain I've been sharing their ads on my YouTube videos. So, that's the only reason why. Um, delete their logo. Add in a logo right there. Uh, performance. I'm just going to name this performance. I'm just call greens. Performance greens. Now, I don't have image ads for or images for these little things. So, I'm just going to put delete that. Boom. I'm going move that up. And then what I'm going to do is let me just here is my headline. Please give me three sub benefits. There we go. Effortless energy boost. Boom. Instant gut relief. Oh my god. Okay. And then stronger immunity, simpler routine. There we go. Now we have an ad ready to roll. Colors I would say are iffy on this. So I could spend some a little bit more time here. Like for example, changing it more towards the like athletic green ones. So I could actually change all of these. That looks good. This also needs to change right here. change all of these. All right, quick. That looks amazing. Now, let's just say I want to do some iterations of this or like a test a few different headlines real quick. I can go in and let's just say there's another one. Mom's love, no pills, no hass dreamy feels revitalizing. Okay, cool. I can come in and do this. Boom. Duplicate. And then breakfast you sip. Sounds strange. Healthy habit zero prep sound real sick. Feels perfect. There we go. So now I have literally have three image ads. I can launch file, download, deselect the first one. Done. Download. Give it a second. There we go. And then I literally have my creatives right here. Ready to go. Super simple and honestly looks 10 times better than anything you could probably make in Photoshop itself. This is just another example I made like really quick following the same process. Let me actually log back in. to accidentally log myself out. I just want to show youall some of the other templates in here. Oh, here like another amazing one. Three reasons why use template for new design. Here I can come and do the same. I don't have a good photo for this, but I'll just kind of toss this in. AG1. Oh, wait. Hold up. Here is my headline inspo. Let's just see what this one is. Oh, here we go. Three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. I choose AG one to get my energy back. There we go. Go back to chatbt. Now, it already created the three sub benefits for me, so I didn't have to do it, but I'm going to do it like this. There we go. And then one more sub protein big results. So, there we go. And then like this one would be a good one to like basically go ahead and I could split test, you know, different like three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. Instead, I could do something like this and be like, give me two more with different desires. And then we can see what this pushes out. Three reasons why I choose each one to stop getting sick. And next one's in my daily bloating. And duplicate that. And then I would also go add in like the specific sub benefits, but I'm not going to do that for this video. Obviously, I would also do like a much better photo on this side right here. But yeah, you guys know the key thing, right? Like you would go in, you could add in like more of a higher quality photo here, some type of product photography, and then boom, like this would be ready to roll. So yeah, Creative OS really phenomenal product. Something I've been using a lot lately. They have a lot of different ad types right here. offers, deals and discounts, social proof, testimonials. There's also some other stuff they have for like different like specific industries. Yeah, a lot of cool stuff. Ad layout. This is like if you want to do like only one by on's right here. I personally do only the one by ones cuz 90% of our English or our not English ads, but 90% of our ads we use specifically with what you call it um one by on's. So here, just going to do one more example for y'all. Just because I'm actually generally interested how to make this look. So, I'm going to t that put that in right there. AG1. I'm going upload. Oh, that looks good. I'm going to change this color. There we go. That's more AG green. All right. Free gift when you spend to be honest. I think AG1 does have an offer like this. Let me go through our website real quick. It's actually a free gift when you spend $90, $79. Or it's actually a free gift when you subscribe and save. So, we'll go here. free gift when you subscribe and save. And obviously, I wouldn't want to like add in that. That's some legal stuff that we should probably keep there, but I don't know the legal stuff specifically for this product. And then use code Nickio. There we go. Cool. And then obviously you can duplicate that. Now, for this one right here, I'd probably just test different like product photos here. So, let's see. Maybe I'd bring in something like this. And I can toss that in right there. Uh, that would be a problem. Let's see if I can just shrink shrink this a little bit. Can I? Oh, it is stuck. There we go. Obviously, you would make this look a little bit better, but just to show y'all. Right there. So, I could do that. And then like I don't know, maybe another one I do. Let me crop this. I think you just double click original. Oh, wait. Hold up. I would only show the one gift. Yeah, there we go. So, just some creative differences right there. Look at that. It's literally like 10 minutes. We've made what? These three creatives, these three creatives, these three creatives right there. We just made nine new image ads. And like this is literally me intentionally rushing to get this YouTube video done. Whereas like if I actually spent like a good hour really taking my time and being very particular about the copy and like actually having the right photos that my photographer already took for me. Again, this is not a product we promote or anything like that. Putting all that in together, like you can create a lot of image ads really quick. So, hope you all enjoyed this video. Again, creative oas.com. This is not a sponsored video or anything like that. Just something genuinely that we've been liking. If you look right here, I've already saved 22 hours total for just how much I've actually been using this platform and everything like that. So, I actually have been using it and stuff. It's not just something I'm throwing at y'all real quick as like a YouTuber or anything like that. But yeah, creative.com. Hope youall enjoyed this video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Zero. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pedrosierra4962 [3 likes]: creative os is the shit
  2. @michaelcorleone9989 [3 likes]: i feel like these ads are way down the funnel, and so unscalable
  3. @timlahiff [2 likes]: I've been trying to create a custom audience but when I click "create a custom audience" nothing happens. tried clearing my catch, trying other browsers and checking access. Anyone experiencing this issue?
  4. @Breadwinner109 [2 likes]: Nick love the vids. Wanted to know if you ever give the excel sheet where you write all the concepts that you test. I remember seeing it and thought it would come in handy
  5. @We_Werent_Alone [1 likes]: Nice video❤
  6. @GreatMercy-oq9rc [1 likes]: Nick, which screen recorder, do you use ?
  7. @JaimeGuli419 [1 likes]: How do you deal with text being cut off because that is not all in the "safe zone"
  8. @Marvnation [1 likes]: Start your free trial... enter credit card detail. no thanks.
  9. @abkarim100 [1 likes]: Why dont you just ask gpt to create an image id for you?
  10. @charlesbassey4829 [1 likes]: Well done Nick, i didn't get the name of the creative template site?
  11. @a.mitkovski [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I'm launching a new line of rugby memorabilia alongside my existing Australian Football ones. Would you recommend keeping them in the same Meta campaign for efficiency, or separating them into their own campaign to avoid confusing the algorithm? They're the same product essentially but two different sports. Keen to hear your take on how you'd structure it.
  12. @infowebsite-f1g [1 likes]: Do you use naming conventions to analyze your data?

I want to setup a system that we can make fast iterations so would love to hear your opinion on this
  13. @Chess-hj4gq9rk5l [1 likes]: What conversation rate do you aim for when your selling at a minimum AOV of $170 ?
  14. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Hey Nick! What time & day is best to launch a new CBO campaign? Some say 12am midnight OR 6am on Monday for cleanest 7-day data and cheaper CPMs. Does it matter if 12a or 6am? Is Monday best day?
  15. @jasonkwilliamson [1 likes]: cool content man, how do you go from like 1080x1080 to a 1920 version like Fb reel?
  16. @yūtov6w300: I cannot stress enough how much cold emails can scale your business, especially when you use the right tools! Mystrika has truly changed my approach, providing options like AI writing and personalization. It is so important for connecting meaningfully. If you have not yet, give Mystrika a shot—your email strategy will thank you!
  17. @yamamotomio9270: I have dabbled with cold emails, but Filter Bounce has been pivotal in maintaining my bounce rate! I have been using it alongside my cold emailing tool, and the real-time verification is spot on. Their affordable rates make it easy to keep consistent quality. Do not miss out on using Filter Bounce if you want accurate insights to improve your campaigns.
  18. @harunae8yi9612: I love the way cold emails allow for open communication! Since I combined Do You Mail with my cold emailing strategy, I have noticed my reputation improving significantly. The automatic DNS configuration saves me time! If you are wrestling with deliverability, I highly suggest giving Do You Mail a shot. Their scalability really makes a difference.
  19. @yukimatsuura9374: I used to struggle with identifying valid leads, but Filter Bounce took my worries away. Integrating it with my cold email efforts was seamless! The fact that it keeps my bounce rate under 1% is amazing. I highly suggest trying Filter Bounce if you are serious about effective cold emailing. It is worth every penny!
  20. @hrsproductionsvip: NICKYY!  - Clothing Brand owner here, im usually up to date with meta, but i noticed something in your videos changed. Before it was always switching to Manual Audience Targeting, and now it seems your using Advantage + Audience. The new update where you cant choose between manual sales and advantage campaign hasnt came to me yet, but i wonder.. is advantage + audience the way to go now? Ive been running ads for a while, and always used manual. Awaiting your response ! 

Watched all your vids,
                                        @up4hours

- This AI Tool Creates Facebook Ads, Images & UGC Videos in Seconds!: Kind: captions Language: en If you doing any sort of affiliate marketing right now this year in 2026, you need to pay attention because I want to share with you in this video a must-have software to help you scale up your campaigns and make more money than ever before [music] in affiliate marketing. So, let's get into it right now. Hey, it's Rob here. Hope you have an amazing day. And in this video, like I said, we're going to be talking about a must-have software for 2026, especially if you want to scale up your campaigns more than ever before as an affiliate marketer. And I'm so excited to be here to show you guys for the first time this awesome, awesome software. Uh so, for me you know, when I started and released my first program, which was called Commission Hero, uh I made it, you know, kind of a not a vow, but I made it made it my uh mission to make sure that everything I give my [music] students is everything, right? Literally everything you need to be successful is there available to them. And so, so that's what we did. And surprise, surprise, that made a big difference and that helped a lot of people have success because, well, they now have the full blueprint [music] to be successful. And so, in that time period, we've helped over 20,000 people in the 7 years that I've done this. Uh our students have done over 2 million 200 million dollars in uh total sales, which has been a game-changer and a real uh real amazing thing to see as well. You know, real people, real lives being changed, uh which is great. And that's why I'm so excited, guys, because as we celebrate our 7-year anniversary of my main program, Commission Hero, uh we decided to do something really special. So, uh about 6 months back, myself and my team, we sat down and we said, "Hey, look, what can we what can we do to take things to the next level when it comes to what we offer our students and we offer uh people really that are serious about being successful online as affiliate marketers?" Uh but so, we sat down and we said, "Hey, where are all the stuff that we're doing right now that uh you know, we don't don't need to be doing anymore because AI is here, right?" And as you know, or hopefully you should know, AI is a game-changer. AI is changing the game for uh so many different industries and uh it really hasn't changed too much for affiliate marketers until [music] now, right? And so, what we decided said to ourselves is like, "What can we do to like create an actual software and tool that allows us to um you know, gear it towards affiliate marketers, train it, and make [music] it just awesome, right?" And so, uh that's what we uh set out to do. That's what we set out to do. And we and we did it, right? So, that's why I'm really excited to share a A sneak peek inside [music] the amazing Hero Plus system and software. Now, uh like I said, Hero Plus right now is not available yet to the public uh and it [music] will be available very shortly here, guys. Now, to get access to it and to learn more about it, uh down below this video, guys, there'll be a link in the description box >> [music] >> uh for a free training, a free workshop I'll be hosting where I'll show you guys literally a full demo of the entire [music] uh Hero Plus system and software, right? And so, what we've done is we've taken uh Commission Hero and we've just supercharged it, right? Uh we've made it even better than ever before, right? Which I love to do, right? I love to supercharge things, right? Uh all my trucks are supercharged, right? And so, I said, "If I'm supercharging my trucks, I probably should supercharge my course." And so, that's what we did uh with Hero Plus. And so, I want to give you guys a sneak peek into the amazing software right now so you can see exactly what it's [music] all about, right? So, uh at first glance, when you go into the dashboard, guys, you can see amazing uh very easy to uh see, it's very easy to understand [music] um what you're looking at, right? So, I can see how many sales I have on ClickBank and MaxWeb and BuyGoods [music] and DigiStore, uh all different sales here. I can see I can see my sales today, yesterday, today, last month. I can see my sales last 7 days, this year so far. I can see what I'm doing uh overall, which is great. Now, I can just integrate all my uh networks [music] that I'm running on into my dashboard and I'm good to go, okay? Now, in addition to that, we have so many different tools here that you can look at. Now, I'm not going to show you all of them because I don't want to ruin [music] the surprise uh during the workshop uh when you guys attend it, uh but I want to share a couple tools that I think are really, really powerful stuff, right? Uh so, the first one I love here, guys, is obviously our uh Facebook uh tools, right? So, we have all the different tools here where you can see all the different things you want to do, right? So, for example, if I want to create uh user-generated content, if I want to do uh appeal scripts, if I want to, you know, appeal shutdowns, if [music] I want to do uh you know, create my profile picture, if I want to do ad preview generators, I can do all this stuff inside of here as well. So, let me show you what I mean. So, if I go into the AI tools here, and let's say for example, I want to go ahead and uh I want to create a [music] uh Facebook image ad, for for right? So, what I can do here is I can say, "Hey, I want to promote this offer." [music] Uh and the offer is going to be, let's say for example, Citrus Burn, which is a weight loss offer on ClickBank, right? Um and I want to do um you know, kind of a smartphone photo type of thing. I can do realistic. I can do minimal, warm and cozy. I can do all these different types of styles, [music] right? I can uh choose an image and I can generate that image and in just a couple seconds, guys, it will actually populate an entire image for me to go ahead and utilize [music] for my ads. Now, if I want to do multiple variations of it, I can do that inside of HeroPlus as well. Uh so, let's see what it spits out. All right, there you go. Boom. So, we have this kind of odd-looking fruit here where they're holding it in their hand. Um there's a lot of curiosity there. And it's really cool, right? Because it's uh looks like an avocado and it's uh kind of a purple in nature and purple in color, so there's some curiosity there, right? Which is what we want to do. So, and that was just one image. It took a couple seconds to do and you're good to go. Now, I can generate multiple images if I want to do that, no issues [music] whatsoever. Now, let's say for example, you know, I don't want to test one image at a time. I want to test out multiple images at a time. Well, again, I can choose my offer and I can generate my ads off of it using my mass testing tool inside of HeroPlus. So, literally, I can generate up to 10 images, 10 ad copies, 10 headlines in just a minute or two, right? Uh which is awesome because as you know, or maybe you don't know, when you run ads on Facebook, it's all about testing out multiple creatives and angles. And so, being able to do this uh is going to be a game-changer. So, you can see it starts to populate these different images uh into the AI, which is great. Now, obviously, some of them may not be great that you're not going to want not going to use, but some of them are going to be good, right? Uh and so, that's why we test them out and you can generate more and more as you go along here here, which is amazing. The reason why it's amazing is because, guys, 7 years ago, if I wanted to do something like this with with seven different images or 10 different images 7 years ago, I'd have to do it myself. I'd have to go to the grocery store, get all my stuff uh from the grocery store, go to my kitchen, get my phone out, right? Take pictures of everything, set it all up, do it again, right? I'd have to peel the orange myself, I'd have to, you know, pour the liquid myself. I'd do all that stuff, right? Uh which is not hard, but just takes time. And going to the grocery store, coming back, doing all this stuff, guys, it would take me hours, right? I would I would usually do on a Sunday. I would set up my shoot. I'd be good to go, right? However, with AI now, I don't need to do any of that stuff. All right, AI, I don't need to do anything. I just need to push one button, which takes 2 seconds, be a little bit patient, all these images pop up, and then you're good to go. And that's it, right? Now, as far as headlines, same thing. I I copy I can do the same thing. It's all done for me, guys, right? So, seven out of 10 copy has been written already, right? And generating more copy as we go along. Same thing with headlines. All done. Boom. All the headlines you need to do to test, which is pretty amazing. So, guys, definitely as you're watching this video, let me know in the comments if this is pretty cool, right? And so, and the copy that it's writing, the images, everything [music] is geared towards that specific offer you're promoting, which is a game changer. Now, let's say for example example you're somebody that and you're like, "Man, I don't know like how to come up with ideas or angles. Like, I just don't know how to do it." Well, you don't have to because now with Hero Plus, you can choose the angles, and it'll generate it for you, right? So, you choose which niche you're in, and it'll do the angles for you, right? So, let's say for example I want to do weight loss, I do generate angles, and [snorts] what it's going to do here is going to think for a second or two, and then it will spit out some information, which we can then go ahead and use, right? For our copy. Now, I love this one. This is one of my favorite features inside of Hero Plus. So, go ahead and take a look at it right All right, look at this, guys. So, it populated all the angles for me to go ahead and use. So, for example, if I'm promoting a weight loss offer, look at this. The school play spotlight. Mom freezes when her costume won't zip, and her son's face falls in shock, right? The high school reunion mirror. She avoids her 25-year reunion because an old dress still hangs in her closet, right? The staircase panic. Gran- Grandma runs to catch her grandchild and can't catch her breath, right? So, these are all angles that, man, if I could come up with them and figure out some good angles, but it would take me time. This took what, a minute? And it's all done and ready to go, okay? So, there's a lot of stuff here, guys, inside of this amazing Hero Plus system and software, right? Uh offers, let's go ahead and take a look at the offers, guys. So, if I want to go ahead and I'm not sure which offer to promote, well, again, uh in the past, 7 years ago, guys, what you have to do is you have to go on to places like ClickBank, look in their marketplace, see what they have, and then be like, "Okay, I think it's going to work. I'm not sure if it's going to work, right?" There'd be no data backing that decision, right? You'd just be hoping [music] and and and praying that it works, right? Whereas now, with Hero Plus, it does all the work for you. So, I can say, "Hey, listen, I want to promote a list offer on ClickBank." I can go ahead and get suggestions, and the AI will literally tell you the best offers to promote, right? There you go, boom. [music] Here are all the best offers to promote right now, right? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, right? All listed out here, all ready to for you to go, and all set up for success. So, literally everything you need here, guys, is dialed in inside of Hero Plus, right? Uh and that's just one of the amazing features, right? So, there's so many other ones here as well. Now, the other one I want to share with you guys right now, uh as we start to wrap up here, uh because again, I don't want to share too much stuff here, uh is our UGC content, right? So, what I can do, right? This I love this, because in the past, 7 years ago, guys, I had [clears throat] to do my own ads, right? Uh and if I want to hire somebody to do ads, you know, and [clears throat] kind of be a UGC content, you know, user-generated content, I'd have to go on to Fiverr and Upwork to find them. Then I'd have to tell them, "Hey, this is the script that I want you to read off of." And then I would have to say, "Hey, I want, you know, 5 to 10 variations of it." And typically, it would be anywhere from, you know, $50 to $100 per video, right? And then I guess what? I have to wait a couple weeks to get those videos. And then guess what? I'd also would have to, when I get them back, review those videos, and usually what happen is out of the five to 10 videos that I would receive, uh two of them were good, right? Or in some cases, uh which was terrible, none of them were good, right? So, guess what? Do I get my money back? No, right? I just lost, you know, a couple hundred dollars, and I got no videos that I wanted to use, right? So, this is why with AI, we're leaning heavily into it, right? Because now I don't have to do that. Now I can choose from literally hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of avatars of real people or they look real at least that I can utilize, right? So, in different scenarios. So, people that are, you know, in their bedroom, people that are on a boat right now or on a beach, people that are in the doctor's office, right? So, there's all these different scenarios based on the avatar you're promoting. So, let's say for example, I'm promoting a DIY offer for a, you know, like build your own solar, right? Well, I'm probably going to do an older person, right? An older avatar or someone like this the gentleman here because it will resonate better, right? Let's say for example, I'm doing more of a stay-at-home mom, right? I probably would use something like this, right? Someone who's stirring their coffee, right? At home, right? So, I can do all those things or even here, like this one here with this woman who's in a nursery, it looks like, right? So, there's a lot of different things I can do, okay? And so, that's why I love this. So, I can literally choose any of these avatars, right? And I can create a video off of it, right? So, for example, let's just go ahead and try one just for the heck of it, right? So, I'm just going to go ahead and choose Yeah, we'll just go ahead and use the one here from the nursery. Let's go ahead and do that, right? So, we'll select her. We'll go ahead and hit next select voice. I will do my select the one here. Let's go ahead and just [music] do for example, Susan. I'll go ahead and enter my script for example. Um Boom. All right, cool. Now I'll go to video settings. I choose the video setting I want to do. I go ahead and hit review and create and I go ahead and create the avatar, guys. And then just a couple seconds, it will literally create the entire video, voiceover, everything there done, ready to go. So, we'll give it a second here and see what it comes up with. All right, there you go. Boom, here's the video. Let's go ahead and uh check it out. So, here it is. >> After giving birth to my daughter 9 months ago, I found myself struggling to lose the weight. Then my friend told about about this new 7-second ritual and that's changed everything and boosted my metabolism. >> Boom. Look at that guys. Pretty cool, right? So obviously there's some stuff in the text that I had to change up a bit, but cuz I repeated a couple of the words twice, which I think it's just a spacing that I used when I typed it in. But you get the point, right? So it's basically in a couple seconds guys, I have a avatar, I have an actual person, right? I have the script ready to go, and I have a video in my hands, right? I didn't have to wait weeks, right? I didn't have to go back for, you know, revisions. If I need to revise it, I can do it myself. And that's the game changer that is Hero Plus, okay? Now, there's so many other features in guys that I want to share with you later on. Maybe we'll show you another video once we release Hero Plus, but for now guys, I just want to give you a little taste of what is in store for you when it comes to this amazing system and software, right? So guys, here's what I want you to do. If you have not yet registered for the Hero Plus workshop which is coming up, it's a free workshop where I'm going to show you guys inside the amazing Hero Plus system and software. I'm going to show you real examples of real people having success. I'll also show you some pretty cool bonuses you'll get if you decide to be part of Hero Plus and some other stuff as well. And the other reason to show up for the workshop is actually I'm going to be giving away some cash prizes worth a thousand dollars on the workshop. So what are you waiting for guys? Down below this video is a link in the description box to register for that workshop. And anyways, that's just for me guys. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Let me know in the comments if you are excited and if you are fired up. And if there's any features you'd love to see inside of Hero Plus that you think would be helpful, let me know that too cuz we love your feedback too. So anyways guys, hopefully enjoy this video and I'll see you guys on the workshop for Hero Plus. All right, thank you so much for watching this video. Hope you enjoyed that video and hopefully you're as excited as I am about the brand new Hero Plus system and software. Now, speaking of that, if you are interested in getting started with Hero Plus, you can't, right? Because it's not available yet. But what you can do is down below this video, you can go ahead and opt in for our upcoming free workshop where we'll be doing an even deeper demo into the entire system and software including some bonuses you get when you join the amazing Hero Plus software. So make sure down below this video, go right now and register and save your spot because also on that workshop I'll be giving away over a thousand dollars in cash prizes to a couple lucky winners. So, what are you waiting for guys? Download this video. Make sure you do that right now. And also, while you're doing that, do three things for me right now. Give me a thumbs up, show me you love this content. Also, make sure you comment below. Let me know how much you love this video and Hero Plus. And finally guys, hit the subscribe button cuz every single week I pop out new content to help you make more money online. So, that's it for me. I'll talk to you soon. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robbyblanchard: 🔥 Get Our FREE New “AI Affiliate Protocol" 👉 https://www.cheroplus.com
  2. @younessfreiheit: I need. Clickfunnel and auto resp???
  3. @TarunJainSB: Really good
  4. @ketodietmeal: great robby brother more videos like this
  5. @milinddandekar964: Please make a similar tool for Google ads
  6. @chaimaboss3869: bro u not answer to my questions , always , i dont know why