- Master Fishmonger Standard Guide to Gutting and Gilling Mackerel: Kind: captions Language: en okay so this session I'm going to show you how to gill and gutter macro so I'm going to do first of all we just turn the fish so it's upside down open up the gill covers suck and as you see the gill insides well they lay my knife underneath I'm gonna follow the contours of the gill right the way around to the top part there and then just cut through I'm going to do is pinch and pull the gills and remove them okay so what you need to do especially if you're going to serve this is the whole fish is when this macro is alive or dead the gills gonna be full of blood so we need to make sure that we've removed these gills otherwise during the cooking process this particular fish will taste very very bitter so I'm just going to discard these so what we're going to do now is just turn the fish over working from the back of the fish and I'll put my knife just in this part which is the anal vent and what I'm going to do is not going to put the knife in two-fives are going to go right the way through not too deep in between these two fins draw my thumb down because my nan knife hand does as much work as my knife hands and they go through the through these particular fins and then come forward open it up what I'm going to do is going to tease the guts out with my tip of my knife just get that right out today actually take all those parts out okay a lot of people would think that that's done however upon looking inside the fish you can actually see that the blood line is still present so what we need to do is make a cut and just tease out that blood line okay so moving out and then what we're going to use is a blood line removal brush so what I'm going to do it's going to get in there just stroke out that blood line okay the last thing I'm going to do is use a dry cloth it just removed the black belly membrane with a dry cloth the case of taking all that part out there on that side and they do exactly the same thing on this side so just taking a look black belly membrane off give a little bit of a wipeout and then what I'm going to do now is wash it off and that's how you Gill and gutter mackerel

  Top Comments:
  1. @JL-gf3yc [1 likes]: I can just smell it🤮
  2. @Amy-rl3ny [1 likes]: Just bought two in Monterey, CA yesterday. Gonna prep and cook today, so thanks.
  3. @PLANB13-n7z [1 likes]: VERY TASTY!:yougotthis:
  4. @Doofitz: Why would you waste the cloth if you are going to wash the fish right after you wipe it?
  5. @may-haven: Ewwwwww. Grosss :/
  6. @dawuid1491: You can pull all the guts out along with the gills if you do it carefully.
  7. @JiveCinema: Bro, I came here for a refresher and had no idea I had to take the bloodline and the rest of the black belly out 😮 thank you for teaching me fishmonger!!!
  8. @JuniorNkodia-w3h: Use water to clean it next time 😂😂😂😂
  9. @dbl2905: mackerel ❤❤❤
  10. @mrme9580: You can remove head and guts all in one go, it's a much more efficient way to do it
  11. @blindhowlingdrunk: Ah Black Belly Membrane! I saw them at Glastonbury in 78
  12. @volt8684: Head and tail off. Slice 2 flanks off fry in butter sod the waste
  13. @snickerdoodle1: “The eye doesn’t see what the mind doesn’t know.”
- An FRCS in Opthalmology
  14. @cloverofhearts: Wish he used water rather than a brush or a paper towel.
  15. @bloodthirstydan6073: How is best to discard the fish bits if u want to bleed the fish rather than pop it on ice straight away so get better quality meat in the fish when on the sea fishing?
  16. @jf1341: is this guy allergic to water? he should look up japanese videos for hygiene
  17. @davidupstill8673: nice work Maestro
  18. @nnamdi1172: That brush seemed unnecessary
  19. @mewingeffectsoncognition3856: I don't know if it's my fish or my fault but the guts spilled like butter and it doesn't look so clean on the inside when before you removed the blood line.
  20. @gamaste-d2f: :25 lol that was like nails on a chalkboard watching that cut

- This is how the pros in Japan defrost their tuna!!: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, I'm Masa. When I defrost tuna, so much water comes out and it tastes kind of bland. Ever felt like this? Today, I'm going to show you a prolevel way to defrost tuna properly. This method comes from Kitani Suisan, a professional seafood wholesaler at Toyosu and Market in Japan. I'll be following the technique today. I'm going to compare two methods the professional way and just leaving the tuna out at room temperature. First, I need to make warm salt water at about 40° C. In Japan, most homes have water heaters that let you adjust the exact temperature, so it's easy to get 40° C water. Since the temperature drops a bit over time, I actually start with 42° C. Next, I add salt to make the water about 4% salt concentration. That's because tuna itself has around 4% salinity. So, matching it helps keep the balance. Now, give the tuna a quick rinse with water. This is just to brush off the ice around the tuna. Then put it in the warm salt water for about 3 minutes. By keeping the salt concentration the same as the tuna, I prevent water from being absorbed into the tuna and stop the umami flavors from leaking out. Here is the science behind it. If tuna stays in the temperature range of -5° C to -1° C for too long, its cells break down and the flavors escapes. Using warm water helps the tuna pass through that range quickly, keeping it delicious. Take the tuna out. And since there's still a bit salt on the surface, just give it a quick rinse. Then gently pat it dry with some paper towels. At this stage, the inside is still slightly frozen, so I will let it rest in the fridge for about 4 hours. Some people also use ice water at this point instead. Try to keep as much air out as possible. That's the key. Let's compare this with the tuna that was defrosted at room temperature. The properly defrosted tuna looks bright and appetizing. While the room temperature defrosted tuna has turned dark, you can also see the liquid cold drip. It contains the tuna's natural umami, nutrients, and blood. You can really tell when I pick it up. Properly defrosted tuna feels firm and there's no excess moisture. But the one defrosted at room temperature, it's super watery. And when you taste it, there's barely any tuna flavor left. All right, let's make some sushi. It's beautiful, isn't it? By the way, if you want to speed things up, instead of letting it rest in the fridge after the warm salt water step, you can place it in ice water. It will defrost faster that way. Since it's been frozen once, there's no need to worry about parasites like anisakis. But just a heads up, refreezing isn't a good idea. So be careful with that. Try out this method for yourself and see the difference. Thank you for watching until the end. If you enjoyed this video, don't forget to hit the like button and subscribe for more sushi tips. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sushi_Masa_Home_JP [415 likes]: I mention that the salinity level of tuna itself is 4%, but that was based on my own interpretation and I now believe it was incorrect to state it so definitively. 
And I’d also like to correct that the drip is not blood, but myoglobin.
If this caused any confusion, I sincerely apologize!
Please check the video description.
  2. @andreaa6179: Can you do the same for salmon??
  3. @jstraw76: It’s Myoglobin not blood !  Big difference !
  4. @nah3186: Great video, clear and precise. Thank you ❤
  5. @spikeafrica4652: Will this work with salmon?
  6. @andredickson7665: Amazing instructions ❤❤❤
  7. @ryanorourke4401: I didn’t bother watching the video, because the thumbnail is not real.
  8. @scrumptulescentia: Wonderful technique!  Thank-you for sharing this
  9. @rocketmail125: Looks like mush.  Garbage Tuna.
  10. @NumberOneChina: @0:48 Brag much?
  11. @lukebogacik2793: Awesome !
  12. @PWCDN: i expected microwave on low for 30 seconds.
  13. @bsayné: Is there a way to do this with meat aswell?
  14. @tiny099: Dude, a little critical thinking. The reason the regular defrost had drip was because it wasn't wrapped in paper towels like the other one. It's also the reason it was "watery".
  15. @heidicao9629: Hello, how about the tuna already cut in small cubes? Thanks
  16. @leSimPod: 4% is way too high for frozen raw tuna, even treated/processed frozen tuna.🤔
  17. @TBO6281: excellent video! thank you for posting
  18. @NoahToshiko: 素敵な動画をありがとうございます！参考になりました
  19. @Nixisergal: Thank you so much you are a hero!
  20. @user-se2xg7tq5u: Can i use this for salmon?

- How To Freeze Fish at Home | A Fishmonger's Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody it's Hans from H&H fresh fish today I'm going to show you guys a couple things on freezing so we've already rinsed the fish got it nice and clean that's really important getting the bacteria off the fish because fish will actually continue to decompose even when it's frozen you really want your fish to be as dry as possible when you have moisture on that fish it creates ice crystals and that's pretty much your enemy got some beautiful Chili Pepper rock fish in this case and straight into the bags I like to use the oy vacuum seal technique so use a common Ziploc bag get it as flat as possible you start it till you get the snap feel it start and go all the way and you leave your one one little hole right there then I usually give it a flip over and then you're able to push out all of the air give it a nice massage and then you have that little hole right there and you finish it with that finger whoop and now you have it almost like it's vacuum sealed and now this is ready to go into the freezer I like to leave things really really flat when they when I freeze them um the main reason quicker to defrost another thing I like to do especially if I'm going to go a little longterm freezing is actually giving it some wrapping um when you wrap fish like this it insulates it and keeps the freezer burn off of it and that's the main thing it's pretty simple I have butcher paper here you can use newspaper getting it nice and tight around the fish I like to put the type of fish in the date it was caught out there that way if you got a couple different things you're all set when you're ready to defrost the fish after it's been in the freezer this obviously hasn't been frozen but I froze mine nice and flat like this it's going to come out like this pretty much the technique for defrosting fish is the slower you defrost it the better so if you can get it out a day or two in advance it's in your head take it out and let it defrost in your refrigerator if you're in a hurry say you and it's nice and nice and flat and you can put it out at room temperature and just keep checking it to make sure it doesn't get too warm frozen fish is is good fish a lot of people think that when you freeze a fish it destroys it somehow it really is not the case a fresh frozen piece of fish is better than an old stinky piece of fish that's not frozen so freezing isn't your enemy [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SimmoC [6 likes]: Great video, well presented and clear instructions. Caught a handful of beautiful cod and bass off the coast of Dorset with my old man yesterday, way much to eat in a sitting. Nothing will go to waste. Appreciate the helpful tips you’ve given I’ll be sure to implement them
  2. @Macro_Abuser [5 likes]: The last video recommended putting water in the ziplock bag 😩
  3. @SydneyEpoxysolution [4 likes]: Super helpful 
Thank you a lot my friend
  4. @majid5500 [4 likes]: do i need to clean the fillet with saltwater or fresh water before freezing?
  5. @Bumbblebeegiggles [3 likes]: I have a question. I bought salmon  and cod fish for my maltese puppy ( I dont eat any kind of meat, i am a vegetarian ). I cut it and threw it in the fridge in an airtight plastic bag. Shall I freeze the fish? This is my first time so I am not sure, dont want to give any disease to Simba.
  6. @obedirect5491 [2 likes]: Wonderful tutorial…thank u!
  7. @christianespinal8246 [2 likes]: Bro thank you, bout to buy like 10 fish and get them fileted
  8. @wjcampbell165 [1 likes]: I freeze fish submerged in water
  9. @rahulkoli2400 [1 likes]: But few people were freezing with water so what will be the best method to store fish?
  10. @sanjaynani566 [1 likes]: For How many months the fish will be fresh and healthy if i follow the same method? I am from india.
  11. @Phoca_Vitulina: If you freeze fish like this, is it safe to then take it out and eat it raw? Or will only flash freezing kill all parasites?
  12. @patseyjohnson470: Thank you for the information
  13. @Rosalia-y7s: Can I freeze Bronzino that I bought from Costco …??? Thank you
  14. @GoosePants-88: Hi - how long would you say the fish should be frozen for when using the paper? If I buy some fresh salmon, slice it up and eat it in the next couple weeks, should I need paper?

Thanks.
  15. @Yeahyeah-catch-the-fish: Keeping food quality up can be challenging if you are not taking the right steps to preserve the freshness.
  16. @Evandaman1: if i want to open a small sushi food truck in California, what would you recommend I do to meet a fishmonger for sushi grade fish? Every option I find online is quite expensive
  17. @HasFKhan: How long can salmon last in the freezer if I catch it and freeze it according to this method?
  18. @patmiddleton3947: Thank you,good info,and short.👍

- 【Easy】How to Make Restaurant-Quality Sushi & Sashimi at Home!!: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm gonna turn this supermarket-bought fish&nbsp;&nbsp; into something that tastes like it&nbsp; came from a professional restaurant.&nbsp; If you're planning to enjoy sashimi or&nbsp; sushi at home, make sure to try this out! So, let's get started. Here’s what I have prepared today. And later&nbsp; on, I will also use some saltwater ice. Now, let’s sprinkle some salt on this salmon. Why do i do this? First, let me tell you why. Most of the fish sold at supermarkets&nbsp; are usually frozen and then thawed.&nbsp; As a result, the fish retains a lot of moisture,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you eat it like this,&nbsp; it can taste bland and watery. By sprinkling the salt, the excess&nbsp; moisture is drawn out through osmosis.&nbsp; This tightens the flesh and&nbsp; concentrates the flavor,&nbsp;&nbsp; while also removing some of the fishy smell. This process is called 'Shio-jime' in&nbsp; Japan, which means tightening with salt. Let's actually do it. The amount of salt I’ll use this&nbsp; time is 1.5% of the fish’s weight.&nbsp; This is what the head chef&nbsp; of 'Sushi Hiroya' said that. It's important to sprinkle the salt as evenly as&nbsp;&nbsp; possible. Professional chefs&nbsp; don’t even measure the salt;&nbsp; they just know the right amount&nbsp; by eye. That’s craftsmanship! After sprinkling the salt, let the fish&nbsp; sit for about 20-30 minutes to dehydrate.&nbsp; If it’s winter, you can leave it&nbsp; at room temperature, but in summer,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s better to keep it in the fridge. Look at that! You can see the excess&nbsp; moisture that’s been drawn out.&nbsp; And you can also see the moisture being&nbsp; drawn out from the surface of the salmon Next, I will wash this&nbsp; salmon with 1% saltwater ice.&nbsp; Did you think washing it with saltwater&nbsp; would make it salty? Don’t worry! What’s important here is to never use&nbsp; fresh water. If you use fresh water,&nbsp; it will rapidly strip away both the&nbsp; salt and the flavor from the fish,&nbsp;&nbsp; so be careful! Once it's been rinsed, dry it off with some paper towel. Now Look at this! there’s no more excess&nbsp; moisture and the flesh is firm It’s clear just by looking at it&nbsp; compared to before I salted it! Now, if you leave it in the fridge for&nbsp; another 30 minutes, it will taste even better.&nbsp; Even if you don’t finish it all&nbsp; today, it’ll keep for 2-3 days. Alright, let’s make some&nbsp; sashimi or sushi and try it! And Let's eat!! Itadakimasu!! First, Sashimi It’s not salty at all, there’s almost&nbsp;&nbsp; no fishy smell, and it tastes amazing!! It's as delicious as the salmon I get&nbsp;&nbsp; at a restaurant. Sushi is also good! It’s really simple, so&nbsp; definitely give it a try at home!

  Top Comments:
  1. @minimxx [1 likes]: I made some sashimi a couple of months ago after seeing this video and it came out really good. This evening I will make some for my girlfriend, and I always come back to this video to remember how it's done, thanks a lot Masa! ❤
  2. @prokopdvere392: how do you know if the store bought salmon is safe to eat?
  3. @julie_273: Is this good to do with tuna as well?
  4. @ぺったら: Salmon is not consered to be an authentic as sushi fish. Premium restautant in Japan do not serve salmon.
  5. @cantstopgaming0: Arent there parasites in salmon?
  6. @Unplugged704: Thank you for the video! ❤❤
  7. @yasharminassjan7048: Does this work also with fresh salmon from markets which are not frozen?
  8. @LinusIu: I’m not sure is my salmon farm raised. Even if it isn’t farm raised, is it still edible?
  9. @CatDad4L: This is great, I have been missing the step of rinsing it with salt water vs just regular water and putting it back in the fridge. May take me a little longer before I can enjoy it but def worth it.
  10. @AlohaChama: Excelllent video!! I will try this this weekend! :) Great explanations, to the point and good reasoning :) Have a lovely day!
  11. @nij_renz: can you use this method to a Tuna??
  12. @IpadJourney10: I love Japan :D
  13. @khanghoang3785: Thanks you sm sirrrrr 🙏Is this method effective for other types of fish besides salmon?
  14. @ayviondenar3461: Is the fish used for sushi meant to have a salty taste? I thought it was supposed to taste more neutral, umami, and with a hint of the sea.
  15. @sleepy4205: How do you make sure it’s safe and parasite free?
  16. @seilori3220: dose the salt kills parasites inside the salmon by any chance >?
  17. @alexmangan4101: 1:17
  18. @Logan71098: Do you ever wash the fish with ice water and rice vinegar after salting it?
  19. @oscarhurtado-link9166: 2:31 what do you mean by not using fresh water? Like just putting salt in it or does something else need to happen (English is not my first language)
  20. @Hermania3000: I've got to say - this video is absolutely brilliant! Thanks a lot! 

I just have a couple of questions:
1. Before storing the salmon, you do not only wrap paper around it, you also use a clinge film/plastic. Is that coincidence, or should it be kept air tight? Is the climge film (or an airtight container) recommended?

2. You say 1% salt in the ice water, but is that 1% weight or 1% volume? I know the difference is tbot huge, though - but for 500ml, should I use 5 teaspoon (that would be 1% in volume), or should I use a bit less (1% in weight)?

Thank you so much in advance, keep up the excellent work! 😇

- Top 7 Health Benefits of  Mackerel : Discover Nutrition Power of Mackerel: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] besides salmon there's another fish Making Waves in the world of nutrition and that is mackerel not only is mackerel deliciously flavorful but it also boasts a robust nutritional profile that can help combat a variety of Health ailments from promoting heart health to enhancing cognitive function and bolstering your immune system mackerel truly is a superstar let us look at the top 7 health benefits of eating mackerel at number one reduces the risk of heart diseases mackerel is rich in omega-3 fatty acids particularly icosapentinoic acid EPA and ducosa hexanoic acid DHA research has demonstrated that these fatty acids can lower triglyceride levels slow the growth rate of aterosclerotic plaques lower blood pressure slightly and reduce the risk of arrhythmias all of which can lead to heart disease Additionally the high level of monounsaturated and polyunsaturated fats in mackerel can help decrease bad cholesterol levels and increase good cholesterol levels further contributing to cardiovascular health at number two reduces the risk of cognitive disorders the omega-3 fatty acids in mackerel play an essential role in brain health DHA is a primary structural component of the brain and retina an adequate intake is crucial for normal brain development in infants and cognitive function throughout life some studies suggest that consuming more foods with omega-3 fatty acids like mackerel can reduce the risk of cognitive disorders like Alzheimer's disease and dementia as well as decrease the rate of cognitive decline in the elderly at number three reduces the risk of inflammatory diseases mackerel being rich in omega-3 fatty acids has anti-inflammatory properties chronic inflammation is believed to be among the leading drivers of many serious diseases this includes heart disease cancer metabolic syndrome Alzheimer's and various degenerative conditions thus mackerel may help in managing inflammatory diseases such as arthritis and even some autoimmune disorders like lupus and rheumatoid arthritis at number four improves Eye Health omega-3 fatty acids found in mackerel have been linked to Eye Health studies suggest that diets rich in these nutrients may help prevent age-related macular degeneration which can lead to vision loss and blindness in the elderly at number five reduces the risk of cancer some Studies have shown that omega-3 fatty acids such as those found in mackerel can inhibit the growth of various types of cancer cells including breast prostate and colon cancer cells the mechanism of this protective effect is still being explored but may include reducing inflammation inhibiting cell growth and inducing cell death in cancer cells at number six reduces the risk of metabolic syndrome metabolic syndrome includes conditions such as obesity insulin resistance hypertension and abnormal cholesterol or triglyceride levels regular consumption of mackerel can help manage these conditions due to its high protein content beneficial omega-3 fatty acids and other nutrients like vitamin D and selenium and finally at number seven improves bone health mackerel is a good source of vitamin D which helps regulate the absorption of calcium and phosphorus essential minerals for bone health a diet rich in Vitamin D from foods like mackerel can help maintain bone density and prevent diseases like osteoporosis so make a point to add mackerel into your diet where possible and your body will thank you let's continue to embrace the power of good nutrition and remember a healthy and happy life starts from within one meal at a time for related articles and updates look at the description below we hope you found this video useful please like And subscribe to keep connected thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @olibarahosasa1137 [21 likes]: I seriously eat it every day for breakfast. A can of mackerel and tomato sauce. Power food 🎉🎉🎉
  2. @calvinynwa6687 [16 likes]: Mackreal on toast yum yum
  3. @THExUNFLUSHABLE [4 likes]: 153 mackerel's dislike this video
  4. @normanthomas9065 [4 likes]: Is mackerel good to eat everyday?
  5. @lnaf [2 likes]: Snacks of Samoa
  6. @valeria-militiamessalina5672 [1 likes]: Mackerel disagrees❤
  7. @allgoodtoday829 [1 likes]: Mackerel with A1 steak sauce and ketchup, yum!
  8. @GlobalBusinessAdvisor0 [1 likes]: Very good
  9. @yadhupuc3427 [1 likes]: THANKS MADAM

- 5 BENEFITS OF MACKEREL FOR HEALTH: Kind: captions Language: en five benefits of mackerel for health various benefits of mackerel can be obtained thanks to the nutritional content in it not only can maintain a healthy body this type of seawater fish is also claimed to reduce the risk of developing serious diseases such as diabetes and breast cancer mackerel is one type of fish that is quite widely consumed by the people of indonesia because it is easy to find the price is affordable and can be processed into various types of dishes to snacks in addition mackerel also contains a variety of important nutrients for the body such as vitamin a vitamin b12 calcium phosphorus potassium selenium and omega-3 various benefits of mackerel there are several benefits of mackerel that you can get by consuming it regularly namely one increase body immunity mackerel contains essential amino acids and one of them is lysine this type of amino acid can increase energy and body immunity in addition to lysine in mackerel fish also contains vitamin a which is quite high this vitamin is known to be useful for increasing the body's immunity 2. maintain heart health mackerel is high in vitamin b12 this vitamin is known to bring various benefits one of which is reducing homocysteine levels in the blood which is a type of amino acid that plays an important role in the formation of protein in the body however if the levels are excessive in the body the amino acid homocysteine can harm heart health and can trigger strokes three prevent anemia the next benefit of mackerel is to prevent anemia these benefits come from the content of iron vitamin b12 and folate in it these three nutrients play an important role in the process of forming healthy red blood cells four reducing the risk of developing diabetes although it needs to be investigated further research shows that consumption of foods containing unsaturated fats such as mackerel can prevent diabetes this benefit is associated with the omega-3 content in it which can control weight and control blood sugar levels however these benefits can be obtained if you also balance them with a healthy lifestyle such as eating nutritious foods and exercising regularly 5. reducing the risk of breast cancer in addition to diabetes consumption of mackerel fish is also believed to reduce the risk of breast cancer these benefits can be obtained thanks to the omega-3 content in it however this still needs to be investigated further the benefits of mackerel are very diverse however you are advised to consume it wisely the reason is some types of mackerel contain high mercury and can be harmful to health if consumed in excess mackerel should only be consumed as much as two servings per week and each serving is only about 80 to 90 grams you should also cook it thoroughly before eating it to prevent possible exposure to bacteria that's the benefits of mackerel that you need to know if you have certain medical conditions and want to eat mackerel on a regular basis you should consult your doctor first to find out how many servings of mackerel you can consume

  Top Comments:
  1. @MattramF [4 likes]: Which types of mackerel are high in mercury?? Atlantic mackerel has low mercury levels of 0.05 PPM and safe to eat regularly while being very healthy
  2. @iavingeorge9575 [2 likes]: bought some yesterday
  3. @jdprice3043 [1 likes]: THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP
  4. @E.J813 [1 likes]: 🇹🇷thank you
  5. @mithranjaii8160: During pregnancy can i eat mackaral fish , plz tell me
  6. @normanmacatangay2363: Need ,more info//about mackerel =Ty
  7. @normanmacatangay2363: Ty
  8. @bobbyadkins6983: And vitamin D.
  9. @raheem_allen-777: Note that All these calamite that are going on around the world is going to lead to a Sunday law which will be the MARK of The BEAST, Those that keep God's seventh day sabbath will be persecuted and prohibited from buying and selling, Jesus is coming soon.

- Why Japan's 600-Year-Old Breakfast Still Works Better Than Ours: Kind: captions Language: en This isn't your usual toast and coffee breakfast. No, this is a format that's been refined over centuries here in Japan. It's called ichiju sansai, one soup, three sides, a balanced framework that's fueled generations with steady energy and calm focus. It looks simple, but once you see how intentionally it's designed, you'll never look at breakfast the same way again. Today, I'll show you how to make it, why it works, and how you can adapt it to your own mornings. I'm Dan Martin, chef, nutritionist, and half Japanese. Since moving back here, I've built a business, a family, and honestly feel sharper and more balanced than ever before. And I think a big part of that comes from starting most days with this exact blueprint. Hajimemashou. Before we cook, here's why this meal works so well. Your brain is an energy hog. About 1/5 of everything you eat fuels it. Think of it like this. One in every five bites goes straight to your brain. Now, when breakfast is just something refined like white bread, sugary cereal, pastries, your blood sugar spikes quickly and falls quickly, too. Your brain feels those swings and concentration drifts. This Japanese style fixes that. Carbs paired with protein, fiber, healthy fats, and fermentation. The rise is steadier and the energy and mental clarity last longer. Protein also supplies amino acids, the raw materials for neurotransmitters. Then you add fatty fish and you also get omega-3s, DHA for brain signaling and EPA for reducing inflammation. And because it's built on variety, grains, vegetables, pickles, fish, it naturally covers more nutrients than a breakfast based on one or two foods. It's less about one superfood and more about the balance between them. That's the power of design in food. Quick note, before we begin, this isn't a step-by-step recipe video. I want you to focus on what each component does and how they work together. The full steps are in the description and if you want a full step-by-step video, tell me in the comments. All right, let's build it starting with the rice since it takes the longest. I'm using Zakkokumai, a Japanese mixed grain rice. A mix of grains and colors, each adding its own fiber, minerals, and phytonutrients. More plant diversity means broader nutrient coverage and a steadier start. You'll often see meals like this served with plain rice, but this version's got more bang for your buck. Next, the protein. Today, I'm grilling mackerel, simple, affordable, and one of the richest natural sources of omega-3s. Rich, oily, and full of flavor. In some countries, it's labeled as a trash fish, but it's one of the most underrated sustainable fish out there. I salt it lightly and grill skin-side down for a few minutes. Then flip to crisp up the skin. Serve with grated daikon, but it's not just garnish. Raw daikon contains enzymes that help with digestion. For the miso soup, I start with a cold brew dashi made from kombu and dried shiitake. Gentle, balanced, and full of umami. Cold brewing keeps the flavor clean and the iodine levels lower, which helps if, like me, you drink this almost every day. Then I bring it up to a gentle simmer, add the mushrooms, they're beautiful this time of year, and let them cook just long enough to release that deep, earthy aroma. Now, off the heat, I whisk in miso so I don't destroy the probiotics and add silken tofu. Now, for the veggie side, I'm using mizuna and a little myoga, Japanese ginger. With a quick sesame dressing that's made from toasted sesame seeds, soy, a touch of syrup, and lemon. Mizuna's part of the brassica family, the same group as kale and mustard greens, rich in compounds that support circulation and brain health. It's nutty, peppery, and aromatic, perfect for this meal. And to finish, a few slices of cucumber nukazuke, pickled and fermented rice bran. Fermentation was one of Japan's main ways to preserve food before refrigeration, and nukazuke used the rice bran left from polishing grains. Crisp, tangy, and full of beneficial bacteria. Quick note, if you're enjoying this, I send a short weekly email with recipes and nutrition insights I don't always share on YouTube. The link's below if you'd like to join. Okay, back to it. Here's the framework this breakfast is built on. Balanced design for calm, lasting focus. First, a steady source of carbohydrates. Here, it's rice. Carbs supply glucose, your brain's preferred fuel. When they're paired with fiber and protein, the energy releases gradually. Next, fermented or fibrous foods, miso, pickles, natto, they nourish your gut microbes, which in turn aid digestion, immunity, and even brain function through the gut-brain axis. Then, quality protein. In this plate, the fish. Protein provides the building blocks for your muscles, enzymes, and hormones, and it helps you stay satisfied and mentally sharp through the morning. But it doesn't have to be fish. Eggs, tofu, tempeh, they're all quality protein sources, too. And your fats might come from olive oil, avocado, nuts, or seeds. Then come the healthy fats, in this case from the fish and the sesame seeds in the dressing. They support nutrient absorption and help maintain even energy levels. And finally, add colorful plants, vegetables, seaweeds, herbs, each bringing its own antioxidants and minerals that support circulation and overall vitality. That's the idea, balanced carbs, quality protein, good fats, color, and fermentation, harmony you can recreate anywhere. You see, once you understand the design, you can adapt it to any kitchen and really to any meal of the day. This format isn't just a breakfast design, it's a framework used across Japanese meals, each one balanced with the same sense of harmony. Now, a Western version might look like this. Whole grain toast for the carb, eggs for the protein, a drizzle of olive oil for the healthy fats, greens for color and micronutrients, and a spoonful of kimchi for the fermented food. Same principles, different form. Now, not everyone has time for a full spread, but the blueprint works anywhere. Since moving back to Japan, I've made this my default. Most mornings I don't cook the full spread, just rice, miso, a protein, maybe some natto, or some form of egg. Simple, quick, and steady because the point isn't perfection, it's balance practiced a little every morning. If you want to see how this framework looks in a 5-minute Western version, watch my brain-boosting breakfast bowl. I'll link it here. Or if you'd rather work on the habit side, check out my focus video. It's in the description. However you start, start with intention. I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @imdanmartin [88 likes]: If you enjoyed this and want more, I send a short weekly email with recipes, nutrition insights, and habits I don’t always share on YouTube.

You can join here 👉 https://subscribepage.io/danmartin
  2. @videowatcher100bc [1 likes]: when i came back from japan i was craving fish tamago and rice for breakfast everydayyy
  3. @BestFlautistForever: If I ate this much for every breakfast, I'd have no food left to last me the week.
  4. @KJheaveneyes: Yes, please give the recipes
  5. @GarthBuxton: Changing to this breakfast has changed my life. I am now able to think and my brain is functioning properly. Thank you so much for posting it.
  6. @Berserkir1978: But I’ll miss my Lucky Charms! Just kidding.
  7. @Nonyobiz-e4q: Comparing Japanese food to Danish food is honestly a farce. Most people eat some bread, thinly laid butter and a 1 mm thick piece of luch meat on it for breakfast/lunch. No matter how many of those you eat, you'll never get the nutrition of this meal!
  8. @jdblack9703: Excellent.
  9. @pinkpasta6969: Is that breakfast or lunch
  10. @liquidmetal9647: I do something similar this. It's rice, pan fried tofu, stir fry vegs, and miso soup poured over top of it.
  11. @glacey4906: Who TF has time to make this for breakfast? I'd have to get up at 3am! So yummy! Maybe lunch or dinner.
  12. @SpiritMomma888: I love Japanese food and would love to do this. However rice spikes my blood sugar, so would I still be able to try this and limit the portion of rice? I love rice though! Especially sushi rice.
  13. @BetterYouBetterLifeLLC: I would love the recipes please. Thanks.
  14. @meggo6673: Great video! Thank you! 
Is this a typical portion size as well?
  15. @cstuartdc: Hey thank you.  My two cuisines are Italian/meditterean and Asian (which I know there are differences in Japanese, chinese and Korean and so on). . .lately, for breakfast, becuase I am in a hurry and work 2 jobs, I have been eating mackeral from the can on toast with pickled vegetablesa nd olive oil and maybe a little tomato.  Whether this Italian or Japanese or both, I don't care. . .but parting from American breakfasts has been a boon for my health.  Thank you.  (your breakfast definitely looks chef curated tho!)
  16. @avertingapathy3052: While I appreciate the variety of textures and the sheer format, one can get about the same from a whole wheat  bagel with lux and some kefir.
  17. @allstarlord9110: My breakfast is usually some dried figs and nuts. Maybe some bread and cheese or olives. But that’s it. And always coffee and two cigarettes 😂
  18. @ascendrio: Ain't nobody got time for that
  19. @serenityofthemind: I want your stove.  Where did you get it.  It is perfect For Japanese meal sets
  20. @ithinkaboutthings9052: Do I detect a bit of a Brit accent here? Beans at breakfast disqualifies your opinion about the breakfast.

- I Eat Fish Every Day. Here's Why...: Kind: captions Language: en I eat fish daily like every single day from the convenience of having tin sardines in the hospital as a snack which is way better than Hospital Domino's Pizza to the amazing flavor of fatty New Zealand Aura salmon with crispy skin on a cast iron to a snack of smoked salmon with Buffalo mozzarella and a drizzle of olive oil like chef's kiss I really love fish but eating fish daily potentially has some risks exposure to certain organic pollutants and high levels of heavy metals like methyl Mercury so in this video what I'm going to do is break down some new research about the concerns with respect to heavy metals and fish and the relationship between fish and all cause mortality cancer related mortality cardiovascular related mortality and by the end of this video you're going to understand some nuances that I bet other people don't and walk away with some useful tips and then you can decide whether or not you want to eat fish every single day like me or you want to moderate your intake but no matter what I promise you're going to learn [Music] something welcome to my channel stay curious the first paper we're going to look at is a brand new paper published in a premier nutrition journal the American journal of clinical nutrition it's entitled fish consumption and omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids from diet are positively associated with cognitive function in older adults even in the presence of exposure to lead cadmium selenium and methyl Mercury a cross-sectional study using en hanan's 2011 to 2014 data this was an assessment of 3,123 adults over over age 60 they assessed fish intake using a survey of intake over the last month and then measured levels of lead cadmium methyl Mercury and selenium and assessed three domains of cognition immediate recall delayed recall and executive function and I'll get to the punchline straight away which was that across the population higher fish intake associated with better cognitive scores across all domain so you see that very clearly here on the x- axis is fish intake as you go to the right you have more fish intake and higher scores are better so you see across all three rows all three cognitive domains first focusing on the left column the black line there is an increase in cognitive function with increased fish in take that's the left column now the middle column is breaking it up stratifying by age so the green line is the younger older adults and then the middle line is a little bit older and then the purple line is even older so there's still an age effect and then the far right is stratified by sex where the green line is females and the purple line is males because yeah we're lower we're stupider but bottom line independent of age and sex there was a dose response relationship more fish intake associated with higher cognitive scores but there's an added layer here which you may have picked up on from the title which is they wanted to assess you know what is the balance of factors because more fish you get more Omega-3s which are good for the brain but you also may get exposed to heavy metals and that could be bad so what was original about this study was they kind of looked at those Balance of factors and found actually even accounting for exposures to lead and cadmium Mercury fish intake associated with higher cognitive scores the fish intake balanced out exposures to heavy metals and there was an added layer here where by selenium a micronutrient selenium had an added positive effect that may be synergized with the omega-3 they referenced some other studies looking at the selenium to Mercury ratio in various fish and show things like Yello fent tuna have a super high selenium to Mercury ratio of 14.1 and mahim Mahi also very high selenium to Mercury ratio at 13.1 as compared to something like a moo shark 0.5 much lower so again another consideration something I didn't think about selenium to Mercury ratio not just absolute levels of mercury which I thought was pretty cool now all that aside I do want to emphasize one should not be eating very high Mercury fish so often definitely don't eat stored fish or shark every day especially for people with certain medical conditions and pregnancy you don't want to have high Mercury fish during pregnancy I so want to throw that caveat out there and one other additional tip trick practical tool some people swear by broken cell wall chlorella or even cilantro as a keading agent that may be able to bind up I've actually played with this myself and was able to reduce mercury levels by including a homemade broken cell wall chlorella cilantro Mayo I like making my home own homemade mayo and I added some broken cell wall chlorella and cantro to it and was eating with all my fish and my mercury levels dropped from 11 to 7 which is actually a pretty substantial drop although my mercury levels weren't that high to begin with so anyway I thought this was a really interesting study the takeaway is more fish and take tends to be better at least up to in this study six servings per month which isn't all that high to be honest but nevertheless more ficient take tends to be better and we can consider the selenium to Mercury ratio as well which I think is a pretty interesting perspective now moving on to study two so the second paper we're going to look at is another new 2024 paper entitled circulating doosa hexanoic try saying that five times fast toosa hexanoic doosa hexanoic toosa xoic dooso doosa xoic no wonder they just say DHA circulating doosa hexanoic acid and risk of all and cause specific mortality now what they did in the study is they wanted to assess associations between DHA levels and longterm all cause mortality and cardiovascular and cancer related mortality so what they did is they analyzed UK biobank and forc metaanalysis data including 1,000 not 1,000 160,000 over 160,000 subjects with a median follow-up period of 14 years and after a multivariable adjustment they found a 177% lower risk of all cause mortality death from any cause 21% lower risk from cardiovascular disease related mortality and 177% lower risk for cancer related mortality so a really big effect size in addition to the large effect sizes they provide biological plausibility for why this may be the case here are two examples they point out blood EPA and DHA levels strongly predict the rate of tum shortening tiir are the caps on the end of your chromosomes that shorten as we age and they're a biomarker of aging and they also say that these fatty acids EPA and DHA have been shown to lengthen TMR in some human studies so that's one element of biological plausibility also longchain Omega fatty acids can protect against age related muscle loss sarcopenia and lean masses we ages is an important predictor of longevity so in addition to the large effect sizes they provide some biological plausibility which is quite important now another element I want to add is what were the actual levels in participants they looked at DHA levels DHA range and also another Associated marker Omega-3 index which I'm going to focus on because it correlates with DHA levels and more people have actually measured this so the omega-3 index is the percent of longchain fatty acids longchain Omega fatty acids in cell membranes in particular measured in red blood cell membranes so an optimal level is around 12 at least that's what most indices say now if you look at the data they break up participants into quintiles so groups of five where the highest quintile threshold was a level of 8.72 which is still a little bit suboptimal so one has to wonder what would the effect on longevity be in people with optimal levels at 12 or people in super optimal levels something that is like near dolphin level or Nick level I actually have my levels tested and I'm at 17.2 so ridiculously high will this translate into even greater longevity I don't know I'll let you know on my 150th birthday if you're still around I think I will be so those are the studies I wanted to go over they do come with limitations in caveats one is that for study one there was self-reported fish intake however it was was concordant with blood Omega levels so I think it was probably a reliable marker of intake there's also the element of healthy user bias even if you try to adjust for variables associated with dietary quality people who eat more fish probably are just going to be overall eating a healthier diet so that's a confounding variable that said I do think the effect size particularly in study 2 was pretty compelling for me but there is an element of healthy user bias that I want to claim another Nuance here is that just because you say eat fish and get DHA into your blood doesn't immediately translate to that going into the brain it doesn't go through the brain blood brain barrier via like a passive diffusion there is a transporter entitled msf d2a that can be activated in certain forms of DHA get transported into the brain more easily like lyso DHA which is conjugated to a molecule that allows for easier transport and things like krill oil are very high in lyso so you might get more banged for your buck with certain forms of Omega-3 if you supplement them so if you supplement maybe use krill oil there are some studies showing that that might be beneficial and there are also questions about what is the best biomarker for omega-3 presence in the brain and it might be something other than say an omega-3 index it may be brain derived neurotrophic Factor levels bdnf levels so those are Alles some caveats that said I do still find these two studies very interesting and I wanted to communicate them to you I hope you found them interesting as well now for vegetarians I just do want to throw out there you can still get DHA on a vegetarian or vegan diet including DH a from algae oil and also get selenium you can't just get selenium from fish I so you can just get selenium from fish but you can also get it from other sources probably the richest source is Brazil nuts a single brazilnut has I think 96 microgram of selenium which is like two times the RDA recommended level so like one Brazil nut and you got your selenium from the day me personally I really like Brazil nuts I actually put them um this is a recipe from my friend Martina sarova I blend two cups of macadamia nuts with 10 Brazil nuts 1/4 teaspoon of vanilla powder and 1/4 teaspoon of sea salt and it makes this incredible selenium supplemented natural Macadamia butter that I just absolutely love and I'll just even put it on a fish because basically I'll eat it on anything I love macademia nuts hence the T-shirt this is limited edition you can't buy it they accidentally printed it when I wasn't actually supposed to have it so now it's just my shirt mine you can't buy it but you can buy macadamia nuts if you enjoy them that's totally your uh call but I'll put links to buy those below because as I've mentioned before I am a partner of house macademia I have been purchasing their product for many years and I absolutely love macadamia nuts fish aside if you want to know something about my diet I eat a lot of fish macadamia nuts and olive oil all that said I hope you have a wonderful day I hope you learned something and as always I love interacting with you in the comments so please leave a comment

  Top Comments:
  1. @freetrailer4poor [22 likes]: I eat fish everyday and at 61 still feel like teenager. I run 3 miles at gym a couple times a week. I think I want to eat it 3 meals a day and some fruit.
  2. @nylew718 [4 likes]: I was 230 pounds in July of this year, today I am 195. Haven’t gotten blood work done since my last doctors visit. Hoping to see phenomenal improvements . I sometimes eat chicken pizza & poke bowls. Extremely rare that I eat a burger these days. I’m thankful to have taken a hold of my health through this diet. By the glory of god and persistence I’ll keep getting healthier & healthier! Love this diet!!!
  3. @albundy9918 [1 likes]: You eat WORMS/PARASITES every day.
  4. @clerus17: To  much sardine is cancerous and you get arsenic since they're bottom feeders and human is throwing trash in oceans soo yeah cancer
  5. @edvedder7835: Professor Michael Crawford, yes that Professor Crawford, says the mercury or other metals reported by our government is rubbish. Our government doesn't want us healthy. They want a shrinking brain. Plus, Professor Crawford indicated the selenium benefits helps displace whatever heavy metals may be contained in the fish.
  6. @JuliyJuls: eating fihh rn
  7. @tantallum: BRAZIL NUT TOXICITY CAUTION:  The high concentration of selenium in Brazil nuts renders them toxic if too many nuts are consumed in one day. Google it. (The comment I posted earlier today warning of Brazil nut toxicity has been deleted for reasons un known to me.)
  8. @karebear326: What fish types do you recommend to eat on a daily basis vs 1 a week vs 1 a month?
  9. @prodbykillah667: Got a question,can i consume 500g of low mercury fishes like Rawas(Indian Salmon) for muscle building everyday?
  10. @froggystyle642: I stick to sardines from north Atlantic, and mackerel from the north Sea. Avoid Indian ocean or south China Sea.
  11. @liotube7: Great info!

Wondering if supplementation would have same effect 


Unrelated to this subject; can you please make a video on all blood works needed to evaluate cardiovascular and general health and the road map how to interpret each with an interconnected context for example lipidology and lipoproteins, inflammatory markers,  insulin resistance and all about pre diabetes, Central obesity and visceral fat...
  12. @user-vu6wy1so6o: Our ancient ancestors lived on the coast or rivers, travelled along them and fish was central to survival.  In addition the inclusion of fish in mankinds evolution coincided with increased brain size, ability and positive technological and societal transitions.
  13. @BootyXToast: I was having Brazil nuts and fish and I got to much selenium and got sick, and it was causing my high blood pressure to get much worst. So people with hbp please be careful. I would do fish or Brazil nuts. Not both. Put me in the ER. Me , I'm giving up Brazil nuts so I can have more fish. The high protein and low fat and low calorie is to much to pass up. I'm going to take it easy though. Don't need another ER visit.
  14. @CJ-lj9fb: Canned, sardines or other SMASH fish are excellent convenience food.
  15. @LucasPremat07: Wild caught natural fish is very different from farmed fish, just like fatty grassfed red meat is very different from eating it from an animal that has been treated badly
  16. @slr856: Maybe I missed it. Did the participants in these studies buy their own fish?  Was it farm-raised, wild-caught, or tested for heavy metals, etc? 🤔
  17. @shawnb50: I’ve always thought well I only really eat trout and salmon so those fish shouldn’t be polluted or high in mercury. Steel head trout is my favorite for the price and to me it’s basically the same as salmon.
  18. @robgoddard9223: Being exposed to heavy metal never did Ozzy any harm!
  19. @tinalove8197: You're supposed to eat seafood with CILANTRO  and garlic to get rid of  toxins.
  20. @annerees5261: I used to love fish so much. Then I suddenly started getting stomach discomfort after eating it! Even sardines and salmon. Very disappointed, I miss it and its benefits . Anyone got any solutions please?

- Mackerel: The Super fish You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Mackerel is a fish that has been enjoyed for centuries. It is a popular choice for its rich savory flavor and versatility in the kitchen. Mackerel is also a nutritional powerhouse packed with essential vitamins, minerals, and healthy fats. From grilled fillets to smoky pates, mackerel offers a taste of the ocean with a world of health benefits. Let's dive in and explore what makes this fish so special. Mackerel belongs to a family of fish known for their sleek torpedo-shaped bodies and distinct stripes or spots. Found in both the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, these fish are known for their strong swimming abilities and play a crucial role in the marine ecosystem. Their abundance and relatively quick reproduction cycle make them a sustainable seafood choice, appealing to environmentally conscious consumers. But the real magic of mackerel lies in its nutritional profile. This superfish is an excellent source of protein, essential for building and repairing tissues in the body. It is also rich in B vitamins which are vital for energy production and maintaining a healthy nervous system. However, the true stars of the mackerel show are its high levels of omega-3 fatty acids and the essential trace mineral [Music] selenium. Omega-3 fatty acids are essential fats that our bodies cannot produce on their own. We must obtain them through our diet. These healthy fats play a crucial role in maintaining heart health by lowering blood pressure, reducing triglycerides, and decreasing the risk of blood clots. Omega-3s are also important for brain health, supporting cognitive function, and may even play a role in reducing the risk of depression. Selenium, another nutritional powerhouse found abundantly in mackerel, acts as an antioxidant in the body. Antioxidants protect ourselves from damage caused by free radicals, unstable molecules that can contribute to aging and disease. Selenium also plays a vital role in supporting a healthy immune system, helping our bodies fight off infections and stay healthy. The combination of omega-3 fatty acids and selenium in mackerel makes it a true superfish for overall health and well-being. However, not all mackerel are created equal. Understanding the differences between species, particularly Atlantic and King mackerel, is important for making informed choices about consumption. Atlantic mackerel and king mackerel are two popular types of mackerel, each with distinct characteristics. Atlantic mackerel, smaller in size, is generally considered a more sustainable choice. They have a milder flavor and are often canned or smoked. King mackerel, on the other hand, are larger and have a richer, more pronounced flavor. They are often grilled, baked, or pan fried. While both types of mackerel offer valuable nutrients, there is a key difference to consider. Mercury levels. Mercury is a heavy metal that can accumulate in fish, especially larger predatory fish like king mackerel. High levels of mercury consumption can be harmful to human health, particularly for pregnant women and young children. Atlantic mackerel, due to their smaller size and lower position on the food chain, generally contain lower levels of mercury compared to king mackerel. This makes Atlantic mackerel a safer and healthier choice, especially for those concerned about mercury exposure. Section four, smaller is better. Choosing your mackerel wisely. When it comes to mackerel, smaller is often better. Opting for Atlantic mackerel or other smaller species helps minimize mercury exposure while still reaping the nutritional benefits of this superfish. Look for mackerel that has been sustainably sourced, ensuring that fishing practices minimize environmental impact. Reading labels and understanding where your fish comes from can help you make informed choices. Don't hesitate to ask your fishmunger about the origin of the mackerel and their recommendations for the best options. Remember, making conscious choices about seafood consumption not only benefits our health, but also the health of our oceans. Section five, mackerel on your plate. Simple and delicious. Incorporating mackerel into your diet doesn't have to be complicated. Its versatility allows for a wide range of culinary creations from simple weekn night meals to elegant dinner parties. Grilled mackerel fillets brushed with olive oil, lemon juice, and herbs make for a flavorful and healthy meal. Flaked mackerel can be added to salads, sandwiches, or pasta dishes for a boost of protein and omega-3s. Smoked mackerel with its rich smoky flavor can be enjoyed on crackers, in dips, or as part of a shakuterie board. Get creative in the kitchen and explore the many delicious ways to enjoy this superfish. From its impressive nutritional value to its versatility in the kitchen, mackerel offers a world of benefits. By choosing smaller species and enjoying it in moderation, we can reap the rewards of this superfish while making responsible choices for our health and the environment. So, next time you're looking for a healthy and delicious protein source, consider mackerel, the superfish you need to know

  Top Comments:
  1. @warrax111 [3 likes]: 1:20 Why troll music?
  2. @meowmeow_t6fu696 [1 likes]: chicken of the ocean
  3. @ArceeuSs: Have you not heard of Indian mackerel from the Pacific ocean that has low mercury??? Spreading false info out here eh
  4. @nonyabiz550: What about "Jack" Mackerel? What is the difference

- Saba no Shioyaki Recipe (Japanese-style Grilled Mackerel): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hio and today on staty I'm going to show you how to make simple and Delicious Japanese style grow macro called saaki let's get started here I have one Japanese macro that has been divided into two fillets and the born first I'm going to place them in a bowl of cold water and gently rub the surface to clean them once that's done dried them with kitchen paper and place them in a container pour a tablespoon of sake over the top and just rub it all over until the macro is evenly coated the sacket helps soften the fish your do and tenderizes the flesh so I highly recommend doing this put a lid on top and store it in the fridge for about 15 minutes 30 if you have time once the time is up start preheating your grill on a medium high setting I'm using a Japanese fish grill but an oven grill or Broiler works just as well while you wait take the macro from the fridge and dry it with kitchen paper once more we want the skin to crisp up nicely so it's important there isn't too much moisture place the fillet on a chopping board and make shallow diagonal incisions Across the Skin like this this will allow the salt to penetrate the skin side and also help prevent it curling too much just don't cut it too deep finally sprinkle both sides with a generous pinch of salt how much salt you use depends on your preference but I'd say I use about 1 teaspoon for this whole macro the grow should be hot by now so let's cook place the macro with the skin side down first and grow for about 4 minutes this timing is approximate and depends on the thickness of your fish and the strength of the heat if you're using a whole fish it will take a lot longer try and lay it down so that it's directly underneath the heat sauce if possible if you're making multiple portions you might need to grow them in batches to ensure even even cooking after 4 minutes flip them over and cook for 3 minutes on the other side or until the skin is nicely Brown and the fish is cooked all the way through this is befree brown and ready to serve I'm just going to gra some D radish to place on the side of the macro this adds a refreshing touch to the dish I also like to add squeeze of citrus I'm using statue this time but you could use lemon or lime if that's more accessible Saban noaki is perfect effect with rice and Mis soup and makes a great Japanese style set meal thanks much for watching and if you want to learn more about this recipe the link to my blog is in the description thanks again have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @MetalsirenIXI [17 likes]: Glad you seasoned both sides of the fish. So many people that make videos will just dust one side with salt like they are afraid of flavor.
  2. @SudachiRecipes [9 likes]: ➤ PRINT FULL RECIPE:  https://sudachirecipes.com/saba-no-shioyaki/
➤ SUBSCRIBE HERE: https://tinyurl.com/b69ed7na
➤ GET MY FREE E-COOKBOOK!": https://rb.gy/9pc98k

INGREDIENTS:
 - 2 mackerel fillets - skin-on
 - 1 tbsp sake
 - Salt
 - 1 wedge of sudachi
 - Grated daikon radish (daikon oroshi)

 ➤ STEP-BY-STEP INSTRUCTIONS:  https://sudachirecipes.com/saba-no-shioyaki/
 ➤ CHECK OUT MY LATEST RECIPES: https://sudachirecipes.com/blog/

CONNECT:
 ➤Website: https://sudachirecipes.com
 ➤Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/sudachi.recipes
 ➤Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/sudachi.recipes
 ➤Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.jp/sudachirecipes
 ➤Amazon Shop: https://www.amazon.com/shop/sudachirecipes
 ➤YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvDExRIeyrh7PSMdleWf1yg
  3. @andrewd9037 [7 likes]: This was wholesome and the quality of that mackerel is stunning. So white.
  4. @Thekennykennyshow [5 likes]: We don’t even eat these here in Tasmania and they’re everywhere
  5. @Robert-z8i5s [1 likes]: A nice easy recipe. Thank you Chef. I can't wait to try it. 🙏🙏🙏🇬🇧🇮🇳🇬🇧
  6. @Casebycase_1968 [1 likes]: 1968! 먹음직스럽게.구워졌네요. 냉동해동된  고등어처럼 븕은살도 아니고ㅡ역시 생선은 그릴 도구가  비쥬얼에 굿이군요! 라임과 갈은 무가 구운 고등어 맛을 더 올려주는 모양이군요.맛있게 잘봤어요
  7. @joylean1225 [1 likes]: Sudachi San, is it ok if the prepared saba mackerel is left overnight in the fridge for cooking tomorrow? Btw I used this recipe of yours a few weeks back and it turned out great. Thx  🙏
  8. @LuckyLaylaReads: Is it okay to use salted mackerel
  9. @tanchengyan8253: Do we eat Saba together with skin?
  10. @WhyYallSoQuite: This should have been a Youtube  short
  11. @PecanBun: Never heard someone from Japan with British English as their second language. Do you have family in England? Or am I mis-hearing
  12. @Audity710: Overcooked for sure.
  13. @C.R.V.Quisumbing: Thanks!  Seeing your electric grill made me realize i can do this in an air fryer, placing fillets on a rack.
  14. @meese9140: I’m trying to eat healthier so I’m going to make this and some miso soup tomorrow for breakfast
  15. @atifyusoff4237: I'm trying to make halal version, can anyone help me, what should I replace the sake with?
  16. @15Beaches: I just bought some mackeral filets on sale at my Asian store.  I've never eaten mackeral but I've seen it made in a lot of "dayin the life of" Japanese videos I love to watch. Going to try this, and I'm sure it will be yummy! Thank you!
  17. @dunstant8770: Hontouni Arigatou gozaimasu Sudachi-san!
  18. @arleneagapitovibar9690: Wow gusto ko yan masarap❤❤❤
  19. @derralynwhite4329: Yum
  20. @eduardoalvesdesouza118: Hello!! Why is the fillet white?

- 5-Minute Grilled Mackerel with Teriyaki Sauce Recipe | Teriyaki Saba | さばの照り焼き: Kind: captions Language: zh-Hant 乾煎鯖魚 魚皮朝下開始乾煎 記得先將鯖魚洗乾淨後抹乾 以中火煎至魚皮開始收縮 約2分鐘後就可以翻面 記得要輕輕的按壓邊邊 以確保旁邊的位置都有煎熟 之後每隔1分鐘就可以重複翻面 直到兩面都煎至金黃色 貼士：鯖魚一定要煎至全熟才不會有腥味 現在開始製作照燒醬汁 1 1/2大匙砂糖 3大匙味霖 1 1/2大匙醬油 適當的翻面讓鯖魚都吸附醬汁 醬汁變濃稠之後就可以上菜了 加入醬汁前要確保煎鍋裡沒有多餘的魚油 如果有多餘的魚油就先抹乾淨 這個步驟會讓醬汁更容易附著 一起開動吧！ 甜甜咸咸的照燒鯖魚 配上香噴噴的白飯 真是一道簡單又美味的家常菜

  Top Comments:
  1. @bananana4599 [14 likes]: Please never delete this video! It’s my go-to when i crave fish!
  2. @shahid6113 [14 likes]: Is there something that I can use instead of mirin? Is it optional or compulsory?
  3. @jaha5761 [11 likes]: Excellent! My skillet is cast iron, so I used a very small amount of oil to prevent sticking.  I can taste a bit a caramelized sugar in the sauce. Thank you for a delicious and useful recipe using a tasty and affordable fish.
  4. @robbobcat7286 [3 likes]: First try love it! Will try this again thanks!
  5. @douhung9869 [3 likes]: I love looking at the finished product
  6. @bebesofia8902 [2 likes]: Looks soooooo tasty 🤤
  7. @cheskanoronha5889 [2 likes]: Oishiiiii, tabetaiiiiii

Will surely cook this

Thanks for the recipe
  8. @NatalieChan-lg6mx: Yummy
  9. @tuanzen1125: thanks bro

- 3-Ingredient Grilled Saba Fish with Teriyaki Sauce | No Mess: Kind: captions Language: en Hello. Welcome to Home Cooking with Somjit. Today, I'm gonna cook a very simple meal: "Grilled Saba Fish with Teriyaki Sauce". It's very simple and has very few ingredients. So I have 2 pieces of frozen Saba fish fillets, and for the Teriyaki Sauce, I bought it from the shop as well. For these frozen fish fillets right, I have already thawed it. So I'm going to remove it from the packet and then we're going to wash it. The Saba fish fillets are quite fresh. See? Sometimes, if we buy frozen Saba fish fillets like this, we cannot even hold it because it's too soft. So I'm just going to make a cut a little bit here. After washing the fish, I'm going to use the kitchen towel to dry the fish. So remove the water as much as we can. Now we can go and grill it. And today I'll be using this grilling pan. To grill the Saba fish in the pan like this, with this kind of surface, the Saba fish tend to get stuck to the pan. So I'll be using baking paper. This paper can withstand the heat, so I will use this baking paper to cover the pan. Like this. So we're going to cut it. Okay. Alright. Switch on the heat. Put in the Saba fish. The Saba fish is quite dry, after we wiped it with the kitchen towel. We grill about 4 - 5 minutes on each side. or until the Saba fish is cooked. So I'm going to cover the lid. Set the time for 5 minutes. 1 more minute left, let's take a look. Oh, that's time's up. 5 minutes. So we're going to turn the Saba fish to the other side. Oh, look at that! So we're going to put the Saba fish on this side for another 5 minutes. While waiting for the Saba fish to cook, we're going to prepare the sauce. This teriyaki sauce is quite sweet, and on the salty side. So I'm going to dilute it with water, just a bit. So I'm going to put in about 2 tablespoons of teriyaki sauce, and add in 1 tablespoon of water. Cook it together. If it's a bit too thick, you can add in the water. But for this consistency is okay. Just bring it to boil. Heat it up a bit, so I'm going to switch off the heat. Put it aside. Time's up. 5 minutes, and the Saba fish is cooked. You see, when we cook the Saba fish, it releases a lot of oil. When we cook it on the grill pan like this right, the oil will not escape. So we still have nice Saba fish oil here. Just lift the fish up. And now I'm going to just glaze the Saba fish with the teriyaki sauce. While it's still hot. So the Saba fish can absorb the flavor of the teriyaki sauce. So good! Look at that. Now we're going to flip it to the other side. Pour over some more teriyaki sauce. And this is best served while it's hot. So I'm going to dish out and serve. Let's try. Look at that! The Grilled Saba Fish, coated with Teriyaki Sauce. Wow. Very delicious! The Saba fish is quite fresh. It has a very nice texture. Very tasty. And the fish is cooked perfectly. It's not undercooked or overcooked. The teriyaki sauce is slightly sweet salty, and when it blends with the oil that comes out from the Saba fish, it blends so well with the grilled Saba fish. Really delicious. You should give it a try. Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please share with your friends, and remember to subscribe for more of my simple home cooked food like this. Thank you and bye bye!

  Top Comments:
  1. @inodelacruz1245 [5 likes]: I like saba. It’s tasty and healthy (full of good fats). Thanks, Somjit! 👍🙂
  2. @yongj [3 likes]: Thank you for the recipe, easy and tasty!
  3. @jonasjohnsson4429 [2 likes]: It looks yummy! :)
  4. @novembersky3749 [2 likes]: hi Somjit,  is it a vax paper?  i like this recipe! thanks friend : )
  5. @lynnc6155 [1 likes]: Thank you for the great idea of using baking paper!  I was afraid i need to fry the Saba fish i bought as it always stick to the pan
  6. @habibahbinteabdullah9472 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing. My favourite fish. Can I use oyster sauce ?
  7. @hummit [1 likes]: Family loved it! Fast, simple and easy!
  8. @efond88 [1 likes]: I really didn't know that you can put baking paper on the pan. I will definitely try your method tonite and let u know the outcome. Thanks Somjit
  9. @chiakboonko414 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing. Its yummy.
  10. @38284LHK [1 likes]: Tried today. Simple to cook & tasty.
  11. @seanworthington4086: Enjoyed your video. I will be making Saba w/ teriyaki in a couple days for the first time. Will be making it slightly differently but appreciated some tips in your video and hopefully will make my experiment slightly less an experiment. Will grill the fish but on foil. Also will make my own teriyaki sauce and add some oyster sauce, and saute with ginger. Will marinate the fish a a few minutes before cooking then add to the pan at then end with the sauce. Loved the dish when living in Thailand and hope I can come close to replicating it. Hadn't thought of parchment paper but might try that next time.
  12. @ninataj407: hi. your recipe looks good ! but if i want to use air fryer, what temperature should i set and how long?
  13. @sinkorswimchimmy6786: this one got bad smell
  14. @dean1053: Hi there..do you need to put oil?
  15. @Mga-ol6zp: 👍
  16. @emmateoh3482: Hi, may I know what if I cook without using baking paper on my pan? Will my fish mess up?
  17. @PINOYako011375: Sorry, It cannot be fresh since it was frozen and thawed. .
  18. @lilianng1997: Don't you have to put oil to fry fish
  19. @SuccessforLifester: I think I will stick to my non stick pan as I do not have the grilling pan and the paper.
  20. @PrynCooking: First time I see saba fish. I never know this fish before because my family live far from sea

- Pan Fried Mackerel: Easiest of Fish Recipes: Kind: captions Language: en all right welcome to cooking conspiracy and we're doing pan-fried mackerel today so you're gonna start off with your macro filet salt pepper oil and lemon now you don't want your fish to be straight out of the fridge so bring it out about 15 minutes ahead of time season lightly with salt and pepper meanwhile preheat your pan either stainless steel or nonstick over medium high heat you're going to want to use an oil with a high smoke point so you don't smoke out your kitchen there you go should be hot now lay your fish in away from you so it doesn't splash up on you because that hurts and you know also for this reason you should wear a shirt while cooking now you're going to fry it for one to two minutes and then you're gonna flip her over and there we go there see the flipper look at this look at this okay yep that won't stick even at the stainless if you preheated it properly and the fish is done now you're gonna cook for another minute or two i add a piece of butter and uh yep this is the boringest video i've ever made i don't think i got any conspiracies to offer but once the fish is done you're gonna get your flipper back out take it out of the pan and it should flake with a fork if you tried to do that i mean if you overcook it it'll get tough and it'll be terrible but anyways so you're gonna squeeze a bit of lemon over it and you're done you're good to go [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mickwalsh8136 [21 likes]: Any chef will tell you,always skin side first
  2. @ErichBowers [8 likes]: Serve with German potato salad and a cold beer. That's how I roll! 🍺😂  🍽
  3. @GB-gn5hi [8 likes]: You make cooking fish look so easy! I feel less apprehensive burning it so thank you!
  4. @maestrolodahl8681 [6 likes]: I love Mackerel <3 :) And fish in generel :) :) Thx for this upload :)
  5. @DizzyWolf [6 likes]: 0:39 "you should wear a shirt while cooking"
Yes, we women need to wear shirts while we cook, this is good advice, thank you. My husband never has the sense to remind me.
  6. @Parisa-t9x [4 likes]: Too loud music.
  7. @williamedgar4482 [3 likes]: simple and straight to the point love this content thanks i’m going to be using this to cook my mackerel
  8. @cookingrina [3 likes]: I love fish thanks for sharing
  9. @COOKINGATHOME87 [3 likes]: look very delicious
  10. @mashiela7189 [3 likes]: Looks good. Will try this! Thanks!
  11. @obiwanfisher537 [2 likes]: Oof. I am not sure if I can do this at home, I am just an amateur chef, but I shall try it one day. Maybe when I bought the new kitchen.... (the current one is not equipped for this kind of stuff. I think I stay with beef wellington or other simple stuff for now.)
  12. @humblebee-5svv [2 likes]: seems a bit overcooked it's quite small fish but it looks tasty  kudos!
  13. @livetobehappy2724 [1 likes]: I did it with spices, no oil. Amazing
  14. @stephenallen4635 [1 likes]: wow it really is just that easy. Although how do you stop it curling in on the sides while it cooks
  15. @officialWWM [1 likes]: Who doesn’t wear a shirt while cooking? 🤔
  16. @Cyrilmc222004 [1 likes]: Thank you so much I really really enjoyed watching you prepare this easy recipe, and I also like how you present your recipe’s too. So I’ve subscribed and given you a thumb’s up too. Please stay safe and well too
  17. @roxanagociu6365 [1 likes]: Like the music !🙂🤗
  18. @sgtcrab2569 [1 likes]: Fishing family. We never use lemon with fish if it is freshly caught!
  19. @NickRowsell [1 likes]: The easiest and best yet …
  20. @johnnyregular: Skin side down first

- Will the ocean ever run out of fish? - Ayana Elizabeth Johnson and Jennifer Jacquet: Kind: captions Language: en Fish are in trouble. The cod population off Canada's East Coast collapsed in the 1990s, intense recreational and commercial fishing has decimated goliath grouper populations in South Florida, and most populations of tuna have plummeted by over 50%, with the Southern Atlantic bluefin on the verge of extinction. Those are just a couple of many examples. Overfishing is happening all over the world. How did this happen? When some people think of fishing, they imagine relaxing in a boat and patiently reeling in the day's catch. But modern industrial fishing, the kind that stocks our grocery shelves, looks more like warfare. In fact, the technologies they employ were developed for war. Radar, sonar, helicopters, and spotter planes are all used to guide factory ships towards dwindling schools of fish. Long lines with hundreds of hooks or huge nets round up massive amounts of fish, along with other species, like seabirds, turtles, and dolphins. And fish are hauled up onto giant boats, complete with onboard flash freezing and processing facilities. All of these technologies have enabled us to catch fish at greater depths and farther out at sea than ever before. And as the distance and depth of fishing have expanded, so has the variety of species we target. For example, the Patagonian toothfish neither sounds nor looks very appetizing. And fishermen ignored it until the late 1970s. Then it was rebranded and marketed to chefs in the U.S. as Chilean sea bass, despite the animal actually being a type of cod. Soon it was popping up in markets all over the world and is now a delicacy. Unfortunately, these deep water fish don't reproduce until they're at least ten years old, making them extremely vulnerable to overfishing when the young are caught before they've had the chance to spawn. Consumer taste and prices can also have harmful effects. For example, shark fin soup is considered such a delicacy in China and Vietnam that the fin has become the most profitable part of the shark. This leads many fishermen to fill their boats with fins leaving millions of dead sharks behind. The problems aren't unique to toothfish and sharks. Almost 31% of the world's fish populations are overfished, and another 58% are fished at the maximum sustainable level. Wild fish simply can't reproduce as fast as 7 billion people can eat them. Fishing also has impacts on broader ecosystems. Wild shrimp are typically caught by dragging nets the size of a football field along the ocean bottom, disrupting or destroying seafloor habitats. The catch is often as little as 5% shrimp. The rest is by-catch, unwanted animals that are thrown back dead. And coastal shrimp farming isn't much better. Mangroves are bulldozed to make room for shrimp farms, robbing coastal communities of storm protection and natural water filtration and depriving fish of key nursery habitats. So what does it look like to give fish a break and let them recover? Protection can take many forms. In national waters, governments can set limits about how, when, where, and how much fishing occurs, with restrictions on certain boats and equipment. Harmful practices, such as bottom trawling, can be banned altogether, and we can establish marine reserves closed to all fishing to help ecosystems restore themselves. There's also a role for consumer awareness and boycotts to reduce wasteful practices, like shark finning, and push fishing industries towards more sustainable practices. Past interventions have successfully helped depleted fish populations recover. There are many solutions. The best approach for each fishery must be considered based on science, respect for the local communities that rely on the ocean, and for fish as wild animals. And then the rules must be enforced. International collaboration is often needed, too, because fish don't care about our borders. We need to end overfishing. Ecosystems, food security, jobs, economies, and coastal cultures all depend on it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yowlolstfu6759 [1 likes]: Atlantic Bluefin Tuna is not on the verge of extinction
  2. @jackhaus5238 [1 likes]: Chinese are draining the sea life out of the ocean and japs to
  3. @SMCwasTaken [1 likes]: Wrong, fish breed very fast
  4. @Theclubfootcyclist [1 likes]: An awful lot of lies in this video. Lets have a discussion
  5. @KudrnaHundley: thank your video❤
  6. @arloshomeschoolB: plus we will only notice it when it gets to seripus, and by then it will be too late
  7. @yankeesguy-z4g: Who else’s is learning about this and has to write a essay
  8. @DWdancer: And what is the bio-weight of Lantern fish? Bull s___.
  9. @pogonomyrmexrugosus6240: Meanwhile China doesn't give two shits...
  10. @KhineWin-u1i: BROTHER there are 8 billion people now
  11. @jesusnunezcontreras4913: Eat more beef
  12. @ExperiencedNovice2024: Yes.  The answer is absolutely, yes!  😢
  13. @samaelilith6099: Why we dont make fish farms?
  14. @YumaKattre: Holà ❤😂🎉😢😮😅😊
  15. @gbar6448: That's why I don't fish😊
  16. @nicobrunke8176: Bad reporting!
  17. @bobmcdermit9857: Will the ocean ever run out of fish? YOU NEVER ANSWERED THE QUESTION! ALL TALK NO SUBSTANCE.
  18. @Theclubfootcyclist: These clowns here have no concept of the complexities of the Oceans around us. They blame everything on fishing and overfishing because they are too damn lazy to find out the real reason some stocks decline.
  19. @SMCwasTaken: 1:47 lies, ALL fish breed very fast. Stop fabricating lies, there's always plenty of fish in the sea
  20. @captainwull: This is one of the most shocking work's of fiction I've ever seen about fishing on Youtube. Its right up there with Seaspiracy, closely followed by Ocean. 
80% of the worlds oceans are fished responsibly. The other 20% are data poor. Mainly because not all countries that fish are wealthy and can spend money on research and technical advances in gear. They could actually be fishing sustainably, we just don't know.
I was a Fishery Observer until I retired and I can categorically tell you that 90% of the fish caught by Prawn trawlers is NOT thrown overboard. In my experience a one ton haul of Prawns usually results in 5% -10% discarded. But remember, these discards are feeding seabirds and other marine life. Without Fishermen feeding seabirds Millions of birds would starve and die. In the last 20 years there has been a massive investment in technical advances to eliminate discards, and they work. You said Turtles and Dolphins are caught. You cannot shoot a pelagic net without Pingers and other devices to scare off these species before the net closes. Ocean stated 250,000 Turtles are caught accidentally, we would estimate that at nearer 4,000.

I have never seen a Prawn trawl the size of a football field either. You also state about Trawlers damaging the seabed. Can you explain to me why, if fishing vessels can go back to the same areas week in week out, year after year for generations how can they possibly be destroying habitats? Sure a Trawl will leave a temporary scar on a sandy or muddy seabed - where incidentally the vast majority of fishing is done, but within a few day's this will have disappeared with the movement of ocean currents. 
Any anyway, would you say a farmers field is damaging the environment? Probably not. However, he will use tons of fertilizers to enrich the soil and pesticides to kill insects. His field of Barley, Wheat, Potatoes whatever looks nothing like it did before farming was ever started so why would you choose to target a fisherman for "destroying" the seabed? He is supplying vital food for the worlds populations. In fact 25% of the worlds lean protein comes from the sea. To stop harvesting the sea would mean over 80% of the worlds Rainforest's would need to be cut down to grow the food required. 

Overfishing -  Sure, if your unregulated you can fish down to a critical level but you simply cannot wipe out a species. Long before there are no fish left it would become uneconomic to fish. The ones that are left repopulate,and due to the abundance of feed -because there would be less competition for feed from other fish, re-population will happen remarkably well. Within a few years the stock will be back as healthy as ever.

Get your facts right and give fishermen a break, they deserve our respect.

- Overfishing: The worst and best fish you can eat: Kind: captions Language: en Seafood, in my opinion, is the best food ever. It’s healthy, it's fresh, it's delicious... Until I saw these pictures: Maybe you’ve also seen some recent documentaries on the fishing industry. If you didn’t, this is the gist: “We are at war with the oceans and if we win this&nbsp;war&nbsp;we’re going to lose it all because mankind is not able to live on this planet with a dead sea.” Well, I got terrified. What have I done with all of the fish and chips and sushi and shrimps and oysters that I’ve eaten all along?! Is there still any kind of seafood that I can eat without feeling like I'm responsible for destroying entire ecosystems? And which type should I just avoid in general? Well, it got so much messier than I thought it would. "Do you know where this [salmon] is from?" Let me break it down for you. After the whole debate about meat and dairy farming and its consequences, seafood has come under greater scrutiny. Global&nbsp;prodution&nbsp;of seafood has quadrupled over the past 50 years. While&nbsp;artisinal&nbsp;and&nbsp;subsistance&nbsp;fishing used to be the norm, industrial grade wild capture has dominated over the past decades. The UN estimates a third of all seafood might be overfished. We’re&nbsp;emptying the oceans at an alarming rate, and not only that – the way we fish endangers other marine animals and entire ecosystems. Seafood sustainability is a very touchy subject. Everybody I spoke to said: “You know how complicated seafood is.” But I found out there is some seafood you can eat with a relatively good conscience if you follow some rules of thumb. The first question you need to ask yourself sort if you're buying seafood is: Is this species endangered or not? For some it’s super clear-cut. "So&nbsp;if you can avoid bluefin tuna in sushi restaurants and other places, please do. And the second is another species&nbsp; most commonly eaten&nbsp;in sushi, which is unagi. There are many different species within that category, many different types of&nbsp;eel. But for them, for&nbsp;the vast majority of&nbsp;them, they are in bad straits. And I recommend you do not eat them." That’s Ryan Bigelow, who has been working for the database Seafood Watch for over 10 years. Greenpeace has a red list of fish – fish in the wild that are endangered – all the resources I mention you can find in the description box below. This is a quite a blanket list. If you want to dig into exactly which fish stock is endangered where, you can&nbsp;turn to data bases for more precise information. One of the best known is the Seafood Watch program. It scientifically assesses and lists thousands of&nbsp;species and their sustainability status. "Our recommendations are very, very specific to types of fisheries. How healthy is this population of this fish if you're trying to catch a&nbsp;tuna, how many of those tuna&nbsp;are&nbsp;left? Are you catching sharks or catching things you don't want? Are you impacting that natural environment? Are there rules in place to protect those species? There is quite a bit of difference depending on how and where it's caught." So&nbsp;let’s talk about how these fish are caught. Fishing methods using large, industrial grade gear in marine environments often cause the most damage. Number one is bottom trawling, where huge nets the height of buildings and the length of football fields scour the ocean floor, causing vast amounts of bycatch – catching and&nbsp;killing&nbsp;other, non-target fish and endangered animals. This often happens when fishing for bottom-dwelling fish like hake or flounder. It also harms&nbsp;sea beds. This is what the seabed looked like before – and after bottom trawling. Number two is longline fishing, which targets big species like tuna or swordfish. These lines can be miles long and have thousands of hooks, causing – again – bycatch. Depending on where you live, you can get information on fishing methods on the packaging. "So&nbsp;of course&nbsp;from a fishery sustainability point of view, we would absolutely benefit from having more selective gear." This is Minna Epps, who is responsible for the protection of marine and polar environments at the IUCN and has previously worked for the Marine Stewardship Council. More selective means targeting the species you want more accurately – like rod and reel fishing, or harpooning, or cast nets. You can also use special hooks in longlining called circle hooks - that don’t immediately kill non-targeted fish or other marine animals. This doesn’t mean you never can eat fish that’s caught with a long line – that’s what the detailed seafood guides are for – it’s just information that you can&nbsp;take into account when you want to eat big, wild-caught fish. So&nbsp;what about farmed fish – like this salmon? Catching wild fish used to be the dominant way to get to fish. But Aquaculture seafood production has recently overtaken wild catch, its growth accelerated mostly by farms in China, India and Indonesia. But farming big fish in open pens in marine environments has its own host of problems. Many farmed fish like salmon are mostly carnivores – meaning they need to be fed fish. Estimates vary, but around ten to twenty percent of all wild-caught fish may have been used to feed farmed seafood. On top of that, if the fish farms are not managed well, pesticides, antibiotics, food waste as well as fish excrement can poison the environment. The spread of diseases to and from wild populations, as well as parasites are also major problems. But omnivorous fish – like tilapia, carp, catfish or pangasius can, if managed well – be farmed more sustainably. They can eat plant-based feed and can be farmed in bigger ponds or lakes in a more natural environment. But sustainable management is still the exception in emerging and developing countries where aquaculture is concentrated. The most sustainable form of aquaculture is shellfish farming – like mussels, oysters or clams. They require little feed, filter the water and are very fast-growing. So&nbsp;if you want to be on the safe side, that’s the farmed seafood to go for. With one exception: Farmed shrimp and prawn – a lot of which contributes massively to environmental degradation, not to mention social injustice. "I know that a large percentage, if not most shrimp is red rated and the industry has some serious problems." One way, we are told, that we can make sure that the food we eat is not responsible for&nbsp;all of&nbsp;these problems – is to look out for certifications. There is the Marine Stewardship Council label – MSC – long seen as the gold standard of sustainable wild-caught seafood. Then there’s the aquaculture Stewardship Council label – ASC. Or the dolphin safe tuna label. Let’s have a look at the MSC. It is the most widely accepted certification, covering about 15 percent of the market. This one's particular interesting, so it has a MSC label and it even says it's a 100% sustainable. But it's caught with bottom-trawling. How does that go together? Basically. "We don't consider only the gear type to determine whether or not&nbsp;sustainability is possible, any fishery will have some level of impact." This is Michael&nbsp;Mariott, MSC program manager for Africa, Middle East and South Asia. "The question is whether or not that impact can be managed within tolerable limits." The MSC looks at three principles: Whether the targeted stock is overfished, what impact the fishing has on the wider ecosystem, and the strength of the fisheries management. But the MSC has seen criticism – for example for certifying fisheries with a high percentage of bycatch. "When these fisheries have bycatch, maybe they may need to report it, but they can just throw it overboard without anyone noticing it." This is Frank&nbsp;Wijen, who co-authored a study on the controversy surrounding the Marine Stewardship Council. "There have been observations that several adopters did not scrupulously comply with MSC arrangements." "We don't expect fisheries to have zero bycatch. I think that would be unrealistic for most, if not all, commercial fishing. But MSC certified fisheries are expected to provide evidence that they're reducing, that they&nbsp;are mitigating&nbsp;their bycatch impacts." So that means – if you have the MSC label, you can’t always be sure it’s really sustainable. But in more cases than not, it is better than a non-certified seafood. At least if you are in the North American or European region. There are many regional labels that have good standards – but also labels that are given by the industry, without any independent certification. So&nbsp;read up if you want to make sure they mean anything. Ok I know this a hell of a lot to process. Labels can be good, but they are not always. Food produced in aquaculture can be good but not always. And to be honest, a lot of this information is quite hard to come by if you're an average consumer. Especially if you’re not cooking from scratch. So&nbsp;here are some rules of thumb that the experts gave me. "If you want to minimize the impact or the pressure on the ocean it's also to diversify, it's to eat from a broader palette." "If you can be more adventurous in your seafood consumption, that's a good thing. Work some shellfish in your diet, try a sustainable source of tilapia or another farmed fish. There's a lot of other good seafood out there. We just have to expand our horizons." Eating smaller fish that repopulate faster like anchovies, sardines or small mackerels that are fished sustainably rather than only eating the bigger fish is a way to take some pressure off the bigger, popular species. "Just asking where your fish comes from. It actually shows that you care whether you're in a restaurant or in a shop." "When I go to a restaurant and they don't know, that's a red flag. They should know a little bit of information. If there is a good vegetarian option, go for that, if not, get the fish and do a little more research before you go out next time." "Do you know where [the salmon] is from? Is it raised in aquaculture?" So they didn’t know where the fish was from. They said the tuna may be bluefin tuna, so I stayed far away from that. I got something vegetarian. Very good! "Sometimes the unintended effect of using standards could be that we think that, oh, sustainability has been covered so I can eat as much as I like. But it surely should not be a sort of a free ticket towards consuming as much as you would like to consume." Some suggest that the only way to go is to eat no seafood at all. And that's a powerful option. But it's not viable for vast parts of the world’s population who rely on it for food security or for their income. The much bigger problem is the overconsumption of seafood in the global north. For those of us who are lucky enough to pick and choose – eating less seafood and caring more about where it comes from is a step in the right direction. So this whole story got so much more complicated than I thought it would. Did this help you decide what to eat? What else would you like to know about eating sustainably? Pleas let&nbsp;us&nbsp;know&nbsp;in&nbsp;the&nbsp;comments. We post videos like this every friday!

  Top Comments:
  1. @jonny_81 [1 likes]: Overfishing  is a crime  and must stop by force !!
  2. @alecferguson1004 [1 likes]: Tilapia is NOT GOOD. 10:30 he says to try it and you absolutely should not. Tilapia are farmed in ponds that allow for pigs to mingle in and poop. The tilapia eat the poop and are subjected to salmonella which then gets sent off to us. DO NOT EAT TILAPIA. This info is from A Review of Salmonella sp.  in Tilapia fish (Oreochromis 
niloticus) : Public Health Importance. It is a scholarly article with intensive research.
  3. @chrilin5107 [1 likes]: 8.06 approx "the marine stewardship" man should be ashamed...sustainable bottom destruction of whole swaths of ecosystems 😖🤥😡 AND THEY GIVE THEIR LABELLING 😯🤯🧐
  4. @eschwarz1003: whelp, guess Im gonna have some tofu, pasture eggs, beans or something. argh
  5. @yankeesguy-z4g: I need to write an essay about this?!?!?!?!
  6. @Hurra21: How can you suggest eating fish can be ethical?
  7. @Hurra21: Just don't eat feeling beings.
  8. @Tiahna_Israel: Here's a solution....follow the dietary laws in Leviticus
  9. @Theclubfootcyclist: Seaspiracy and Attenboroughs Ocean are chock full of misinformation. They all throw the word overfishing into almost every sentence they possibly can. The fact is, no fish species will ever disappear because of overfishing. Fishing vessels are commercial enterprises. If they cant catch enough fish they go bust. Fish repopulate, and if there is a scarcity of fish there is an abundance of feed, which means they will repopulate very quickly. 
However, too many fish is a cause for concern. Too many fish means pressure on feed. When the feed becomes scarce the fish stop growing. They become underweight, unhealthy and their reproductive organs eventually fail.
Another problem with too many fish is the one we have seen with North Atlantic Mackerel. The stock was so abundant that they were eating vast quantities of Cod Larvae. This brought about a decline in North Atlantic Cod. NGO's and the media, as usual, blamed the shortage of Cod on overfishing. When it was exactly the opposite - too many fish. ICES scientists recommended a 500,000 ton increase in the Mackerel quota to try and recruit more Cod into the system. 
As of now, its estimated that 90% of the worlds fisheries are at maximum sustainable level. This means we are taking the most we possibly can out of the sea to keep fish stocks as they are. NGO's will say this is a bad thing and we need to have more fish in the sea, but do we really? More fish in the sea will lead to more pressure on feed and more fish larvae being eaten.

Eat what you like, by the way Blue Fin Tuna is no longer endangered.
  10. @DUBAIJAMESKING: 🦈 is 🔥🔥🔥
  11. @xbm41: not we, its china
  12. @ayokunmiolaoluwam: I never knew sea foods can be as this dangerous too
  13. @S.Alj97: In my opinion I think this can be in the hand of the industry to change people perspective when it comes to fish especially to big fish like tuna, salmon kingfish and many more I think many companies can make a boneless canned disk of white fish meat similar to canned tuna or canned salmon and instead of naming it canned boneless sardines it can be names boneless white fish chunks of steaks I think it will be more appealing sold next to the canned tuna and salmon people will be more drawn to trying it
  14. @based_bigf00t: I absolutely LOVE seafood. But overfishing and not to mention overpricing is insane. This is why I would 100% rather catch my fish myself than buy it, and do it responsibly. Overfishing is not a hard thing to solve, it just takes balls that politicians don’t have to solve it. Setting proper regulations is not hard, such as shortening seasons and setting size limits but most importantly SIZE LIMITS ON BIGGER FISH. Obviously we need limits so people aren’t eating baby fish but we also need limits when a fish reaches a certain size to protect the biodiversity of our fisheries. Say a bass reaches 8+ or 10+ pounds. In my opinion, you should legally have to throw it back, and doing so keeps from taking out the genetics to make bigger, healthier fish. Same goes for any species, not just bass obviously. Our priorities should be the long term health of our fisheries and not companies. This is not a hard problem, the only reason it’s hard is because politicians love money more than anything.
  15. @shorton6707: Make it simple. Eat seafood certified by the BAP (Best Aquaculture Practices) or the ASC (Aquaculture Stewarship Council). These groups are in the field, certifying farms and processing plants. They have rigorous standards for quality and sustainability. Monterrey Bay never leave their offices.
  16. @наш_путь: Clams do NOT require feed
  17. @str8cndian: I live in Canada and our Fuhrer Trudeau and the great liberal party of Canada is going to transition us from eating fish to eating zee bugs.  In fact we are now starting to farm crickets and meal worms.  C;mon people.. get with the times and help us get too a sustainable future!
  18. @notyou000: Herbalife is sustainable aswell neighborhood 😅
  19. @chriswatson3464: Go for vegetarian oysters and mussels.
  20. @maruskaurbanova: Why don't you just literally not eat fish at all. The best way to save the ocean is to stop taking its residents. I'm sorry but this is just so crazy. Justifying eating fish here in europe and america, just because some poorer countries depend on it. The best solution is to just not eat these animals. And animals in general. You also completely missed the ethical part of  fishing. Taking any species of fish from the ocean (endangered or not) is destructive for the ecosystem. I just cannot express my frustration with  the way of thinking that we can still continue eat the things that we do, we just call them sustainable. This makes me sad. Please think about the philosophy that you are advocating more.

- The High-Tech Future of Sustainable Fishing: Kind: captions Language: en [♪ INTRO] Over the past couple hundred years, we’ve become a little bit&nbsp; too good at catching fish. As a result, we’ve completely&nbsp; transformed the oceans. A 2021 study estimated that we have reduced the mass of fish in the sea by 60% since 1800. But advances in technology don’t have&nbsp; to be exclusively bad news for fish. They can also help make&nbsp; fisheries more sustainable. A sustainable fishery means the&nbsp; fish population can be maintained, even if we’re catching a&nbsp; certain amount every year. This means fishers need to be&nbsp; selective about what they catch, scientists need to monitor the ecosystem,&nbsp; and everyone needs to play by the rules. And technology can help us do all of that. So here are three ways that new&nbsp; tech can be a fish’s best friend! When fishers are trying to catch one species, they often end up getting others along the way. This is called bycatch, and it makes up&nbsp; around 10% of all fish caught globally. It’s a big problem. You can’t limit the number of&nbsp; fish taken out of an ecosystem if you can’t control which fish are caught. The worst case scenario is that those unintended catches could be protected species. The key to reducing this is to&nbsp; make fishing tools more selective. But dragging a net through the water to capture one type of fish and not another&nbsp; is easier said than done. One promising solution is to actually install&nbsp; little illuminated exit signs in the nets. We know that different species of&nbsp; fish respond to light differently. It can signal food or danger,&nbsp; and the responses can vary depending on the light’s properties. The intensity, color, flashing rate, and even polarization of light can&nbsp; all affect fish behavior. Fishers have used lights to attract&nbsp; fish, but studies have found that carefully placed LEDs can also help&nbsp; fish find their way out of a net. A 2020 study placed LEDs on the areas of&nbsp; scallop nets where the mesh was wider, and designed to let the unintended catch out. In certain scenarios, like deeper water, the exit lights reduced&nbsp; bycatch by between 25 and 47%! And a 2015 study found that lights on the line of a shrimp&nbsp; trawler had similar results. They saw a 91% reduction in bycatch, and they still caught as much shrimp&nbsp; as they did without the lights. So it’s clear that light signals can have a&nbsp; powerful effect on specific species of fish, but it’s also not simple. When the researchers changed the position&nbsp; of the lights on the shrimp nets, it increased the bycatch. Which means we need to be careful,&nbsp; and learn about what kinds of lights affect what species and in what ways,&nbsp; in order to use them effectively. Now sustainable fishing is all about&nbsp; catching the right number of fish. Too many, and the population can decline. Overfishing can even lead to the&nbsp; sudden collapse of an entire ecosystem. But it isn’t easy to count every fish in the sea. We don’t even have basic data&nbsp; for over 80% of fish stocks. One idea is to bring in some help… in&nbsp; the form of artificial intelligence. Increasingly, fishing boats are required to have cameras onboard to film what they catch. This provides valuable data, but it takes a lot of person-power to review those tapes. So scientists have developed systems&nbsp; that use AI to automatically count, identify, and measure the&nbsp; fish that go past a camera. This tells them about how the ecosystem is doing, monitors bycatch, and helps&nbsp; enforce laws and regulations. Systems like these aren’t yet&nbsp; in widespread use anywhere, but they definitely have potential to&nbsp; help us understand what’s being caught. And AI could also help us count&nbsp; fish without catching them. For example, by analyzing footage from&nbsp; underwater drones or stationary cameras. This is particularly valuable as it can count young fish that are too small to be caught, so we can see how many fish will&nbsp; grow up to become adults soon. One of the most important aspects&nbsp; of managing a sustainable fishery is ensuring that enough young&nbsp; fish grow up to be adults, even if a lot of those adults are caught. A 2020 study attempted to use a&nbsp; deep learning program to count young mangrove snappers in&nbsp; over 12 hours of video footage, and achieved 95% of the&nbsp; accuracy of a human viewer! Of course fisheries management is only&nbsp; effective if the rules are actually followed. The ocean is a big place and in some cases,&nbsp; it’s all too easy to cheat the system. It’s estimated that illegal,&nbsp; unregulated, and unreported fishing makes up 30% of catches globally. This can undermine the&nbsp; sustainability of entire fisheries. A big part of the solution is to improve the&nbsp; traceability of the seafood supply chain. That lets you know the fish you&nbsp; purchase was caught legally, in a sustainable way, and it is actually&nbsp; the type of fish it’s being labeled as. And it turns out, that’s a big problem. A 2019 report found that 21%&nbsp; of fish in the United States were not actually the species&nbsp; they were being sold as. So one idea is to use blockchain:&nbsp; a decentralized electronic database most commonly known for powering cryptocurrencies. You might be tempted to roll your eyes at that, but there’s a surprising amount of serious&nbsp; consideration being given to this idea. The advantage is it isn’t controlled&nbsp; by a single organization or country, and it’s very difficult to hack since there&nbsp; isn’t a single point where records are kept. So the plan is to tag the fish as they’re&nbsp; caught with either an RFID tag or QR code that is scanned at every step in the&nbsp; process from the boat to your plate. It’s already been used in&nbsp; pilot projects to track tuna. And one day, this could even&nbsp; be directly connected to the AI systems we mentioned earlier,&nbsp; which would record the fish being caught to automate and verify the data being entered. But there are still lots of details to work out. In particular, blockchains tend to&nbsp; be notoriously energy-intensive. And a system that tracks sustainable fishing isn’t much good if it requires an&nbsp; unsustainable amount of electricity! So improving our world’s fisheries is a&nbsp; huge undertaking with no easy solution. There are a ton of promising&nbsp; high-tech ideas on the horizon, but we still have a long way to go. These technologies can be&nbsp; expensive, and implementing them requires governments and fishers to work together. But despite these challenges,&nbsp; sustainable fisheries are an important step towards&nbsp; improving the health of our oceans. Thanks for watching this episode of SciShow, and thanks as always to the coolest&nbsp; kids on the block: our patrons. Your generous support makes it possible for us to bring these videos to everyone, for free. If you’d like to get involved, you can&nbsp; get started at patreon.com/scishow. [♪ OUTRO]

  Top Comments:
  1. @moritz7179 [4 likes]: It's pretty sad that many humans still want to believe changing a bit of technology would help nature to recover. History tells us that this is just not going to happen. There is one extremely simple and free alternative to this that will definitely help: less fishing
  2. @vegahimsa [1 likes]: No such thing as sustainable fishing when the human population is as large as it is
  3. @zingniko [1 likes]: Maybe instead of trying to invet techniques that might help us catch fish more sustainable, we should just not fish at all? People always try to keep their habits no matter what until it´s too late... Just so everyone can eat fish everyday
  4. @Waddleeee [1 likes]: Please go vegan :) fish are feeling and intelligent Earthlings who don't want to die.
  5. @darkangelprincess101 [1 likes]: We could just stop fishing. Seriously, we don't need to eat fish
  6. @Merennulli: We really need a large stick wrapped in a small amount of foam so that it's not lethal. We can then use that to smack anyone who refers to brokechain as if it were meaningful in any way towards solving a problem. (Using "brokechain" instead of the term that brokechain cultists prefer because 1. it's a solution looking for a problem rather than actually useful technology, and 2. bots key off that word.)

What brokechain does that they are wanting here is a procedurally generated non-sequential identifier and a database. Your fish is only going to be tagged with an ID, effectively just a large number, which would be generated by some procedure that ensures it's neither repeating nor sequential. Not being sequential is so that people can't just tag their fish with a number they expect the system to generate in the future.

Brokechain does this by working out difficult math problems and assigning the resulting large number to a fish. Unfortunately for this plan, there is nothing stopping an illegal fishery from reading a blockchain's data and randomly assigning existing ID to their fish, which is why decentralization is NOT what you want in an accountability database. An accountability database needs the data to be accessible only via comparison. In a database this is typically done by hashing a value, encrypting it in a way that is not reversible. Then you apply the same hash to the value you want to check and make sure the result matches what you stored. 

The only current way to break a hash is to have access to the hashing algorithm and generate a large number of comparison samples, which is infeasible for large values. This is why they aren't considered to be particularly vulnerable to quantum computing, nor to most realistic attacks. But critically, the other half of breaking a hash is that you actually have to have the stored hash. When you hear of a breach where people's data is stolen from a hashed database, that usually involves a very large database (called Rainbow Tables) of pre-hashed common text values to compare against the stolen hash. The longer the text strings, the more difficult this becomes (which is why you should be using 16+ characters, not 8).

Brokechain would record the value in a hash as well, but it's giving the hash and the hashing algorithm to everyone. That means nobody has to breach any system to start working against the hash. And importantly, they don't need a specific value out of the chain, they only need to break ANY number. With roughly 1 trillion individual fish being caught annually, they only need to guess and confirm via hash checking a few thousand per operation per year. While your fish brokechain is churning feverishly to calculate a specific value, they can spam numbers in the expected range far faster with far cheaper equipment until they stumble upon one that matches an existing hashed value.

And because you're relying on brokechain to ensure uniqueness, you have to do this as part of your node generation. For each of the 1 trillion fish. If you don't rely on it for uniqueness, people can generate their own illegal fish IDs in the system using a stolen hash value from a random fishing regulatory body and you'd just have to rely on "trust me, bro" to tell if their registry is real or not within the system. That means even with the smaller impact brokechain designs being used now, the processing power required is going to be insane for something that can be broken by brute force.

We have plenty of centralized systems that do this job FAR better in regulating things like banking transactions on global markets. Those operating illegally don't have access to the hashes outside of breaches, and when a breach occurs, the relevant data can be changed and rehashed to prevent ongoing exploitation.

And that's without getting into future proofing. Right now, brokechain is scrambling to adopt "post-quantum cryptography" options out of fear that growing available of quantum computers will leave them vulnerable. This isn't the first time cryptographic technology has had to scramble because smart people with improved technology found a way around it, and it won't be the last. Being public and decentralized sounds good in the democratizing feel of those words, but in practice it means that you can't hide things away while you're trying to fix them and you can't replace them without everyone seeing what you did and having an inroad into breaking your newest protection. You can make things secure with open technology, and open source does some wonderful things with this. But storing your DATA openly is not the same.

I described brokechain as a "solution looking for a problem" because fundamentally it does a thing that you don't actually want done when you actually think about it. It doesn't democratize things by decentralizing data processing and authority, it just mislabels "I did a thing with my expensive computer" as "authority". It doesn't protect data because the encryption is more vulnerable than proprietary data. And it doesn't ensure agreement over a transaction history, it merely mislabels "first" as if it means "true". All of the things it purports to do are no more true than a politician using stock phrases like "family values". Those of us who actually work in IT have been warning you for years that it's digital snake oil.
  7. @DazedLogic: I very rarely eat any seafood.
  8. @keirinboyes4419: I really hope countrys crack down on by catch. My buddy is halibut fisher they use long fishing line, but they know that the trawlers can catch 10s of thousand of pounds of halibut in one day most if it being by catch that dies and just gets thrown over board its a serious problem
  9. @Erik-pu4mj: 5:03 Had you not mentioned this, I was about to comment it. Well done.
  10. @Direwreck: China: we don’t do that here
  11. @DiegoMarxWeiller: Every sentence that comes out of your mount is wrong, 30% should be your estimate of legal fishing my dude, i worked fishing once and let me tell you, we know even the time at which the coast guard changes shift, the range of their radar, and were to go to avoid it.
  12. @DiegoMarxWeiller: "not in widespread use" im sorry but you meant, no one uses.
  13. @delesslingeorge-warren6737: Two critiques from a citizen of Catawba Nation which has been sustainably fishing our River for millennia. 1. “Over the last X years we have gotten a little too good at catching fish” I know this is was a rhetorical argument but still, the very fact that this video was made means that “we” have gotten significantly worse at fishing. 2. At most these solutions can only address half the problem. Sustainable fishing requires (at least) another aspect which is protecting and growing the landscape. Love what you all do, but when considering the question of “sustainable XYZ” maybe first turn towards Traditional Ecological Knowledge and consider how indigenous/land-based communities have solved this problem over thousands of years. Hawu!
  14. @vincentSD1: By catch lights unintentionally attracts a giant squid.
  15. @Willox00: I can see the target fish adapting to the lights, resulting in inefficient hauls
  16. @heinrichpeters9970: I am very excited about how I got rid of my HSV with the help of Dr. Odion's herbal treatment. https://youtube.com/channel/UCLJPudFNpftjjnmFkkPGt7g
I am so glad that I came across Dr.Odion YouTube channel. 💯
  17. @sugarrookieart: Registering fish on the blockchain... no
  18. @AngryKittens: "Everyone needs to play by the rules."
HAH. Good luck telling China that. If they can't fish illegally in another country's EEZ, they just claim to own that EEZ.
  19. @JasonB808: Fishing Captain = Yeah we caught 91% less by catch using fancy lights. 

Fishing crew member = Didn’t we ..

Captain = 🤫🤫🤫
  20. @bruskydu: Ohh Blockchain. So we getting NFT fish now?

- This Is A Sustainable Fish: Kind: captions Language: en this is a fish some fish are wild which means a fisherman caught them out of the ocean other fish are farmed which means they were raised in an enclosed aquaculture system like a cow Farm but in the water and they're endless fish in the sea right wrong let's start with the Wild Ones wild fish are being caught in a way that cannot last 85% of the world's Fisheries are currently being overt taxed meaning wild fish are being caught at a fast rate than they can reproduce here's another problem that comes up with wild fish some fishing methods catch all kinds of additional sea life that end up dying as a result this is called by catch for instance trolls get dragged along the ocean floor disrupting the ecosystem and catching sea turtles and unwanted fish long lines snag tons of innocent by catch as well these methods are definitely not sustainable a Wildfish is sustainable if it's caught in a way that doesn't threaten the long-term survival of it species or the ecosystem it's a part of hook and line fishing harpooning and some uses of traps are often more sustainable methods of catching fish with these methods by catch is minimal and unwanted Fish can be released okay so now let's talk about fish farms seems like they're happy places right well not always some farmed rais fish are from poorly run Fish Farms they pollute the oceans with their waste they also risk releasing their fish into the wild and since Farm fish are often genetic Ally different from wild fish this can change the wild populations and upset the natural ecosystem a sustainable Farm is careful about keeping their fish separate from Wild populations what they feed their fish and what they're putting in the ocean so you're partial to your sushi but you don't want to be a selfish jerk what can you do well if you're going to eat fish make sure it's sustainable sustainability is on a fish by fish basis so being responsible takes a little bit of work but it's worth it here's how you find some sustainable fish without having to memorize a long list of options first check the label for farmed fish look for the aquaculture Stewardship Council logo and for wild fish look for the Marine Stewardship Council logo next try to shop at supermarkets that only stock fish from responsible farms and Fisheries the best options are Whole Foods Safeway Wagman's and Trader Joe's finally download monter Bay aquarium's app Seafood watch then when you shop you can enter the name of any fish and know whether or not to buy it this is a sustainable fish let's keep it that way

  Top Comments:
  1. @shinygreen3993 [14 likes]: I’m showing this as part as a presentation in school and the first words the video came out with was “this is a fish”. My class found that funny and my teacher is mad I disrupted the lesson
  2. @adrianacroftogren2508 [13 likes]: Asc and msc is not sustanible fish. Look at the new documentery from Ali (sea spiracy) LOOK AT IT! Skip fish! And go for plantbased options!
  3. @xweetokfairy [12 likes]: Or alternatively, don't eat fish.
  4. @roganclunie1229 [8 likes]: msc and asc have recently been scrutinised for the propaganda they pump out
  5. @ketchup2147 [6 likes]: Despite sustainable seafood being the best option, it’s not, both non sustainable and sustainable are not the actual solution for the ocean and for the planet, I’ll give Seaspiracy a watch on Netflix and you’ll understand why sustainable seafood is not an option.
  6. @pinkiepinkster8395 [4 likes]: Let's close down the oceans and leave the fish alone.
  7. @lynne8425 [3 likes]: This video is so full of bullshit it reeks!  There is NO such thing as sustainable fish!
  8. @PeacewithRhys [2 likes]: Remember we have another option and that is to eat plant based; the most sustainable diet there is.
  9. @vnarayan18 [2 likes]: how is this channel verified?
  10. @Rick_Sanchez_C137_ [1 likes]: Chinese fishing boats go wherever they want and catch whatever they want, ignoring treaties and local laws, and then take their catch home…. Until the governments tell China to leave their fleet in their own waters or get sunk, the planet has no chance…..
  11. @vpmoudgill [1 likes]: Checkout Netflix documentary "Seaspiracy" and you will know the reality of Sustainability Label "being sold" without any positive impact on environment.
  12. @suburbohemian: That fish is way too happy for the subject matter!
  13. @whatisaidxyearsagoisprblydumb: man. this is depressing. i was hoping to find an alternative to land animal meat because i figured there would be a material benefit to not supporting industrial slaughter practices. and at the same time finding a financially sustainable source of food, so i dont have to go hungry all the time. i don’t im . im so tired of going hungry all the time im so tired. im im tired im it i me tired.
  14. @captainwull: The issue we have in the North Sea and North Atlantic is not declining populations of fish, its exactly the opposite. We have too much fish and not enough feed in the sea to support it. 
You only have to do a scale test on a Haddock to find that Haddock in the North Sea are seriously underweight. A four year old Haddock in Iceland weighs between 1.5 and 2 kilos. A four year old North Sea Haddock weigh between 400 and 500 grams.
The decommissioning of hundreds of UK and European Fishing vessels, along with drastic quota cuts in the last 20 years has led to fish populations spiraling out of control. 

The base chain of feed starts with Phytoplankton, a microscopic Plankton that depends on Sunlight, much in the same way as the leaves on trees depend on sunlight. They are the food that bigger Plankton eat, which small fish then feed on and then bigger fish feed on them etc etc. When you have too many of one species, which is the case with Haddock, the whole chain breaks down. 

Fishermen ARE the custodians of the sea, you guys need realize this.They need to be allowed to catch more in order for us to have a healthy stock. Fish are starving, eventually they will be come infertile and stop spawning. Then you will have a real problem on your hands.

You also showed Prawns in a trap. These traps can decimate the Prawn population. This is because Female Prawns very seldom come out of their Burrows, whereas male Prawns are out foraging most of their lives, so when a Prawn trawler fishes an area most of the prawns they catch are Males. Prawn Trawling is very inefficient, a typical Prawn Trawler will only Catch 20% of the Prawns they Trawl over. When we have done a survey of Prawn Creels the male to female ration is almost 50-50. 
Female prawns can store male sperm inside their shells for 3 reproduction cycles after mating, so catching Male Prawns is not an issue.

And by the way,  I worked in fisheries and marine science for almost 40 years. I actually do know what I'm talking about.
  15. @zwiz77: Albertsons and Safeway actually have a good fish?
  16. @Esmeleahx: are you american ?
  17. @camcambambam5128: Man I hate trawlers with a passion, had one hit my honey hole yearly this year and it’s now a wasteland
  18. @purpleXpotion: How is it that desirable fish are in danger of going extinct without even trying.. yet it remains impossible to make pesky mosquitos go extinct on purpose? 🤔
  19. @kenshewga7383: Wow ok
  20. @sophiaashlin: im only here from my class work i have no clue what the actual point of this

- 6 big ethical questions about the future of AI | Genevieve Bell: Kind: captions Language: en Let me tell you a story about artificial intelligence. There's a building in Sydney at 1 Bligh Street. It houses lots of government apartments and busy people. From the outside, it looks like something out of American science fiction: all gleaming glass and curved lines, and a piece of orange sculpture. On the inside, it has excellent coffee on the ground floor and my favorite lifts in Sydney. They're beautiful; they look almost alive. And it turns out I'm fascinated with lifts. For lots of reasons. But because lifts are one of the places you can see the future. In the 21st century, lifts are interesting because they're one of the first places that AI will touch you without you even knowing it happened. In many buildings all around the world, the lifts are running a set of algorithms. A form of protoartificial intelligence. That means before you even walk up to the lift to press the button, it's anticipated you being there. It's already rearranging all the carriages. Always going down, to save energy, and to know where the traffic is going to be. By the time you've actually pressed the button, you're already part of an entire system that's making sense of people and the environment and the building and the built world. I know when we talk about AI, we often talk about a world of robots. It's easy for our imaginations to be occupied with science fiction, well, over the last 100 years. I say AI and you think "The Terminator." Somewhere, for us, making the connection between AI and the built world, that's a harder story to tell. But the reality is AI is already everywhere around us. And in many places. It's in buildings and in systems. More than 200 years of industrialization suggest that AI will find its way to systems-level scale relatively easily. After all, one telling of that history suggests that all you have to do is find a technology, achieve scale and revolution will follow. The story of mechanization, automation and digitization all point to the role of technology and its importance. Those stories of technological transformation make scale seem, well, normal. Or expected. And stable. And sometimes even predictable. But it also puts the focus squarely on technology and technology change. But I believe that scaling a technology and building a system requires something more. We founded the 3Ai Institute at the Australian National University in September 2017. It has one deceptively simple mission: to establish a new branch of engineering to take AI safely, sustainably and responsibly to scale. But how do you build a new branch of engineering in the 21st century? Well, we're teaching it into existence through an experimental education program. We're researching it into existence with locations as diverse as Shakespeare's birthplace, the Great Barrier Reef, not to mention one of Australia's largest autonomous mines. And we're theorizing it into existence, paying attention to the complexities of cybernetic systems. We're working to build something new and something useful. Something to create the next generation of critical thinkers and critical doers. And we're doing all of that through a richer understanding of AI's many pasts and many stories. And by working collaboratively and collectively through teaching and research and engagement, and by focusing as much on the framing of the questions as the solving of the problems. We're not making a single AI, we're making the possibilities for many. And we're actively working to decolonize our imaginations and to build a curriculum and a pedagogy that leaves room for a range of different conversations and possibilities. We are making and remaking. And I know we're always a work in progress. But here's a little glimpse into how we're approaching that problem of scaling a future. We start by making sure we're grounded in our own history. In December of 2018, I took myself up to the town of Brewarrina on the New South Wales-Queensland border. This place was a meeting place for Aboriginal people, for different groups, to gather, have ceremonies, meet, to be together. There, on the Barwon River, there's a set of fish weirs that are one of the oldest and largest systems of Aboriginal fish traps in Australia. This system is comprised of 1.8 kilometers of stone walls shaped like a series of fishnets with the "Us" pointing down the river, allowing fish to be trapped at different heights of the water. They're also fish holding pens with different-height walls for storage, designed to change the way the water moves and to be able to store big fish and little fish and to keep those fish in cool, clear running water. This fish-trap system was a way to ensure that you could feed people as they gathered there in a place that was both a meeting of rivers and a meeting of cultures. It isn't about the rocks or even the traps per se. It is about the system that those traps created. One that involves technical knowledge, cultural knowledge and ecological knowledge. This system is old. Some archaeologists think it's as old as 40,000 years. The last time we have its recorded uses is in the nineteen teens. It's had remarkable longevity and incredible scale. And it's an inspiration to me. And a photo of the weir is on our walls here at the Institute, to remind us of the promise and the challenge of building something meaningful. And to remind us that we're building systems in a place where people have built systems and sustained those same systems for generations. It isn't just our history, it's our legacy as we seek to establish a new branch of engineering. To build on that legacy and our sense of purpose, I think we need a clear framework for asking questions about the future. Questions for which there aren't ready or easy answers. Here, the point is the asking of the questions. We believe you need to go beyond the traditional approach of problem-solving, to the more complicated one of question asking and question framing. Because in so doing, you open up all kinds of new possibilities and new challenges. For me, right now, there are six big questions that frame our approach for taking AI safely, sustainably Questions about autonomy, agency, assurance, indicators, interfaces and intentionality. The first question we ask is a simple one. Is the system autonomous? Think back to that lift on Bligh Street. The reality is, one day, that lift may be autonomous. Which is to say it will be able to act without being told to act. But it isn't fully autonomous, right? It can't leave that Bligh Street building and wonder down to Circular Quay for a beer. It goes up and down, that's all. But it does it by itself. It's autonomous in that sense. The second question we ask: does this system have agency? Does this system have controls and limits that live somewhere that prevent it from doing certain kinds of things under certain conditions. The reality with lifts, that's absolutely the case. Think of any lift you've been in. There's a red keyslot in the elevator carriage that an emergency services person can stick a key into and override the whole system. But what happens when that system is AI-driven? Where does the key live? Is it a physical key, is it a digital key? Who gets to use it? Is that the emergency services people? And how would you know if that was happening? How would all of that be manifested to you in the lift? The third question we ask is how do we think about assurance. How do we think about all of its pieces: safety, security, trust, risk, liability, manageability, explicability, ethics, public policy, law, regulation? And how would we tell you that the system was safe and functioning? The fourth question we ask is what would be our interfaces with these AI-driven systems. Will we talk to them? Will they talk to us, will they talk to each other? And what will it mean to have a series of technologies we've known, for some of us, all our lives, now suddenly behave in entirely different ways? Lifts, cars, the electrical grid, traffic lights, things in your home. The fifth question for these AI-driven systems: What will the indicators be to show that they're working well? Two hundred years of the industrial revolution tells us that the two most important ways to think about a good system are productivity and efficiency. In the 21st century, you might want to expand that just a little bit. Is the system sustainable, is it safe, is it responsible? Who gets to judge those things for us? Users of the systems would want to understand how these things are regulated, managed and built. And then there's the final, perhaps most critical question that you need to ask of these new AI systems. What's its intent? What's the system designed to do and who said that was a good idea? Or put another way, what is the world that this system is building, how is that world imagined, and what is its relationship to the world we live in today? Who gets to be part of that conversation? Who gets to articulate it? How does it get framed and imagined? There are no simple answers to these questions. Instead, they frame what's possible and what we need to imagine, design, build, regulate and even decommission. They point us in the right directions and help us on a path to establish But critical questions aren't enough. You also need a way of holding all those questions together. For us at the Institute, we're also really interested in how to think about AI as a system, and where and how to draw the boundaries of that system. And those feel like especially important things right now. Here, we're influenced by the work that was started way back in the 1940s. In 1944, along with anthropologists Gregory Bateson and Margaret Mead, mathematician Norbert Wiener convened a series of conversations that would become known as the Macy Conferences on Cybernetics. Ultimately, between 1946 and 1953, ten conferences were held under the banner of cybernetics. As defined by Norbert Wiener, cybernetics sought to "develop a language and techniques that will enable us to indeed attack the problem of control and communication in advanced computing technologies." Cybernetics argued persuasively that one had to think about the relationship between humans, computers and the broader ecological world. You had to think about them as a holistic system. Participants in the Macy Conferences were concerned with how the mind worked, with ideas about intelligence and learning, and about the role of technology in our future. Sadly, the conversations that started with the Macy Conference are often forgotten when the talk is about AI. But for me, there's something really important to reclaim here about the idea of a system that has to accommodate culture, technology and the environment. At the Institute, that sort of systems thinking is core to our work. Over the last three years, a whole collection of amazing people have joined me here on this crazy journey to do this work. Our staff includes anthropologists, systems and environmental engineers, and computer scientists as well as a nuclear physicist, an award-winning photo journalist, and at least one policy and standards expert. It's a heady mix. And the range of experience and expertise is powerful, as are the conflicts and the challenges. Being diverse requires a constant willingness to find ways to hold people in conversation. And to dwell just a little bit with the conflict. We also worked out early that the way to build a new way of doing things would require a commitment to bringing others along on that same journey with us. So we opened our doors to an education program very quickly, and we launched our first master's program in 2018. Since then, we've had two cohorts of master's students and one cohort of PhD students. Our students come from all over the world and all over life. Australia, New Zealand, Nigeria, Nepal, Mexico, India, the United States. And they range in age from 23 to 60. They variously had backgrounds in maths and music, policy and performance, systems and standards, architecture and arts. Before they joined us at the Institute, they ran companies, they worked for government, served in the army, taught high school, and managed arts organizations. They were adventurers and committed to each other, and to building something new. And really, what more could you ask for? Because although I've spent 20 years in Silicon Valley and I know the stories about the lone inventor and the hero's journey, I also know the reality. That it's never just a hero's journey. It's always a collection of people who have a shared sense of purpose who can change the world. So where do you start? Well, I think you start where you stand. And for me, that means I want to acknowledge the traditional owners of the land upon which I'm standing. The Ngunnawal and Ngambri people, this is their land, never ceded, always sacred. And I pay my respects to the elders, past and present, of this place. I also acknowledge that we're gathering today in many other places, and I pay my respects to the traditional owners and elders of all those places too. It means a lot to me to get to say those words and to dwell on what they mean and signal. And to remember that we live in a country that has been continuously occupied for at least 60,000 years. Aboriginal people built worlds here, they built social systems, they built technologies. They built ways to manage this place and to manage it remarkably over a protracted period of time. And every moment any one of us stands on a stage as Australians, here or abroad, we carry with us a privilege and a responsibility because of that history. And it's not just a history. It's also an incredibly rich set of resources, worldviews and knowledge. And it should run through all of our bones and it should be the story we always tell. Ultimately, it's about thinking differently, asking different kinds of questions, looking holistically at the world and the systems, and finding other people who want to be on that journey with you. Because for me, the only way to actually think about the future and scale is to always be doing it collectively. And because for me, the notion of humans in it together is one of the ways we get to think about things that are responsible, safe and ultimately, sustainable. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @smugg3953 [12 likes]: This just felt like an ad to me
  2. @curiousphilosopher2129 [9 likes]: "The biggest challenge in AI is not developing bigger, faster, and fancy models and systems. Instead, the biggest challenge is developing AI that is more efficient, transparent, and, above all, more fair and free of bias."
~ Murat Durmus (THE AI THOUGHT BOOK)
  3. @marcnapoli7178 [8 likes]: Towards the end of this speech, her explanation of why acknowledgement of country is important is one of the best i've heard. Most people will repeat it without understanding why, but she does an excellent job of explaining the importance of it. Well done.
  4. @eric1498 [4 likes]: take a shot every time she says 'scale' or 'a new branch of engineering'
  5. @HolloMatlala1 [1 likes]: ❤ Question your Questions. And Problem Your Problems.
  6. @brigittebrun8873 [1 likes]: Thank you Genevieve!
  7. @BrookeBradford-r8w: IMHO, the CONCERNS about AI becoming more and more comparable to human thought processing is largely ego driven and inappropriate.   Are you beginning to realize how comparable to simple machines WE are yet?
  8. @guppygrease9767: Barn animal not to be named. Computer have all the data human collect from everywhere. How much maga scam terrorists programming to be very publicly control alti delete?
  9. @fredtrezm5793: Yikes. Is AI going to tell us to make different friends?
  10. @AKps5sq: Classic academic bozo. Lots of words and very little communication.
  11. @SaveYourBrainKillTV: @12:0 min - what more could you ask for...
As a carpenter, plumber, mason and handyman I have an interest in this too. All my life I fix things for people, I haven't been asked to fix AI before its broken. I ask many of the  same questions presented here but i might have different requirements on the future. Can I be entered into this Diverse, Equitable and Inclusive group? I am old, some say wise. I'm not taking a jab at D.E.I. I'm seriously asking. At 59 yrs old and in college for the first time, just for sport, never been but these days 4.0 GPA is easy, I want to know, which ethics are deemed essential?
  12. @sallydonaldson9802: Bell the Jew hater
  13. @dvillegaspro: Calling an algorithm “proto-AI” is kind of a huge reach lol
  14. @thetimhampton: Modern elevators are strange and complex entities. The ancient electric winch and “maximum-capacity-eight-persons" jobs bear as much relation to a Sirius Cybernetics Corporation Happy Vertical People Transporter as a packet of mixed nuts does to the entire west wing of the Sirian State Mental Hospital.
  15. @ayunynhong4140: Who still watch in 2023! It’s chatGPT
  16. @septagram9491: How are we going to take you seriously if you are talking about the hero's journey? The dangers of AI are in the real world. I just became more convinced that we shouldn't have had the policy of "fund first, see what they come up with" for humanities.
  17. @anthonyphan1922: My god this speech is so bad and boring. Those questions came straight from any Computer student textbook. Please dont put anything up like this again
  18. @TdaPIANO: I think it was some what leading but the moment you went off the woke bridge around the 13 minute mark it just got too cringe. I think everything this whaa-man said was partially correct. But her version of the hero journey is silly, at the end of the day she'd rather be a story teller and romanticize the idea of AI instead of asking what is driving the need to create it?
  19. @joeoregano4251: this super scary
  20. @strolledanimal7: But what is beyond establishing AI as a system that incorporates culture, technology, and the environment? We can all imagine AI doing things such as operating lifts, manufacturing, or running services, but what's after that? Will the lines between culture, technology, and environment become blurred because AI becomes so integrated and developed within the system especially due to its own intelligence?

- 【春フェス】サバシスターの春【ダイジェスト】: Kind: captions Language: en okay [music] The cat is holding something and riding on it, wow, so cool [music] On the other hand, we have a step today so please wait a little longer, yes [applause] That was good, thank you, please [music] [music] Do your best [music] [applause] [music] [applause] [music] [music] Thank you, sorry to have kept you waiting, thank you very much [applause] Good work, good work, good work, good work, good work [music] [ applause] Good work, it was good, I want to join [ applause] It was good, it was good, it was good [music] [applause] [music] [applause] [music] Okay, let's start with a toast to everyone, cheers, cheers, cheers [music] This is good, cheers, cheers [music] This is good, cheers, cheers [music] [ music] This is good, cheers, cheers [music] [music] I'll take a picture Recently, there's been a phenomenon where pitchers don't put their arms around the plate [Applause] Awesome, awesome, oh what is that? [Music] [Music] A ship ghost, no, no, no one's changed, it's a different country's vehicle [Music] No, what is this? It's 3 minutes ago, so it's a flash [Music] [ Applause] Is it a throwaway? Yes, it is [Applause] Applause] [Music] Yes, it's the size of [Music] and we can see all the way to the front, it's great, thank you very much. Well, it's been about a year since we started, and we've been able to see such a wonderful view, thank you very much. Well, this Buzz Stage is a newly built stage, and the important people at Japan Jam asked us to make it, and we need everyone's help too, everyone. We'll do two more songs before we go home, so don't miss the time sale [Applause] Whether you're going home or in your car, we hope you'll both be on our side, so this is the last time Heisei Go, do your best [Music] Thank you Sister, let's begin. Is n't it hot everyone? It is hot, isn't it? Thank you, I can see all the way to the back. If anyone feels unwell, please do n't push yourself and ask the people around you for help. Thank you, police officer. If you return to the stage, one character can be read as mackerel, which is exactly our perfect [Applause] of ne

  Top Comments:
  1. @ケビンメンチ-m3d [44 likes]: 見放題で見れて最高やった
BiSH解散して病んでた自分を助けてくれたのがサバシスター
  2. @さっさん-x1f [3 likes]: なちーーーー！ずっとずっと応援してるよーーーー！がんばれーーー！
  3. @真哉細井 [2 likes]: 唯一無二　しらんけど。
  4. @MrHydyk [2 likes]: 友達に薦めれて聞いたら、どハマりしました。MVとか全て聞いたらカッコ良すぎて泣いた。
早くラブシャで観たすぎる。
  5. @みっひー推し [2 likes]: ベース担当デカすぎ笑笑
  6. @HT-wb5fi [2 likes]: 夏フェスもお願いします！
ワイバン最高でした！
  7. @UsER-l7y6u [2 likes]: ヘイままのボーカル無しバージョンが聴けて得した気分
  8. @incredible_kot_enot [2 likes]: Так приятно наблюдать за вашим успехом, вы большие молодцы! Я тоже мечтаю играть в музыкальной группе🦊
  9. @速貴有村 [2 likes]: サバラジから知りました、シンプルなパンクサウンド最高ですね♪少年ナイフを思い出しちゃった！
  10. @user-em3uj1ux3r [2 likes]: フリーダム最高でした😂
  11. @tosha3873 [1 likes]: サバシスター頑張ってな！！
  12. @咲-f8g [1 likes]: まっじ可愛い娘たち
  13. @__.iw03 [1 likes]: SEが死ぬほどかっこいい。
  14. @いぉヴぇろck [1 likes]: 先日のtricotとの対バンで観てハマりました。
動画はごうけさんがステージ前にしげちゃんを吸うのが良い、愛されてる。
（*0ω0）b゛
  15. @summer_in_summer [1 likes]: なんか泣いちゃった
  16. @yukiyuki97 [1 likes]: 今から推しても間に合うかな
  17. @Tamucho [1 likes]: サバサバ
  18. @さ-o1d: こうゆう動画もっとみたい
  19. @宮田大輔-x2b: バンズライトウェザーだっけ、これでいいの？
  20. @ttmkk182: 最近の音楽ってみんな同じ手の振り方するんだなw

- Saba performing Live at PitchFork 2018: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] you got my bike Sam Sam you got my bike you got my bike you got my bike yeah [Applause] pitchfork festival how y'all feeling tonight gotta be loud in that we in Chicago today how many y'all got that got that care for me pitchfork your idiocy 7 at baseball I said pitchfork give you ready to see Santa makes it burn let me see your hands up left to right let me see your hands I'm sure long while all of my friends for all of my friends got some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to do yeah all I've got plans I call up my bed they eggs and they never trust me like bad pedestrians up in this aqua since adolescence I don't know how long I had the Fred never know peer pressure I'm trying to my little pecker out so girl I call my BFF that ain't no secret cat I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] a until my cousin I'm broke I wasn't birthing I tried to hit a few years I wasn't Bertha's deep focus let my girl for something show she'll be deserving out this loan you keep saying tell me how what you said you got all of these friends you got our little vans I ain't trust nobody chooses 2012 I ain't letting nobody in Jesus that you wanna see it Walter got you panco I'm trying to cope but US economy come [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] for cancer how it you back right iciness guys would play I hope to god you're safe single look if you know I'm having a busy day I'll hit you back right away I've seen the skies but to God you say I'm so long just me and my girl she need me for work you leave me for school she finally home I leave a futur facetiming nudity yeah I'll let this go to me yeah all day and fidelity when I was seventeen but catching up and still for like success petite [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] asking me how tour was knowing I've been home like two months and I seen your ass like to time say this Montag like two got no time so sho have female friends I I tried to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with us now we don't speak we just walk past if I pass guitar they proudly wear platinum is cause after our cuz the friendships that I can't record and turn my heart to camouflage why the guys that used to play basketball doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that I can't endorse now with the Lord now when it boys down with the girl I'll hit you back in to god you're safe day we to back right away I say - God you're saying let me hear you make some Bob pitchfork my name is Sam I come from the west side of Chicago this is my first time playing at home this year make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noise to my lovely sound man if I can just ask for one thing can I have more to track in my ears pitchfork make some noise for the sound man if anyone has heard an album called cat for me is anybody here her chair for me so imma try something out I want all y'all energy for the rest of the day [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all got me let's try this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up I want to see our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up let's go sirens on the way now you're like oh wait are you just like I said sigh risotto now y'all ready angels yes sorry is on the way riding through this city I'm young I'm black I'm guilty I know once I won't they kill me they don't know me but they fit me 15 years a witness TD bacon flavor Hey and they won't lend it yeah but if I move this let's play but a bass showed and this is and if I run in a car right off the edge because I know they served but to serve or they take my cell phone partner the robber walked up in the scramjet get a gig or what does the difference is an enigma was subdivided upper capacitor plus their purse cuz I might add lies cross that Street cuz I'm with my friends purse every Soviet hip-hop let's go sirens on does yes I risotto on the way hey pitch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noise ladies you came out tonight make some noise I'm not an asset make some noise ladies I wanna try a song from calf Amina's that's very special to me and it's very simple for you to sing along so if you know it just say I'm in love with broken girls girls hey girl brilliant broke myself and I think she might tell Willie I love a store and I think she might tell really I'm not your crutch Willie you're not my really using me but it's cool we use feature I'm in love with contemplating about the pressure conversations by depressing the confrontation cuz we care too much about each other we don't with a harmony but simple variable ECG sorry insecure collective like Pikachu Phoenix aw we got to you dunno Martina so we put the TV ok we don't speak no more and I know when I'm with you or maybe when you're with me even if I don't feel it it's for my second I feel complete still keep in mind I know that I'm not seeing I know that is taxi I know that a populace that was where your heart is singing loud I'm in love we broke it go they go down a lot we broke it girl girl I like broken glass William number pass really ice nester so really that's not too rare really when I wouldn't know really I'm not really I know I can fantasize I know your problems I wanted you more since I found out you're honest harboring feelings but [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] emerge who know you want a service but not on a personal level I've played a game of hearts missing piece you ain't apart depend on me and salon for I'll return your artist but I return your car Samos turn quicker cuz that though we get that Misha I don't want to but I'm conflicted I know they're backing for tell yo [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I will be but you go take me back I'm gonna get visions I never look so tempting Ronnie never look so distant we're just gonna ignore the tension you know we both not see I know that is toxic hey I'm in love with broken turn go look this whole time been obsessing being says she was my wicked steady baby forgive him speak Co we'd make me feel big crown me she down me treat me like a second time well to what I learned she was by that one love the hours about her anymore - sometime found this girl now her and she's my issue made me feel whole heal me guess News 12 and we still in love love Chris Warren of Evo Bateson now this one let me hear you say pizza pitchfork give it up for my brother down I don't tell the truth the elephant sorry father I don't write you sister yelling guard huh I don't get that like that rhodium at a residence on a mission of fire some tempered fork y'all go like talega feet look needed to feel who do the beat in my drum I don't mean kicking the snare we cannot bear y'all little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we've been doing I keep in the snare will be aware but only time and it said when you were funny your last pitch for calligraphy let's do it write it away write it away I just got tired of running away running away everyone leaving I write them away write them away pitchfork is down as you could be let me hear you to make a fish y'all got it right it away write it away running away redditor with everyone leaving I write them away write them away it's for come on y'all this time enemy look I'm not mad at God I just can't get out of bed my best friend over to where we really hang on my wall by the dresser I'm trying to see the life lesson no type of morning in my scared I see the rightness legacy look wait in the science like I'm a highway driver I just said glass a glass a completely I see the water they cried and I build a wall up in my head not so pride when it felt like I was on I said the word out flying is from the behavior of me let's do it write it away write it over I just got tired of running away running away him away pitchfork as that should be let me hear you don't be loud enough up in the stores right it away write it away I just got tired of running away running away everyone leaving write him away fight from the left to the and what to see this for me to see this were like this it go like right right right right right right right right right right right right right right right let me I'm not mad at God but I can't get Chris for let me hear ya 30 [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] how y'all feeling out there can I share a brief story it's real quick I promise so uh when I was a kid I used to fight a lot sometimes I would get my ass whooped sometimes uh you know I would put in some work and working on this album had me reflecting a lot on my life and a lot of my personal experiences stuff like that so I made a song about some of the times when I was victorious in those fights some of the times where I got my ass whipped I know scuffles and some of the scuffles that I'm going on myself let's do it which for y'all having a good time out there right shut out the TR waxey just killed us in the fog everybody put your right hand up like this follow me keep it going just like that from the front to the back don't stop for nothing yeah you got just barça's his family witnessed I'm talking with neighbors who are get off him I'm right I'm talking about Tulsa jabbing I thought of me they were left they come back cuz I dumped when I came back so I never could touch on my brothers broke this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up and I walk the rest of it with my head down funny how getting your ass beat the spread round hands up you know so many garbage scrapping can take up jumped in I'm handicapped man you watch from across the street Danny ran up hop domi 301 a team in the permian EE children a circle in the real gonna be surrounded like police you say that you can't show it I'm not asking I know you think you listening don't know No no it's harder to love myself when all these people compliment me somehow would just remind me what I don't got but these folks don't care to know they think you rolling in the dough now realize that your next meal is a faux fur faux still feeling they killed their world never thought to call fighting myself to get out of bed I'm fighting myself just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] wonder hey I've seen that cards for me one last time as you can for it and some let's do it you have to be louder than enemy they are where the energy at this point I look look beer on my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drop down then withdraw the Texas step thereof allows you got a hotel we all pro will have a mattress or your floor may grab a spoke since the drop down make shown the first one stop it is out I still got your floor eat up eat and be proud of his boy I'm not a jet boy it homie squirrel say go for round trip hey ed I just learned snow is a reward I slept on the floor for me all my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drop tears I've been on the floor for oh yeah we all grow your bro we all bro I want to try something out it's a beautiful day despite the rain we here were you happy we happy to be alive and since I want to do a song called smile let's try it out yes I'll follow me like this sweet West Side Chicago to flat apartment red brick and garden - man but you got it rats are splotchy bacon last blotchy bank accounts blotchy and we talk like we from the South now our parents parents from this South if I make a million I listen in as Sal I want to get our savings with me like this it's my smile smile smile smile smile Miya Miya one man is a bad playground grab my hair okay yeah cut up with my cousin to a fella we go yeah to side slip in about beat up so there's hell of that but we got we go to heaven no Mike ready tell me you that also friend of the tunic got in trouble for a friend said I ain't you know my bag down there to on to our table to you guys I thought my family no hotel when they couldn't say tonight I'll be taking for granted you capture them for me they can it might rather be trapping they came in the veil I said man take it from I said what is the smell which on the boom keep in the mail and by the eat I cheated like you so that mean it's not a joke I said if I keep it in the fire smile smile smile I will just use magic enemies pitchfork makes a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 9 this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is amazing it's such a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] blessing to be here like I told y'all up from the west side of Chicago and honestly this the type of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that we've been dreaming about just look around and look at how many people that is here thank y'all so much for [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] coming to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's a question that was camp for me so I see that y'all rockin would care for me can I ask if anybody was here that's rockin with anything before I care for me has anybody Felix over there all right let's do this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it let's go it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] infinity you need to speed this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know let's go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it just a dream about it with my cousin heavy collision we will make nineteen with the shore they don't take a turn into a video with the windows up becoming cities brother July we were broke Papa shiny tell PA come we'll see him now twinky at a Buick he would bless you i justified i don't create what i told my lady she would take assistant is someone present yeah I'm still pushing my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good night da shirt but the same way when I put a bit that xcd a shot on a budget right minutes to the next day a mini high school got the job that will put a train up at that train make your key to take a seat I just bought a VIP get beat ya was it at least whooping at this top one gossipy yeah well it with my brother waters can't wait to leave free yeah this is selling CCA no she coming Phoebe I already showed up now with Sony period pull up in my pocket the same way right in the soup into the next day coming let me hear ya let's check the one it's okay for Yahoo I knew you're not in trouble it's okay you know some people just no care for me some people don't know any of it and I thank y'all so much for being here but for my people who know the bucket list project I'm gonna see y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up before I even do this next set by the fact [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that everybody in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to see you put a hand up from the front to the back two hands two hands all the way up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yeah right let's do it nobody's ever being punished that it's gonna sound like a bunch of Somerset hockey the tofu new Monday become loose clutch so I've been focusing on keeping my dad like I had a couple drinks in the cup oh yeah hey Chester boy free man we justify my head but ASEAN who don't know my name is Sabol and I'm front of course a cargo called the pivot gang so that's what he said he said pivot so when I say baby let me know you're safe I want to hear that louder each time y'all got me pissed 4dr got me I said I want to hear louder each time that's a good that's a good starting point I want to get back into some more bucket list project [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I want to do I want to do my personal favorite song for bucket list and all our acts is that this crowd viable because there's somebody said let's do it down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all having a good time out there my sister John Doe couldn't be here so I just acts that if you know the words y'all sing it as that y'all can't afford let me hear y'all pitch for it oh yes oh my god just now cuz dude is this more common now come across stuff do it I like we common are coming down I offer life abundant some ended up in the plane oh joy it is forming the mind I can recognize there were two compromise I almost died let's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this one want to see your hair sweet like this like a tour bus I don't want to raise a family minimum what can I say besides the mothers reality for the people ones that will team up and co2 parties audience up we'll be ready the case is forming on mine I can recognize big letters from eyes almost this one wanna see y'all follow me left what let me go make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noise it's work I will try to make some noise for my brother down [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts the pitchfork y'all know y'all gotta make some noise for the bread is DJ and we'll make some noise but damn pitchfork y'all says don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with that care for me right let's try this out if you pressed I'll capture different kind what's up good a reminder just how I like I'll catch it to you I see now so let's get naked I've seen obsessive behavior I see famous people I don't want no other brands I just want a funnel bag maybe tag to your playback say that touch it the wait at the game go after the rain it's rain oh I see you panic you pay phone [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're a guy today oh if I can unlock any Thunder the room in the dinin side like an echo I know why wait on my head boss - in my crib I don't know how we got hit be definitive line fill its government another my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is free now what you watch it in the net look solitaire more than a game with you hey change the channel he'll stay huh stay in the public and pray to your God leave a message carry the stuff on 140 280 yo posted oh sorry help from the 290s two sides to each sorry yeah I'll be your friend but you cannot follow me maybe pressed on got to get my guy okay how much fun I'm happy ain't no Beauty impacts ends up on casting - yeah I see I see I see I see famous people I don't want no surprise everybody is secure especially people with everything she's got everything how would you do they got everything oh yeah buddy is secure especially people with everything why'd she do they got everything how much you think I got everything let's see I thought I had everything I didn't know how much I said about everything for so why do I care what a kidder don't ever be home before so why do I get it off me pout and why do why we prove you wrong watch it oppose if you love me it's for class time I want to hear you if you pressed our got you get from Calle what's up open up reminded just how proper pitchfork y'all already know that it was gonna be a special show right I said this is my first time playing in Chicago this year so y'all already knew it was gonna be a special show right February 8th 2017 my brother was murdered two weeks before we were supposed to leave out for our first headlining tour and that's why I dedicate every moment on the stage to this four dedicate all of the songs don't care for me too but every night and every time we play we bring back his energy and this is what we say his name job also we go like long live John Wall No pitchfork I want to see everybody in this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from the front to the back left to right with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands up just follow me just like that go up and now with that sit now Facebook if you're noticing got me they actually what's the cause and effect on doobies packing a fat now you call it left they will be trapping entrap the police politically you fall for it you silly bunny you added shade for when you catch a case I can't release ad for my relatives my genetics is felony but I'm going reselling it and told me telling story I'm like why not mine should everybody taking pictures I'm like whenever I cry from the ground up feeling like I'm a ver it's rare be in my realness yeah I'm a fine diamond in the rough thousand of our house nightclub be doubly little take light truck me for me guess that I hope with all ain't clowny Johnny black bodies out of town look like counties bound to be on the black a little while longer day your homies this for home is what don't kill you meant your own Obama Jesus Jesus he can say Chicago from the demons and the Deacons when it's be in yeah doctor preseason preteens that three-team we please not DC church Church [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't wanna stop it little tip folks is wrong to say fo was totally ego they know Church bottle shop by the way from the liquor store offices ROI 21 you make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noise having some wrong places at the wrong time a stray bullet he'll take your first point like the technique of the new femoral my phone line forever open for prayer the fallen soldiers ain't fair they're my pen and I thought thank God they said preach like kool-aid from beginning the English outfit oh my God my city the saying goes that man lupe choose to loosen up you lost and lose your pride I loosen it read from every time I gotta watch the cigarette smoke from out of my head like how I can't go on no 20 soon they say I taste like a fitting room I'm still it's a kid they did his people we work in the school I just got a mic now I told Brianna I just knock the right down they buckled you think I sound like I'm a legend in the making like the directors cut it by you mean I'm fed up with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] passing these things about the to think I was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with me they told us it on a show now live sketch outside then I searched barbershop bottle I got the release though office bro I 21 kid know you'll make as much noise as y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] care Church church next Oh mana stone redhead deadly bit toe tip phone 10 falls from Cicero to central was too go didn't know who to hit on her that's church baba shot by the way guy from the liquor store on Cicero 821 but he didn't know this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] y'all got that let's try to change it up a little let's go like and then like 10:00 tomorrow church church [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] know cornerstone dread here deadly bit toe sitting on a chalk outline I'm sketching it's not safe outside winning ball no now that's church bottle shop by the way yeah from the liquor store Cicero 921 but he didn't know pitchfork make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noise y'all having a good time right I'm having a time on my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] life up here we got a few more is that okay before we continue I need y'all to make some more noise for my brother down I said are you trying to make some more noise for my brother no brother I said y'all gotta mix it brother day now let me tell you a thing about those two guys they produced every single song on care for me make more noise than after that and last but not least of course y'all know y'all got to give it up for my brother damn damn when I was until as I said that was lowkey kind of weak I said mix of Knoxville brother damn damn what I wasn't what you think there so we like brain some some vibes to this sin away dance with the lights off snakes and the pythons wrong with your haircut hand on a Bible stay with the light show bear with the pigs check at the mic go put a check that I sign don't tell me what I'm worth sleeping his fans I gave up their time or City grab your balls mini to play for city for now host Benito's yeah always ahead like this nope it's for this chance to do a good job walking campus do Oh huh bride with a new scent chain like a new news pop in a riff you save on your Susan trying to catch me like new - they'll be happy not sick streaming on Hulu going to the rescue know what to defend you I know that I miss them but most of them posted in your and draw with it cool to the show don't wanna be anymore most pitch for back some roses pitchfork we told y'all this was gonna be a special show right and I can tell y'all filling it do y'all feel it I wanted to to bring y'all the reason that the stage looks the way it does I wanted to everything that I do I feel like up here is very personal and it has every didn't thing to do with my upbringing so I wanted to bring y'all until my grandmother's kitchen where I was born and raised so make some noise fish for it now before we do the next song all that cute [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is out the window pitch for it I said only that killer city's up the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] window pitchfork y'all got me I want to feel all y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] energy I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] who know the waters pitch for it I swear to God I will stop and start this song however many [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] times we need to until y'all get this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] right pitchfork now got me don't sound like everybody matter of fact let's do this say hello damn and we got the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] signed out pitchfork if y'all don't turn up imma be hiding let's go for the last one pitch boy damn what you think you ready I'm ready but are they ready hands up and we're not turning around I swear to god y'all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hands better be up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was running away I got demons hunting me I know 25 I know Jesus 33 I tell steps to keep a distance I think he obsessed with me I say god that's a woman I know see with that for me so I'll say now say kids that don't fit that description no but you told me you like a problem mornings if I just don't exist if I could work without a single he got out of here indeed he died I was on a pro talking to my brother brother Paul left the city when I was just gonna do it you know one two three bells don't be [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] don't leave I don't me so it'll be okay tell me I'd be a day tell me that she like babe better won't be unknown I'm sorry I was just I don't see see my babe there will be unknown Pittsburgh y'all been a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] amazing clown I loved every second of being honest a ketone before we get out of here let me hear y'all make some rust my brother down one last time maksoon was my brother day y'all gotta make some noise for damn damn is it corny to exhale to make some noise Thank You pitchfork I'm Sammy this one yeah one more song

- Chennai Margazhi sabha canteens: A guide: Kind: captions Language: en It's Magari again in Chennai and it's time for music and dance. If you are planning to go to one of Chennai's many Sabas, there are chances that you are excited to check out the Saba canteen as well in our annual Magari Saba canteen round-up. We tell you what Chennai's best caterers have in store for us in our many Saba canteens across the city. [Music] For Pat Saradha Swami Sabha and Vidya Bharati Kalyan Mandapam, there are caterers. Specialty meals are on a tangible copper and golden plate. The South Indian traditional meals will have two types of payan (traditional dry sweet paan) and a coffee stall. A stall has also been set up to sell savoury snacks and the Saba canteen has a special menu in the evening for children. There are also limitless cups of eleneer payasam and litchi payasam during lunch. If you fancy a pizza, idli, a cheese upam and vada, like kuriya paniyar and Varapu Vadas through the day Sri Sa Sthal Catering Sabha Canteen at Nad Gana Sabha is where you should head to while you can grab a mini meal and a dosa for lunch There is also a long list of sweets you can pick from for dessert There is also a chatna live counter sitting out through the day at Music Academy Magari Sabha Canteen run by Sastha Catering Services The planning for the lunch menu begins a couple of months in advance and is then drawn for 25 days You can sit down here to eat this lunch Also available on the parcel service A special New Year meal on January 1 is on offer here

  Top Comments:
  1. @as4720-q3g [16 likes]: Chennai - historical, tech, automobile, music, dance hotspot. Namma Chennai ❤
  2. @k.c.ganesan6262 [4 likes]: கொள்ளை விலை. திமுக நடத்தும் கேன்டீனோ என்று சந்தேகம்.
  3. @ramaswamyv2647 [2 likes]: What is the cost per plate
  4. @parthasarathyep5644 [2 likes]: In all Canteens in reputed Sabhas of Chennai Music Festival,  prices are very costly. Taste is not so good as it is promoted or advertised. Only NRIs and rich people can afford. Even some Sabhas Music is free i.e. All are welcome but the rates of most of these Canteens are very high. Only Hip in media about these Canteens.
  5. @ABMDreamwork [1 likes]: When I see this video i feel 90's chennai days ... Madras sabha 's are famous in older Chennai  Greater Chennai ..
  6. @sivaramakrishnanr5960: The cost of the meals is too high , is ) Rs 650 /.
  7. @gurumurthy8624: Day looting by sabha caterers during dec season. 
Meals priced between 450 and 650 rs is not at all acceptable. 
A good quality 10 kg rice bag is less than the price of a meal.
Only NRIs VIPs black money people can have food in these places.
  8. @govindarajanramanujam4395: The canteen atract more people but daba do not get enough audiance.  Ticket consert are more miserable.
  9. @saravananp429: Sir cealing vecancy erukka sir
  10. @mohaneswaran4754: Ordinary man and middle class people cannot offer too costly
  11. @evvenugopal1: Very nice
  12. @TS73827: Madam needs to spend time in a Marghazi weight loss program urgently!!
  13. @ramask31: Sorry to state that she is talking about food when she herself is obese for her young age and likely having a BMI way above healthy level.  Not a good example.
  14. @sivaramakrishnar7355: Why didn't you cover other sabhas. Hope only these two were in for paid promotion 😮
  15. @reganjoans: How many billion plants been genocided for their grind? No beef?
  16. @praveenjain85: Cost per person
  17. @vattikutivenkataratnam6041: Thank you. Music for ears and tasty dishes for palate.
  18. @dskygirl: When did the food become more important than the music? The great vidvan M. Balamuralikrishna was bewailing this decades ago! Tyagaraja  the saint-composer, whose kirtanas adorn every kutcheri, went on unchavriti, singing for his supper. Behave yourselves, people. This is Nero's Rome.
  19. @sundaracholan2225: Carnatic Music is a  niche Music where Brahmins are Performers. Audience are Brahmins. Whereas Canteens are Dravidian Model which is again due to Dravidian Model onslaught. Except the Catering Owners others are entirely from other castes. Some wear poonal and work in times where Sangeeta Kalanidhi TM Krishna himself has thrown the Poonal in the Dustbin.
  20. @nhfanful: They made sure to show the white people lol

- Traditional Japanese Hotel Tour and Must Try Festival Food In Kyoto, Japan!: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone this is our japanese-style hotel we got a free upgrade as I booked a non-smoking one and they gave us a smoking one and she can't deal with it that smell so they gave us this one watch out for your head though look at this they want you to get hit what the hell yeah but that's cool you go in here this is where the the mat is that the Tommy mats excuse the language this is sandy and this is the Chucky style chair with spiffy walking in there's this sink area the bathroom bathroom scares the SH out of me there's nothing on the light of a day turned on you know all that stuff excuse the mess in Sandy's fault no that is out real well you gotta check out reviewed we're up on the 20th floor this is called the party room party floor so that's pretty cool so ya know what this is I hate mice jacket down there all right we'll see you guys later we'll be out maybe in KL today we'll say [Music] now this is how you know she Oh yucky it's a river fishing is calming and jeffing special food and it's essentially salted fish on a stick reel next to a fire it has a flaky fish texture and it tastes salty of course it is sweet highly recommended in the anime and you know you want to try it no we are putting our crying like they're about to eat this delicious thing is massive and it won't even stay still it's not like still alive it's chewy good the texture is really chewy an expert oh the sauce is sorry shrine gate sandy made it so let's go we are now time to break

  Top Comments:
  1. @yungandsandy: Whats your favorite festival food?!

- வருடத்தில் ஒரு மாதம் மட்டும் இயங்கும் மார்கழி சபா கேண்டீன் மயிலாப்பூர்  | ABC Catering: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys, welcome back to our channel. Come on, let's eat some special food today. We've come to a place of ours . This is the first time I've had to endure this. Today is the first day of Markali, so the month of Markali is the month that we have set aside for worshipping God . Everyone should come and sing all these songs of Thirupavai Thiruvenpa and worship Lord Ganesha and Mahalakshmi . But come here, why did I come to this place? Come to this point, you're talking about a topic that has nothing to do with anything ? If you're doing comedy yourself and then you're wondering where I'm at, say, Mylapore Arts Club, then you're probably locked in Muthri Subramaniam Road, Mylapore. You can easily get to this place if you put it on Google Maps . That's how I came here. Okay, without further ado, let's get into our video. [Music] Hi, what's your name? My name is [Music] Priya. Okay, I've put a call here. Okay, I have everything. If you've seen it with us, is it trending recently? There are all kinds of items like clock clips. Then, just show me the band for the kids. I'm interested. No problem. Is it trending now? I need a lot of hair to put on this kind of clock clips. I do n't have that, but it's also for those who have fine hair . There are flowers like this, it's not common, this is a small one like this, if you look at this, 2 in one, how much is this price, sir? That one comes for 40, this one comes for 20, and it comes in one color on both sides. [Music] Hey this is super, this is ₹20, I don't want to put it on this clip, this side, this side, this side, you can use both sides, it's like there are two colors, then there are big clips like this, it came with bridge magnets, so this came with other, this is all full, then there are pooja items too, here are pooja items, pooja items too, good [Music] There are clips like this too, here are catering, they are with them, for this, okay, super, thank you, thank you [Music] They served everything in the final, I have something like that, I'll tell you, they have put some ghee on it, they have given me spinach vada, this has come with poondi raita, this is drumstick flower, this has come with beetroot fried rice, beetroot curry, banana curry, remove the karana masiyal, go to the city. This roasted peanut dish comes with carrots, rice, lentils, ghee, and then the appalam is like a masala appalam. They have put cumin seeds in it. They have baked it and brought it to you. The coconut paste is so good that I feel like eating it while it is cooking. The coconut paste is amazing. Instead of calling this coconut fake, you could call it fake ghee. It's great. Come and have some carrot and coconut rice . I think it would be good to eat this potato [music] They have fruit and vegetables . The carrot rice has a similar coconut flavor. Good morning. Just like that, the peanuts come in and it's kind of like a sauce, [music] with that rich, spicy flavor is good. The bust is perfect. Leave the dal powder and ghee aside. Look at the color of this lentil powder, it looks like everything is mixed together. We eat everything [music] like that. Let's eat Vada, Keera Vada. I don't know what to throw away or what to eat. The fat [music] is fine. Just like I said, they put a lot of chili powder in it . It has a light pepper flavor, but I don't know if it's spicy or not. This spinach stew [music] is good. Actually, it would be better to eat Crispia, which is a type of lentil powder. They are like a cartoon. [Music] The wind blows. Look down here. Come down and see what a beautiful place it is. I feel buoyant when I eat that cake and this lentil casserole together . Perfect taste. They served eggplant sambar. Grind the sambar. A good mind. Banana and vegetable pancakes [music] The pancakes have arrived and we are waiting for them. Sambar comes and tastes good, like wedding sambar . Even though I have a taste for this dal powder, when I eat this sambar [music], I get a taste for it . This is also good. Come and eat this sweet potato. [Music] I said it wrong, I'm going to live. They made you look like those potato people . Okay, [music] is amazing. When I was eating this, I saw that the pineapple had a thick sauce on it. I didn't like pineapple, but it was so thick that I couldn't eat it. I saw that it was so thick that I couldn't eat it. Just like that, the pineapple flavor came to me and I really like pineapple. I'm trying pineapple and buttermilk soup for the first time . The ink is also good, I like it . They left out the coconut oil in this one too . I never expected this dish to be so well cooked and delicious Pepper is delicious. [Music] Come and listen to us. There's nothing wrong with asking. They came here and gave me the drumstick flower tart for the rasam. I think it's mango [music]. It's just a mango . Look, I know this drumstick tree over there. I don't know why people would eat it with yogurt. The taste of pepper [music] and rasam dominated it . So I'm just going to eat this. I'm all [music] sour with mango. What the hell are these people doing [music] like this? This is so good. I told you, "Neem flower, this is a drumstick flower." That's the neem mango pacchadiya [music]. This rice porridge is good. It's good if you add cardamom flavor. [Music] They put coconuts in there, there's coconuts everywhere. Hello, my name is Tanvin Catering, ABC Balaji Catering, Adambakkam, Balaji Catering, Adambakkam, we are here to set up a canteen for our second year Mylapore Fine Arts Club. So if you've seen this year, we've got the interior ready in a temple theme . So we come here, have breakfast at noon, and start at 6:30. Lunch arrives at 10:30. Dinner and evening snacks are at 4:00 o'clock. Dinner arrives and lunch starts at 6 o'clock. Now, if you've seen it, you can come here and tell me how you eat at every wedding, like a luncheon of kale leaves, a full wedding feast, and how you eat at every wedding. So there will be all kinds of things like that . All meals cost 550 and there will be charges. There are many varieties of evening snacks like Bonda Bhaji, Kuli Paniyaram, etc. For dinner, we have all the dosa varieties. This is the first time we have come to a Saba canteen and brought a team from Karnataka and put up a live counter called Karnataka Special Dosa Counter. There are 20 varieties of dosa available. To give you an example, there are many varieties of dosa like Mulpakal Dosa, Devagiri Dosa, Mysore Masal Dosa, Nellore Kara Dosa, and so on. There is a live fake counter. We are making 15 different versions of the app. So we do a lot of variety like that. So, we have had a lot of regular customers call us last year and give us parcels to come back to We've only been running it since the full blast came out on January 4th . So everyone can come and enjoy. Definitely buy it or everyone buys it. You can call me for any function at home. We have a contact number. You can contact us for that. We do all the [music] parts. Thank you I bought whatever I could find in the evening. I bought whatever I could find for dinner. A menu card arrived and [music] was played on the table. They have served Nellore spicy dosa, ghee-powdered idli, goat idli, [music] parotta, idiyappam, chapati, etc. This is Mysore Masala Dosa, a keema dosa, and I feel like eating it as soon as I see it. This [music] is powdered and they've poured ghee on top of it They are using the original key. A good player. When you dip this powder in this sambar and eat it, you won't even notice the idli coming out. Do you know now why I put on weight? How will I not gain weight if I eat all this ghee? They are playing in the oil. If you've seen the Milbagal Masala Dosa, this is the Karnataka team that came here. They've made all these Masala Dosa special. I know this masala, and this chutney and sambar wouldn't work here, but this masala is a little different. I don't know if I should eat our dosa with ghee, but ghee is the best . This is another level, the cameraman said, they poured two spoons of ghee on this dosa, I knew it as soon as I squeezed it, it was really good [music] Rich flavors, no chance, they put all that spice on it, I even applied that spicy chutney, so they said it was okay without it [music] They stayed a little bit on this side. We have this and that, The chef came and poured the ghee, so I don't know if the spiciness is pure. What sin did the chutney do to this fried idli? I never touched it. This fried idli is also good, this chutney is also good. All this powder is made by them, that's why it has a good flavor. Everything in the powder is the same as I said. It comes in a lot of chutney and tomatoes are added. It's great. Come and have Nellore spicy spicy dosa. I think Nellore's spicy dosa is crispy and delicious. What kind of sambar should I eat with this? Good morning. It doesn't taste as spicy as I expected . There's a nice, light, one-flavor [music], it's spicy. They came and blew a good deal of gas here too I don't know what food is without a key. Those who like spicy food can eat this. I told everyone it was spicy, it was really spicy. These are the ones who are being squeezed. Look here, you can tell just by looking at it, it's not like that machine made Idiyappam, it's like a hand-made Idiyappam. The teacher came here and gave it to me. It's really delicious. You can tell just by looking at the Idiyappam. I love Idiyappam very much, you all know that. Just add [music] and spices and flavor, and it will be great. We arrived and there was nothing spicy. The rice and spicy dosa were just too spicy for me. [Music] Everything is in good taste. They gave me a sample of bread and parotta. I wanted to take a very small bite . This Gurumaa will come and make the parotta, which will be super. Eating while listening. The parotta is on another level. The manna parotta will be very soft. Like I said, this guru is on a different level. Look here, it 's really soft. Very soft chapati. It's so soft, I don't know how to get it down. You can come and eat as much chapati as you want . That's why I eat. Guruma, the taste is good. They have blown their hair. A good flavor is coming. The hotel is all I remember when I eat. If that were the case, we would have seen our Mysore Masala Dosa in our red color. But if they had come and seen it, they would have given it a green color. Oh, are there two colors? Actually this side is green, this side is red. In the middle, [the music] comes on and that spice is there. I took both of them together. One dosa, one taste. This is different. I don't know if it was mint or not. Mint is mint. A good flavor of mint, salt, this spice, this one, you don't need anything to touch it. This is where this key came from and was thrown. Nothing will come and pinch you. They just threw it away. Is there any confusion about what to eat, Kashi Halwa or Ashoka Halwa ? I want to eat from this. They have been hanged by all means . Just like you said, this one has ghee in it. Look, I'll show you this coin and the halwa . Even that [music] Soka Alwala is not that sweet. Look at this, they just came and took it to the store and dropped it off. It's really hot. [Music] I really like coffee and halva. This is great with Sokka Halwa. [Music] Let it be lunch at noon. Let it be dinner for me. Everything came out and tasted good. What can I say? [Music] Gramin is like a pudding. Everything is different. Do n't miss this month of March. Come here and try it. Come in the morning and breakfast will be all South Indian items. They say that especially when you come for dinner, they are giving you something very special. [Music] Don't miss dinner and try it. If you watch it in the afternoon, put it in that pot and have a wedding feast. I am leaving with joy. I will come back to you and tell you what kind of content I should post. Should I post similar content or try it somewhere else? What kind of videos should I post? If you comment, it will be very useful for me. Because I often come here and try to put on variety, and I cover it up by saying it's morning breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but instead of that, I've tried homemade food . Many people have asked for homemade putta, so I'll try that. [Music] I'm also confused about this. Should we just use our correct one or should we try something else? If you could tell me that, I'd be very happy to hear your suggestion. See you in another interesting video, buddy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sivaramakrishnanr5960 [10 likes]: ஓசியில் சாப்பிட்டு விளம்பரம் செய்து மோசமான சாப்பாட்டையும் மிக அருமை என்று பாராட்டுகின்றனர் .
  2. @UttamKumar-w5q [3 likes]: Very heavy food kirthka, one has to be hungry and empty stomach to eat these meals
  3. @gunasekaranp1378 [3 likes]: இங்கு ஒரு மாதம் சாப்பிட்டால் கடளி ஆகி தூக்கு போட்டுக்கொண்டு இறந்து விடவேண்டும் ஓசியில் சாப்பிட்டு விட்டு நன்றாக இருக்கின்றது என்று சொல்லி விடலாம்
  4. @hiteshpoojara2611 [3 likes]: Good
  5. @ShanmugamSenthilkumar [2 likes]: மார்களி இல்ல... மார்கழி...
  6. @mrsrinivasan5903 [1 likes]: சபாக்களில் கச்சேரி கேட்க போகிறார்களா இல்லை சாப்பிட போகிறார்களா??!!
  7. @MohanRajagopal-j5w [1 likes]: Krithikaunglepanithodaratum
  8. @mythilisundararaman8408 [1 likes]: Yamma Krithika  stop your advertisement  thro YOU tube  eating  costly  free tiffin free meals in all places
  9. @JamunaBabu-v4j [1 likes]: How much food
  10. @rameshshankarg4296 [1 likes]: Mazgazi madam marriages illai so catering karaluku sabhakalil jora vyaparam kalai kattum.Nadakattum, nadakattum nandraka.
  11. @kannanrathinam-i3k [1 likes]: super
  12. @kishorefoodie-hi9wq [1 likes]: நீங்க வீடியோ போடுவிங்க யாரு அதிக காசு குடுத்து சாபுடறது
  13. @gopalansridharan4274 [1 likes]: Please post a lunch review at Dil Se Rasoi Kilpauk.
  14. @soundrapandiansundararaj8042 [1 likes]: tooo costly
  15. @sakthivelsakthi7671 [1 likes]: This time devotional food vlog.fine.
  16. @mohideenmusthafa910: Rs.600 per head food taste good
  17. @satieshnarayanan2561: Menu card 
Price list
  18. @skHibiscus: Hi Krithika, I watch your most of the videos. This is music season. Pls cover most of the Sabhas like Vani mahal, Music academy, krishna gana  Saba, Naradha gana sabha, parthasarathy swamy sabha.
1.Pls show menu board more minutes.
2. Some items like sweets snacks halwas which they sell regularly all time, which they sell in a stall - pls show that.
  19. @wolfsr9259: நன்னா ஸாப்பிடுங்கோ,ஸங்கீதம் கேளுங்கோ, உழைக்காமல் ஊரை ஏமாத்தி போஜனம் செய்யுங்கோ
  20. @nityar2308: What is மார்களி, திருவெம்பா?

- How The U.S. Went From Overfishing To Underfishing: Kind: captions Language: en In 2020, the global fishing industry reached an all time record with seafood worth an estimated $406 billion. The only food industry that relies completely on the cycles of nature. Fish is a key resource, an important source of protein essential in feeding the growing world population. The seafood is really diverse. Our seafood comes from the boat, gets cut, gets packed. You know, it's cold, it's wet, it's icy. And these guys are they are day in and day out. Illegal operations. Trafficked and forced labor. And overfishing, threaten global food security. They have trapped cod to near oblivion. The health of the planet and the livelihoods of millions of fishermen. If sustainable fishing practices were in place everywhere, this could lead to over $50 billion in profits globally. The big challenge is bringing good management to the parts of the world that don't have it. Here's what's shaping the seafood economy. In the US, 8.4 billion of seafood were produced across all 50 states in 2020, worth a collective $4.8 billion. We have the most nutrient rich, amazing fishing grounds right here off the coast of New England. The commercial fishing industry is thriving in the US, especially in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Foley Fish was founded in 1906 by my great grandfather. Come on in I started working summer after my freshman year in high school. New Bedford is the most valuable fishing port in the US, bringing in over $376 million worth of seafood in 2020, and over 80% of that value came from sea scallops. The importance of having a fishmonger or fishmongress at the source is that we get first crack at the fish. A nice bright red. This fish was breathing recently, so that's a good sign. When the boats are landing, we get the call and our guys can go over and look at the fish as it's coming down the chute and say yes or no. Do I want to buy it or don't I want to buy it? Here at the auction this morning, there's about 125,000 of scallops. The auction is now held online. We won the bid. Doing some rough calculations, if there's 125,000 of scallops going for, say, $20 a pound, not even including the extra costs like the auction's cut or transportation, that's a room worth $2.5 million in sea scallops. In many ways, we are running a business very similarly to when my great grandfather did. So, if the boats are out 7 to 9 to 10 to 12 days, we have to go and say, listen, we only want the fish that was harvested 24 to 48 hours ago. So, we want to start with a fresher product. Then we want to get it into the plant, cut it, pack it, ship it in the most efficient way possible. Overfishing in the 1980s, bigger nets, better technology to find the fish, reduce their numbers. Trouble is, how do you limit a catch? The fishing stocks did have a collapse in the early nineties. It changed the species that we were offering. It changed the availability, it changed the pricing. The fish stocks collapse of the nineties led to changes of the Magnuson Stevens Act of 1976, which is the primary law governing marine systems. And until recently there were practically no regulations governing the size of the catch. The amendments ultimately made the US into a world leader of fisheries management, outlawing overfishing and demanding population rebuilding. Overfishing is when the fish harvest outweighs the maximum sustainable yield. So you're you're fishing harder than would maximize yield. But, it doesn't mean declining, it doesn't mean going extinct, it doesn't mean collapsing. It simply means fishing too hard. Think of it like a bank account. There's the capital and there's the interest. Overfishing is when fishers are collecting more than just that interest. They're dipping into the capital. You'll have 100 fish and they reproduce by ten a year. You extract 12 next year, then you're overfishing by two. Fisheries management actually works. If it's not implemented properly, then the resources deteriorate. The capital in your bank account starts going down because you're extracting more than your interest and then you get into trouble. In fact, most scientists equate overfishing with being unsustainable. And if your objective is to continue producing food, you can be overfishing and be sustained forever. It's just you're not maximizing how much you could catch. So that's that's fundamental misunderstanding. Then there's overfished. Stocks are overfished if they're at low abundance. Think of the bank account again. It's sort of like a risky investment that you bet the capital on and you get some losses maybe because of overfishing or because of global warming. So, the idea that fish are disappearing from the ocean. No, that's not true. Fish stocks naturally fluctuate. In the US, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates that 90% of fisheries are now sustainably managed. As of June 2020, 47 fish stocks have been rebuilt like the Chinook salmon, and as we saw in New Bedford, Massachusetts, Atlantic Sea scallops. So we've gone from hard sort of days at sea limitations to now the annual catch limits. It's an imperfect science. There are some species in the US that could be fished harder than they are, but we need all of the resources in place to be able to do that. Underfishing has become common in the US. This is when fish are harvested at a rate lower than would produce maximum sustainable yield. There are some issues that have led to underfishing of annual catch limits in New England on certain species as a result of trying to protect other species. So, it's it's complex. It's definitely complex. Hilborn said as much as 20% to 30% of potential yield is lost by cautious management. For example, when NOAA reported catch numbers for greater Atlantic groundfish, that's cod, haddock, flounder, sorts of fish, only about 15% of potential catch, measured in pounds, was harvested between May 2021 and April 2022. It is always going to be complex because it is a multi species fishery in New England. And so when you bring your net up, even if you're trying to target something, you may end up with something else. If it's a species with a lower quota, you have to be super careful or you're going to not be able to fish for the rest of the year. Some fish might not be fished to the fullest because no one wants to buy that fish. And we do side by side taste in comparisons to say, Atlantic, look, this is what cod tastes like, but this is what hake tastes like and we do it blindly. So then we say, Can anyone tell us what the difference is between cod, haddock, Atlantic pollock and hake? And oftentimes they can't You could use them alternately, labeled correctly. And by the way, because they're not as well known and in demand by every restaurant across America, they're going to be more affordable. Seattle Fish is one of the companies that has partnered with the World Wildlife Fund Sustainable Fisheries Projects, helping get ethical product for retailers and restaurants. WWf has a big footprint inside our industry. They've partnered with some of our larger customers, including Kroger. We end up investing in that fishery improvement project from the source that's managed by WWF and then WWF then provides advisement, support services and leadership for Kroger around their sustainability program. We really believe that the private sector is at the forefront of solutions for reducing impact on ocean ecosystems. We work with corporate partners of ours to help them make good decisions about where they're buying their fish from and also help support those systems that are producing the products that they sell. So we have whole Black Sea bass, whole red snapper, porgys and Spanish mackerel all caught in the United States. Carrie Brownstein is head of global seafood standards for Whole Foods Market. She says the key is knowing their suppliers. We have a tremendous emphasis on traceability in our seafood sourcing, and we don't buy seafood from fisheries that are poorly managed or not even managed at all. Market really responds to consumer requests around more sustainable sourcing. They're are pretty sensitive to where they're going to spawn, what area is, what their temperature is. You know, in ocean acidification definitely is an issue. Obviously, shellfish, we have to be super mindful about pollution and clean water. Global warming is also a variable when it comes to what fish stocks are defined as overfished. Stocks are called overfished if they're at low abundance, but stocks are often at low abundance, not because they're fished too hard, but because the environment has changed. 90% of the extra heat that we produce as a result is actually accumulating in the ocean purely by by a temperature regulation. So, for instance, the lobster population in the state of New York has basically disappeared because it's it's just too warm down there. Now, the population in New York would now be called overfished because it's at very low abundance, even though really didn't have anything to do with being fished. The current thinking is that the cod populations of US waters are never going to come back to where they were, even if we didn't fish them because it's too warm to support the giant populations that used to be there. Many of the processors in the ocean rely on the heat of the sun and the nutrients coming from the bottom of the ocean to the surface. You might reach the nutrients when the population is not ready to reproduce. With the increasing impacts of climate change, we're needing to build into good fishery management practices in order to be able to respond appropriately. America imports anywhere from 70% to 85% of its seafood, and in 2020 the US imported over 6 billion of seafood worth over $21 billion, while seafood exports equaled just 2.4 billion, valued at $4.4 billion. That makes the national seafood trade deficit $17 billion. What's harder is making sure it's not the product of a crime, whether it's caught using slave labor stolen from protected waters or captured in ways that threaten fish populations. The Magnuson Stevens Act was amended again in 2007, this time directing the US to address illegal, unregulated and unreported fishing and bycatch the aquatic life scooped up by accident. I saw 120 sharks dead on the deck of the Steve Irwin and we found short finned Mako sharks. We found blue sharks, brown seals. Common dolphins, swordfish, mola mola, sunfish. We found squid, albacore tuna. Many countries don't have data on trends and fish stocks because they don't have management systems in place. And everything we do know suggests that on average they are fishing too hard. Those countries dominated by South and Southeast Asia, China, Korea, Vietnam, Indonesia, Thailand. Since the late nineties, the US seafood market started to rely more heavily on imports, with those imports approximately doubling from 1.5 million tonnes to 3 million tonnes from 1998 to 2018. That's because people want to eat fish and other countries pivoted to fish farming all while the US battled the collapse of fish stocks. Illegal fishing happens across the globe, but it's been especially rampant here in Thailand. It can mean stealing from other countries waters, using banned equipment or labor abuse, everything from slavery to murder. It's hard to find every instance of crime in the supply chain. According to the US International Trade Commission, $2.4 billion worth of seafood from illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing were imported in 2019. That was about 11% of total U.S. food imports. Not only would eliminating imports of illegal, unregulated and unreported seafood result in more expensive import costs and thus less imports overall, it would increase US prices, catches a fish and increase the total operating income of the US commercial fishing industry by an estimated $60.8 million. Fisheries Management, you know, I mean, I actually see one of the big problems is this perception that it isn't working. Sustainable management can rebuild overfished stocks and increase production by 16.5 million tons. That would contribute to food security, nutrition and the economies of coastal communities across the globe. The essential elements is you have to have a science program that is tracking the abundance and status of the fish stocks. You have to have a regulatory framework that adjusts the fishing pressure, either by restricting time number of boats or the actual total catch. And you have to have a system that enforces it. With the fishery management, we're getting every year a better and better idea of what is and is not in the ocean and where it is and is not. The fishing industry is growing mostly thanks to aquaculture, aka fish farming, and the reason the US started relying on a lot more imports. Globally, aquaculture production reached a record in 2020, 87.5 million tons of aquatic animals worth nearly $265 We are moving to a world of 10 billion people, they all have a right to eat. By 2030, the UN estimates that aquatic food production will increase 15% due to intensified and expanded sustainable aquaculture production. If we cannot manage fisheries properly and we have to rely on land-based food production systems, the environmental impact to the planet will be many times bigger And the potential for aquaculture in the US is relatively untapped. My motto is that I work to make hope possible rather than despair convincing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ABDULLAH-YO1 [1 likes]: 00:05 Challenges and importance of sustainable fishing practices
02:06 The US went from overfishing to underfishing
03:53 Overfishing is a risk to fish populations
05:34 Underfishing has become common in the US
07:18 U.S. fisheries are moving towards sustainable practices.
09:13 Global warming impacts fish stocks abundance
11:00 Global issues of illegal, unregulated, and unreported fishing
13:04 Sustainable fisheries management boosts US fishing industry income.
Crafted by Merlin AI.00:05 Challenges and importance of sustainable fishing practices
02:06 The US went from overfishing to underfishing
03:53 Overfishing is a risk to fish populations
05:34 Underfishing has become common in the US
07:18 U.S. fisheries are moving towards sustainable practices.
09:13 Global warming impacts fish stocks abundance
11:00 Global issues of illegal, unregulated, and unreported fishing
13:04 Sustainable fisheries management boosts US fishing industry income.
  2. @adeotiafeez1116 [1 likes]: Nigeria does not know whether it's overfishing or underfishing
  3. @brianferguson7840 [1 likes]: Jeeze ! Even the wholesale price of scallops in the USA is double the retail price here in France !🤨 Wanna buy some scallops ?🤔🤔
  4. @northamericangp1997: Meanwhile China plundering the waters of Latin America, Africa and the rest of Asia.
  5. @Telephony954: There's fish still out there?  where?
  6. @idonotlikethismusic: Fishing is mass and unnecessary animal cruelty
  7. @Theclubfootcyclist: Underfishing does happen. 
A couple of years ago ICES increased the North Atlantic Mackerel quota by 500,000 tons. They realised they had underestimated the size of the stock and because Mackerel eat Cod Larvae this could be responsible for poor Cod recruitment. 
Too many NGO's and other group's who claim they want to "save" the oceans blame overfishing for everything that happens out there when the real reason stocks might decline could be something completely different.


Fish need to eat. Too many fish puts pressure on the feed available to them. When food becomes scarce they eat their own young. This is why we must fish as hard as we can. Otherwise recruitment plummets.
  8. @dr-nobody9867: I can tell the difference between the taste of all of them fish as sell as what fish it is by how it breaks up after or while being cooked and eaten so that has to be bs
  9. @Mina-gs8tq: So, a long advertisement.  Gross.
  10. @kamalsprasad: There's no such thing as underfishing. Please stop saying stupid things.
  11. @danielteguh4411: who provided this stupid datas? undersfish? wth? US is a joke.
  12. @pnfposse123kbabi6: the oceans a fished less now then ever
  13. @MrCMDTE: The underlaying data comes from the fishers and the verification are not an exact sceince. We are overfishing almost all the every day fishes. Fish meal is destroying the seas.
  14. @stanford2444: Mention money but no mention of tonnage. Let's compare to the numbers from 1870
  15. @prawnstar9213: We are underfishing? HA! NO! Trawling should be illegal around the world! Black halibut, many species of shark, lobster, crab, cod, yellowfin tuna, bluefin tuna, grouper, urchin, octopus, conch, and even shrimp.. people have no idea.. fishing in the 1950s you were able to pull such full nets that they would break. Now it’s like pathetic.. Just another example of how capitalism is destroying the planet. There are thousands of giant fishing boats that go out everyday… they now fish FOR ANYTHING EDIBLE. We’ve also polluted the ocean so terribly that there are areas off the east coast where there is no oxygen in the water.. the Gulf of Mexico..areas off of china and Japan..and Thailand.. yeah no.. we are still overfishing..
  16. @shumani4: Good, let's keep underfishing
  17. @life42theuniverse: Underfishing : not fishing enough to meet demand. Sustainable fishing: limits of fishing to sustain supply.
  18. @hermanp.delacruz1223: Destroy all giant trawlers fishing boat!
  19. @Imrepenting: The love of money is the root to all sorts of evil.
  20. @ThemFishinBois: As soon as you mix raw business in with nature you get these twisted F***ks that want the public to believe that not exploiting a natural resource is doing the world harm.

- Mike Rowe explores how America's fishing industry provides food for nation: Kind: captions Language: en-US [MOUTH TRUMPET] ♪ but an offshore industry worth ten billion dollars a year. But it doesn’t come easy. Bringing the ocean’s bounty to your seafood section takes masters of strategy, gluttons for punishment, and a breed of worker bold enough to take on America’s last true wild frontier. How’s the old saying go? Give a man a fish and you’ll feed him for a day. But teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. Well, whoever came up with that, it apparently didn’t stick. Because it takes about 40,000 men and women to feed all of us Americans who never got our fishing lesson. Together, we consume about six billion pounds of seafood every year. Enough to fill more than 100 container ships. But getting that kind of bulk from the ocean to our table requires a fleet of commercial fishing boats operating day and night. And in the great Bering Sea, the world’s richest fishery, 7,000 of them, are trolling an area the size of Alaska. In search of the seafood needed to feed our nation. But none of them come better equipped for the job than America’s Finest. This 260-foot vessel represents the latest and greatest that commercial fishing technology has to offer. An onboard processing plant, freezers the size of football fields, and enough space inside to store three million pounds of freshly-caught fish. But despite all the bells and whistles, it still takes a crew of 50 to keep this floating fish factory in operation. All under the command of their intrepid leader, captain Darin Vanderpol. Our company’s given us the best tool in Alaska to do our job. Now it’s up to me and it’s up to my team and us to perform with it. We operate the boat 24 hours a day. We never stop, ’til we’re full. Naturally filling the hull with fish is always the goal. But there are other factors, like weather, food and fuel consumption that can force America’s Finest ashore before they’ve hit their quota. Something that happened their last time out. Leaving this fishing vessel in the red. We’ve got about a million dollars’ worth of overhead expenses. So we have to cover that every single time we go out. Last trip we came up short. We didn’t get the boat full. This trip we can’t do that. We absolutely have to fill up. If we do fill up that’s about one point seven million dollars right now of, product that we’ve put on the boat. That’s what we need to keep the company in the black. And that’s what we need for our guys to make money on the boat. On a typical trip, America’s Finest will stay out on the water for about two weeks at a time. And as it stands, they have just enough fuel for another day or two of fishing. Provided they don’t cover too much distance. In that time, they have to catch another 90 tons of fish in order for this trip to be considered a success. But so far their yield, from a once tried and true fishing ground, has been less than promising. Yesterday was not on par with what we need to do to, to reach our goal. We have to do better if we want to get the boat full. But we’re really targeting yellow fin. That’s what we want to see. This time of the year it’s almost like trying to find a unicorn. Captain Vanderpol’s quarry, yellowfin sole. They’re a species of bottom feeding flat fish similar to flounder or halibut. And to catch them he’s using a method known as trawling. We’ve got electronics like this, where we actually have a, a sonar that goes down with the net. So we get an idea of what’s going in the net in real time. After marking what should be their target species by way of sonar, a 300-foot net is deployed from the boat and allowed to sink to the sea floor. There, forward momentum forces a pair of underwater wings called doors apart. Opening the net to its full 900-foot width and swallowing everything in its path. So far this morning they’re two hours into their second tow and hoping for better results than they’ve been seeing lately. We’re gonna pull them up and we’re gonna see what we have for the catch. From there we decide what’s next. If fishing’s good, we stay. If it’s bad, we move. But in a place where relocating means covering hundreds of miles and spending thousands of dollars in fuel, suffice it to say it would be best to find the fish here. Let’s haul this back and let’s see what we’ve capture this tow and hopefully it’s a good one. But as the net nears the boat, Captain Vanderpol spots a more pressing issue. We got something going on with the door here. It’s not wanting to come up right. Taken off on its own here. Instead of coming up uniformly with the other one like it should be. I’m not quite sure what’s going on with that. Even on a boat as advanced as America’s Finest the trawling net can still take a beating from the Bering Sea. So all the captain and his crew can do is deal with problems like these as they arise. Hey Ale, you get me? Yep. Hey, it looks like we got something going on with the port door here. It’s acting squirrely coming up here. Coming in way faster. Might want to be back there when the doors come up, take a look and see if we got something going on there. While the deck crew investigates the squirrely door, deep in the bowels of America’s Finest the fish processing department is still busy cleaning, packing and freezing the boat’s previous catch. About 20 tons of yellowfin sole. And it’s up to guys like Luis Sanchez to ensure this highly-complex assembly line runs both quicky and smoothly. That is, when he’s not giving cameras the nickel tour. Once rinsed and weighed, the yellow fine are conveyed to a particularly sinister piece of machinery known as the header. After sorting the headless fish make their way to the packing area, where they’re placed into pans about 40 pounds at a time. Finally the pans of yellow fin sole are ready to be flash frozen, allowing America’s Finest to keep them fresh until it’s time to head ashore. It takes about two hours to freeze this 20 kilogram case of fish. Here we have our rock injector. What that does is separates the fish from this pan. It’s a stainless steel pan. It’s a system finetuned for maximum efficiency and minimal waste. But when working on a vessel as highly automated as America’s Finest, not all essential workers handle fish. Some, like chief engineer Steve Sauer, handle all the high-tech components that keep the vessel fishing 24-seven. But on a boat with this many moving parts, that’s a job that requires near-constant maintenance. I’m the guy that is responsible for all the systems on the vessel. This is one of the most modern boats out there. Very complicated, we have a lot of systems on this vessel. We are constantly doing engineer room rounds to monitor each and every system, and we got to check over every square inch of this vessel every day. Now we’re gonna go into the steering room. On a daily basis we’re just doing our normal engine room checks. We’re gonna go ahead and check sea oil level of our steering. Make sure everything’s good. Next, Steve checks the backup generators. Even though these generators aren’t running, we still want to make sure that they have an adequate amount of oil in them at all times. So that they are ready to run in the event of an emergency. We’re good to go there and we’ll continue with our engine room rounds. This is our bow thruster motor. It’s biggest, biggest actual electrical motor we have on the vessel, 650 KTM. Inside this tube right here is basically a propellor. And when we’re docking the ship, they have control to push the bow of the boat to the port or to the starboard. And this is how they steer the bow of the boat when they’re docking the ship. This is our hydraulic unit. Controls the pitch on the bow thruster. I’m just doing checks to make sure nothing’s leaking. Checking the integrity of all the hoses, all the hydraulic connections, just make sure everything’s tight. Hey, Steven, are you down there? Yeah, go ahead, what’s up? Yeah, we got an ICMS alarm for a bilge alarm in the engine room. Okay roger, I’m on my way.

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonymacias1973 [2 likes]: i wonder if mike knows that our oceans are almost fished out
  2. @colehudson6062 [2 likes]: Only thing that I hate is I will see dozens of these boats pulling flounder for market but we as surf fisherman can only keep a slot fish for one month out of the year in NC. We have been throwing back about 100 flounder per trip since these rules as by catch with about 10% dying from swallowed hooks. But the people with rods are to blame for over fishing somehow still.
  3. @danomite359 [1 likes]: It's scary how much is taken from our waters. It can't continue to grow and grow. . . . .
  4. @kayleelynn9785 [1 likes]: The amount of bycatch from this is devastating. My profile picture is a picture of a vaquita they were killed off due to bycatch. So sad
  5. @Jaronite [1 likes]: A lot of investors choose farmland commodities. 

Never forget to support your local fishermen & naval engineers!
  6. @jassen8463: Since deportation of illegals fishing should get better since they are won't be taking home the illegal size fishes
  7. @b_green94: Hate trawling but I guess it has to be done
  8. @QUINIK420: Good to throw out the eggs out the sea  more fish after
  9. @ohbabycat: nature does not run on a business model. the ocean is not obligated to meet quotas for anyone.           'the boat costs $$,  labor costs $'  the world should give the fish for free,  though?   the world doesn't belong to the human race,  and it doesn't owe anyone anything
  10. @raymore544: Boo fox News boo
  11. @KingKsEDC: This is insane! My mind is blown just thinking about how you build a ship like this lol. Jeez.
  12. @michaeloravetz1594: Love you Mike  but why why did you take a job at Fox  very disappointed
  13. @keithtraa: Thanks Mike!    We need alot more of this!   God Bless You!
  14. @stephenlong3801: Built in 1936? Wow. Today they would use chinese parts. Take the san francisco Bay Bridge. The bolts that hold it together comes from China & inspectors don't think it will hold up
  15. @briankepner7569: You mean American fisherman don't go out to see and on board frozen fish caught by Chinese trawlers
  16. @chrismaloney2108: Mike Rowe is awesome
  17. @r.g.r.6003: I'm glad that Mike is picking up the slack. My back is sore, lol, I need a man to do the man's job. 😅👋🙊🤠💪🦵🤜🤌🏋️🧜
  18. @r.g.r.6003: Is that Ruby Bay seafood?
  19. @spacecoyote6646: Miks rowe is a poser.
  20. @Noneedy: What’s the regulations on how many tons they can keep!

- Special report: Crisis in the world's fisheries: Kind: captions Language: en the fishing season has opened on the eastern coast of China the fleeting Joe Shan is on the move 500 trawlers will head deeper into the oceans this year and stay out for longer each season is getting harder the seas have virtually no fish but the commercial fleet is growing with an estimated 200,000 boats accounting for nearly half of the world's fishing captain Lin Jian Chun is a fisherman born and bred and says times are tough he knows Gaza but there's no matter when I started to fish we could feel our boats completely in an hour there were fish everywhere now there are less fish and it's rare to get a big one most of the catch now is trash fish tiny specimens with little value used as feed for animals and in aquafarms like most others here the only thing keeping the captain and his crew afloat at government subsidies so my fixing the boat cost me $40,000 the government subsidizes that the subsidies might be keeping them in jobs but overfishing is threatening the entire ecosystem and Captain Juan dong has an even bigger complaint he says China's mega trawlers and there's two thousand six hundred of them are making it almost impossible to survive warm I said that's awful odo you Wow their fish nets kill everything the mega trawlers have bigger engines so when they pass there are hardly any fish left the government says it's taking action at least with the smaller fleets it can control closer to home sure there were mr. Sam Bowden where you guys we're extending fishing bans releasing more babies and starting to reduce the number of votes but authorities acknowledge they're having difficulty with the Chinese mega trollers on the high seas they often under report or don't record their catches China's mega trolleys are targeting the seas in the Northwest Pacific South America and western Africa not only are they destroying fish stocks but also wiping out poorer subsistent communities well invest Africa are 7 million people are relying on fish for income and employment and many millions more rely on fish for food for the animal protein last year tough laws and tough punishments were put in place to try and control China's deep-sea fishing fleets but they're difficult to enforce and some experts say too little too late to save the world's fish stocks in Joseon the first catches of the season have come in it looks like a good haul of crabs but total catches are well under half of previous year's conservationists say of China and other countries don't change their fishing models there'll be little left for the next generation Matthew Connie ABC News Joe Shan eastern China you

- Fall in Japan: The Ultimate Guide for 2024 | Foliage, food, festivals!: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone it's Abby from pictor and I'm a photographer in Kyoto I do tours with photography and I do just photography if you're interested you can book here today we are diving into the four essential things you need to know before visiting Japan in the fall if you're thinking about coming to Japan during the fall you are obviously a person of wisdom and culture because it is my favorite time of the year here this is going to be a quicker video but it's going to be packed with everything I wish I had known my first fall here it includes the Fall Foliage information where to see the leaves fun fall festivals and other great things to enjoy during the season fall in Japan is honestly magical and the landscape transforms into a tapestry of colors with the cooler weather finally allowing you to enjoy the outdoors case in point me and summer and that leads me to my first point the beauty of Fall Foliage or as the Japanese call it Momi Gatti this is the traditional practice of seeking out the best spots to view Autumn Leaves and let me tell you it is serious business here enjoying the vibrant colors is about as serious as enjoying the cherry blossoms but luckily the Fall colors tend to stick around a little bit longer than the cherry blossoms do the peak season for Fall Foliage varies across the regions with early November being prime time in Hokkaido late November in Tokyo in kyotto and early December in in southern areas like kushu so the forecast is constantly changing and my best advice to you is a subscribe and check my shorts as I will usually post every updated forecast going into the season it's too early now for that and to check the weather predictions when the weather starts to get cooler earlier especially at night it might mean that the leaves will begin changing colors if the weather stays warm it might be longer before the leaves change last year the weather stayed warmer and things peaked a little bit later let's also talk about the weather and what to wear in fall fall in Japan brings beautiful cool crisp air and clear sky with temperatures ranging from about 10 to 20° Celsius depending on the region early in the season you can get by with light layers like long sleeve shirts and a light jacket but as the season progresses it will get colder and you might want more like a coat or heavier l and if you're planning to visit any of the illuminations which I will talk about later keep in mind that it can get chilly in the evenings so it's a good idea to bring an extra layer and if you want to get pictures because it's my favorite time of the year to take pictures maybe consider what you're wearing for that as well I do recommend wearing more muted colors like white even beige black because it will make you pop and it will look stunning in front of the Fall Ag and finally around mid to late September when the weather does start to cool people will move from wearing their summer yucat which is like a cottony liny lighter kimono to regular kimonos it is a beautiful time of the year to wear kimonos you can rent them for Fairly cheap or you can just buy them and take them home with you it's a great time to wear them all right number two where you should visit and fall so generally everywhere is extra Pleasant in Fall it's cooler and once the leaves start changing everything is ridiculously gorgeous but specifically where should you go to see fall leaves here's some of my recommendations in Tokyo One might visit the rugan garden it's a super popular spot but it's a traditional Japanese garden famous for Autumn Leaves and it also has a illumination in the evening which I'll talk more about later the reflection of the vibrant leaves in the garden Central on is something you will not want to miss Kika kakuen is a similarly gorgeous spot with another traditional Japanese garden another highlight in Tokyo is the jingu Gan Ginko Avenue where a golden tunnel of Ginko trees attracts many an Instagram photographer showa Memorial Park also features gingo trees over in Kyo Kizer Temple offers stunning views of the Autumn foliage during the day and they also have an impressive illumination event however this place will be jam-packed it's one of the busiest places I've ever been to in the fall and there's so many other great places in Kyoto to visit as well such as a toi tenui bisho and especially the river those are my top spots and I recommend adding those to your itinerary as well and something to note is that many temples will charge a little more for injury during The Fall season and this applies to Temples throughout the country they know that we are suckers who will pay more to see the leaves and sometimes rarely temples will require reservations especially smaller temples that open basically exclusively during the foliage season these reservations can be made online most places don't have it but if there's somewhere you really really want to visit in an area in Fall I do recommend going online checking their website or Google reviews and seeing if a a is needed and also just seeing if they're going to charge more than you are willing to pay a final note about these things is basically as I said all of these places are going to be busy every place I listed is going to be busy every place you're going to find on Google is going to be busy that's just how it is so these are lovely places and I recommend visiting at least a few of them just because like they are that nice but I also recommend maybe going out of the Cities a little bit more into the countryside and looking for some leaves there because the good thing about leaves is they are everywhere and going on a little Adventure might end up with you finding something really cool and really special all right on to number three the unique festivals you can visit in Fall so compared to Summer there is not nearly as many festivals however there are still some unique ones and some cool events to visit that I have made into a little list so starting in September there are some German festivals October Fest across Japan so you can enjoy a nice beer and some music with some Japanese people and there's one in Tokyo and there's a really big one in Yokohama here and those are also in the description moving into October we have the bulk of our festivals we have the naha tavore festival in early October and every October the city of naha conducts a unique rope pulling Festival throughout the year they make two ropes each rope is about 100 m in length and they are carefully prepared for the festival day when the ropes are positioned in to in along the street symbolizing the opposing forces or kingdoms from the East and the West reminiscent of ancient battles October 12th and 13th is s Kasa Shrine Festival in Kyoto this Festival will feature vibrant mikoshi paray with locals carrying portable shrines through specially closed streets as also live music food and Lantern displays Lantern displays are a really cool thing that you will see a lot of especially at fall f Festival October 13th and 14th is U Festival U is in Sha Sha is very close to kto and this Festival features participants wearing traditional Tanuki masks and it includes 13 floats paraded by locals with music and chanting the festivities also begin the night before and they have lots of music and dancing and this is usually my favorite time of the festival October 14th and 15th is n Noka in HEI where men will be carrying more of these portable shrines but instead of parading beautifully through the streets they will be crashing into each other for hours and the goal is to Hoist the shrine on top of another one October 22nd we have a really big one and this is Kyoto's ji monity it's a historical parade showcasing costumes from various periods in Japanese history really cool way to get a glimpse into the country's Rich cultural heritage on the same day is the kudama fire Festival which is outside Kyoto and it's a small Festival that involves a procession carrying many large torches although small this event can be really really crowded but it's really unique of course in October you cannot miss Halloween and yes I'm categorizing Halloween as a festival the most popular spots to enjoy the Halloween season are at usj Universal Studios or Disney however you'll find many people dressed up in enjoying drinks and food around most big cities especially in the areas that young people people frequent Halloween does fall on a Thursday this year so I expect both weekends around it to be pretty busy however if you can't make it for either of those weekends you're in luck because usj and Disney both have Halloween stuff for all of October the usj stuff actually starts on September 6th and it features unique rides and scary Halloween nights I went last year and I highly highly recommend it Disney's Halloween events began October 1st and they also have unique events and food in November on the second and third kagoshima holds the Ohara Festival which is a 70-year festival with lots of processions and dancing and another Festival to look out for maybe not to participate in but it is shii go son and it's celebrated on November 15 this Festival honors the growth of children Age 3 5 and seven and you'll often see families visiting shrines with their children dressed in cute little kimonas it's a fun day to be out and about and just see these little kids in their tiny Pokémons so that about wraps up major festivals but you can find smaller ones all throughout fall they just might not be quite as exciting as the ones I've put on this list other great seasonal activities you shouldn't Miss and this will include both events and seasonal Foods because food is an event for me let's start with the fun stuff the lightups so fall season in Japan is not complete without mentioning stunning light of events in K though like I said K mus Temple illumination is a super popular spot it is very very beautiful it's a great place to get a picture although you might be fighting to get it some other great places include the naked flowers exhibit at nio Castle as well as illuminations at kigi Temple a condo Temple and tofukuji Temple in Tokyo you can go back to rugan Garden or you can go to chinzanso Garden or H daa temple in pretty much every city most major temples and Gardens will have some kind of light up some are bigger than others they will be everywhere you can probably just walk around and you will run into one and I recommend looking up smaller temples that interest you and visiting them if they have a light up event and you might be able to avoid some of the crowds that way as well let's talk about seasonal foods and activities September 27th to 29th is rongi Art night in Tokyo and it's one of the biggest art events in the country also related to art is the Pokemon Co gay Exhibition at Museum in Tokyo and that's from November 1st all the way until February it's a super awesome event I literally cried at it any Pokémon lover should go and of course fall is the season for some of Japan's most delicious foods chestnuts or kie are popular throughout the country and you can enjoy them roasted in sweets or even cook with rice and you will sell them from very far away matake mushrooms are another Autumn delicacy see they're going to be often found in soups or a grill and of course there is the famous Yaki Emo or roasted sweet potato which are a favorite street food during the fall there's nothing like biting into a crisp outside of a marshmallow sweet potato fresh off the hot rocks that they were cooking on for some reason oh it's so good highly recommended Autumn is also a great time to visit a tea house especially in Kyoto where you can enjoy a hot cup of M along with seasonal sweets like Momiji Manu which are maple leaf shaped cakes another cool activity to try is getting on a boat and enjoying the foliage around you such as Tokyo's inokashira park or also in Kyoto near arashiyama and for the ultimate relaxation event you should soak in an outdoor onset which is a hot spring surrounded by Fall Foliage it's a quintessential Japanese experience so there you have it four essential things to know before visiting Japan in the fall from the breathtaking Fall Foliage and magical light up events to delicious seasonal food andk God cool weather there is so much to enjoy during this beautiful season if you found this video remotely helpful please give it a thumbs up subscribe for more travel tips and let me know in the comments what you are most excited about this fall thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @kellywilson3038 [5 likes]: Your videos are amazing.
Planning on late October 2025 trip, we can't wait!
  2. @PlutoRSA [4 likes]: Great info! Thanks for the useful information! How is it in September? Thinking about Starting in Osaka to Takaoka into Ueda and finally Tokyo :D
  3. @arunrege453 [3 likes]: Thank for your videos.. Planning to visit Japan in May - next month. How will it be - scenically?
  4. @MeBot-t9i [3 likes]: Lot of Information, I would like to have timestamp Information on your videos. thanks
  5. @maqdesy [2 likes]: The music is so loud
  6. @republicedc8567 [2 likes]: Hi! Will you be doing a similar video for fall 2025?
  7. @davidtardio9804 [2 likes]: Hi, new subscriber here. Thanks for your very informative videos. Planning on making my first trip to Japan in fall 2026 and I’ll definitely use your videos as a reference
  8. @swan3x [2 likes]: I would like to see the festivals in fall but am worried about the public transportation, is it easy or we have to plan well?
  9. @mary-ruthgalace857 [1 likes]: Any tips when traveling during Labor Thanksgiving Day (November 23)?  We will be in Kyoto at that time & want to know if it’ll be extra busy around this holiday
  10. @Kuj4k [1 likes]: Do you have any more information on the Poekmon X Kogei? I can only find information on one that happened in Los Angeles
  11. @floralmaentereso716 [1 likes]: we are going to Osaka, Kyoto and Fukuoka in late November to  First weeek of December, which onsen do you recommend {on a budget}? It's our first time going to Japan.
  12. @steveamurray59: Seems like October would be a good time for my first visit to Japan 🤔
  13. @NanoArts: Beautiful! Great photograp
hy and video editing and, of course, Japan!
  14. @sangjo78: Love your videos. How is the foliage in Kyoto now? Planning to visit in late November. Didn't see anything in your shorts.

- Real Instruments Made From Ice | Ice Music Festival Norway | Europe To The Maxx: Kind: captions Language: en This is the sound of a saxophone made of ice. And this is me. I'm Euromaxx reporter Hendrik Welling and here I trudge across the tundra... on my way to the Ice Music Festival in Finse, Norway. Ice on stage and ice all around! How did I end up in this inhospitable place? Is this really the right place for a music festival? There's nothing but ice and snow and wind over here. But that's exactly the point. Ice and snow is the only thing that will be used to make music. I find that hard to believe, but let's find out how they do it!" The stage was supposed to have been here - and it too was supposed to have been made entirely of ice. I inspect the rather sorry remains together with festival-employee Emile Holba. The strong wind combined with this year's relatively mild temperatures literally blew away the structure made of ice-encrusted netting. "There's a fine line between clever and stupid. I mean, it is. It's a little bit like I've called it is like a really nice art slash lunacy. We want a more pure experience, we want to be out actually in the elements. And certainly, you know when there's a full moon it's fantastic. It just feels more authentic. The organizers are used to dealing with nature's whims. So they improvised a new stage inside an old shed. This is the festival's 14th edition. It was the brainchild of Norwegian musician Terje Isungset. Almost twenty years ago he discovered the many kinds of sounds ice can make - quite by accident. I just fell in love with it, because it sounded so fantastic and it looked really nice. So I thought it would really nice to have a festival and to invite lots of really creative people and see what we can do with ice and snow and having only one rule: Everyone has to deal with ice and snow. This is Europe's coolest - and perhaps most innaccessible music festival. The only way to reach Finse is by train. There are no roads here - just a railway station, a few vacation cottages and lots of ice and snow. Finse lies in the Norwegian highlands at 1222 meters altitude midway between Bergen and Oslo. During last year's festival, temperatures dropped to minus 27 degrees Celsius. Not far away is the Hardangerjøkulen glacier. Finse is the highest station on the Bergen railway line. Right next door is the only hotel far and wide. It's because of these railway tracks that this hotel exists. The Finse 1222 and it became a legendary place.” It was originally built to house the workers building the rail line. But the region's natural beauty soon brought tourists here - and eventually, Trygve Kloster Norman, too. He's been running the hotel for about 30 years now. During the Ice Music Festival, its 41 rooms are nearly all occupied by the musicians and concert-goers. Since the hotel opened some 110 years ago, it's had many prominent guests. Some polar researchers, too, who came here to practice dealing with extreme weather conditions. Time almost seems to have stood still here. Our vision of this place is that Finse should not change because this is one of these places where you should have sort of an everlasting atmosphere in a sense. All other places are being built and developed and things like that. And we don't think that's necessary. We need some of these places which are looking basically as they were 50, 60 or 100 years ago. Finse is not only a very unique location, but it is also a Mecca for Star Wars fans! The Star Wars connection comes from scenes in 'The Empire Strikes Back' that were shot here in 1979. Finse was turned into the ice planet Hoth. And it's one of only two original shooting locations fans can visit. May the 4th! That's the official Star Wars date. “May the force be we with you!" So on May the 4th we have steady influx of people coming. With their small models and things and dressed up like this guy here or Darth Vader or something. In a sense you can see from the pictures it looks exactly like it did at that time. So they feel they are here. They are on the ice planet. The ice planet supplies the raw materials for the Ice Music Festival. In December, festival organizers begin sawing blocks of ice out of the frozen Finsevatnet. I watch Even Rygg at work. Later, these will be carved into instruments. The organizers bring in a total nine tons of ice during the winter. The ice has a variety of qualities at different spots on the lake. There are several different types. It depends on how the water is floating when it's freezing. That's important for the sound. It's clear and not too many air bubbles, I think we can get some good sounds for the instruments. This is where all the magic happens! This is the place where all the musicians are building their ice instruments. And I´m going to try to create one on my own. It only takes the musicians a few hours to fashion their instruments. Terje Isungset cuts a piece for a marimba out of ice. [WHISTLING KEY] I want a higher pitch. Amazing Alright. Now, it's my turn! It's like butter! I'm dead set to create something with a decent sound. But the ice is just a bit more delicate than I thought. Somehow you can make all kinds of instruments, but I think the most interesting thing is to try to make kind of fantasy instruments also or instruments that are not actually copys of existing instruments. I'm really eager to try out this particular instrument: a kind of saxophone in ice, created by Norwegian jazz musician Kjetil Møster. It's hard to make and even harder to play. It's so hard! But at least one sound, I got one sound, right? How do you make different sounds? Different pressure on your lips. No chance! I'd better let a professional do this. The audience comes from all around the world to experience one or more of the total eight concerts in three days. It's kind of like to realize a dream after several years. I'm from Italy. From Italy? Yes And you came all the way? All the way for this festival. Because I thought this is something amazing, incredible. The improvised stage isn't entirely made of ice. We in the audience have to sit outside in the snow in the sub-Arctic frost. So the concerts rarely last much longer than 45 minutes. The Ice Music Festival was a really cool experience. Cool people, cool instruments. But what I liked the most is that the music matches perfectly with this really impressive landscape.

  Top Comments:
  1. @free_shortvideo [1 likes]: that one dislike is great :-)
  2. @Deebemc: I loved my visit to this festival! Very talented musicians. Wholly unique sound in the most beautiful surroundings. It’s a shame the huskies weren’t filmed! Thank you for posting!

- Tokyoites enjoy Pacific saury festival: Kind: captions Language: en Tokyo why to enjoy the first Pacific Starry Festival in three years on October 9th this year nearly 9 000 locals apply for 1 000 of the fish can't if the Pacific sorry has been under decline due to climate issues and other environmental factors one of the events staff said he was happy they were able to bring the fish to the festival despite the poor catch

- Latvian Nationwide Song and Dance Celebration: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is a story about Ordinary People brought together by an extraordinary tradition singing in laia carries an emotional imperative it's part of everyday life the coral tradition goes back centuries and was vital in developing a national identity during tough times songs about the Sun or the wind carried a message of freedom and hope nowhere else can these layers of history and emotion be heard as powerfully as here at the Lan Nationwide song and dance celebration [Applause] a collection of thousands of folksongs the din passed down through generations are the foundation of this phenomenon this movement this celebration which brings together people from all walks of life UNESCO has recognized the Nationwide song and dance celebration as a masterpiece of the heritage of humanity of you with roots in the past and eyes to the Future our voices reaffirm a love for our nation our freedom and our traditions and so we come together to sing and to dance time and time again all

  Top Comments:
  1. @Wodens-Wolf [49 likes]: This is the kind of unity, passion, and patriotism that could be all Europe, which should be all Europe. Bravo Latvia.
  2. @GAMALIELSCAFFguitar [10 likes]: What a wonderful!! You are a beautiful people. Congrats from South Brazil.
  3. @Abyssiniancatmeow [10 likes]: Such a beautiful country, such a beautiful people of Latvija.  I have tears in my eyes, because I love Latvija and it's people. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤ I miss you Latvija! 💕💕
  4. @TheNearFantastica [10 likes]: Why are they all so beautiful
  5. @Citydweller-w7b [7 likes]: Никогда не теряйте это.
  6. @НинаЛысенко-э9б [6 likes]: Дякую Вам
  7. @alfv231 [5 likes]: Brilliants Spirits, souls and feelings. Amazing culture. ❤ From Mexico
  8. @tarastro3500 [5 likes]: Von Herzen Glückwunsch dem lettischen Volk. Sie sind den Deutschen weit voraus. Das große Volk im Herzen Europas droht seine Identität völlig an eine zerstörerische grausame Ideologie zu verlieren. 
Tun wir alles, um das zu verhindern. Und nehmen wir uns das lettische Volk als leuchtendes Beispiel.
  9. @MrThedoublec [3 likes]: A people so attached to their identity and history can never be permanently suppressed. A lesson Russia needs to finally learn. Putin needs to see this and learn something.
  10. @matzpeters6753 [2 likes]: A taste of Europe.
  11. @Tom-h6j7v [2 likes]: Lovely Russians didn’t destroyed their souls
  12. @Елена-ъ6ь4й [1 likes]: Потрясающая красота!
  13. @juujaab [1 likes]: You are wrong that nowhere else You can hear layers of history and emotions as powerfully than in Latvian Nationwide Song and Dance Festival. You can hear it in Estonian Song and Dance Celebration! :)
  14. @josephatthecoop [1 likes]: 0:40 “nowhere else”…. I must respectfully differ. The neighboring Estonian and Lithuanian festivals are peers; and nothing could exceed these three magnificent gatherings.
  15. @Faeries-z7s [1 likes]: This was 11 years ago.
  16. @salamkerbelayi2771 [1 likes]: #PETERBURQ# KARELİYA COMPENSAÇİYA  ZA LİTOV POBOYİŞE.
  17. @ThunderDawg89: Whats this, every 5 years? 100% on my bucket list now.
  18. @francobertoli1894: Io ero presente nel coro. Franco
  19. @SauleAuksine-yn5he: А где в комментариях русские и белорусы, они ведь так переживают за Прибалтику
  20. @serangga_sulawesi: 36 years old:(

- Staying at a Traditional Japanese Inn | Ryokan & Onsen Etiquette: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] one of the best ways to experience traditional japanese lifestyle and hospitality is to stay at a ryokan or japanese inn popular with both japanese and foreign tourists these places not only offer a place to sleep but also a window to japanese culture as well as an opportunity to enjoy local cuisine and relaxing hot spring baths many different kinds of ryokan can be found around the country from family-run small establishments to large hotel-like facilities with hundreds of rooms budgets for a night stay also varies depending on the place you stay at ranging from 4000 yen without meals to over 50 000 yen per person per night with glorious dinner and breakfast a typical rate for a night's day is around 15 000 yen per person which includes dinner and breakfast because of the traditional style and atmosphere staying at a rokan can seem a bit intimidating for the first time guests however they're a special and very relaxing experience that everyone should take the opportunity to try at least once during their travels in order to set your mind at ease here is a guide on how to enjoy your stay at ryokan reservation dyokan can be found all across japan especially in hot spring resorts but also in the cities the typical ryokan includes two meals dinner and breakfast but some ryokan also offer no meal plans these days ryokan are listed in most hotel reservation websites and can easily be booked online note that most ryokan charged by person rather than by room and some dokkan do not accept single travelers keep also in mind that reservations for the same day are often not possible due to meal preparations that have to be made in advance before your arrival arrival staff aderogan will put great emphasis on your arrival and ensure that you will feel welcomed taken care of and relaxed the entryway of a ryokan called genkan is the physical boundary between the outside and inside world there outside shoes are to be removed and stored since they're not supposed to be worn inside once you've taken your shoes off it is considered good manners to turn them to point towards the door if a stone is present it is considered part of the outside and therefore you are supposed to step on it with your shoes on do not step on the elevated area with your outdoor footwear and likewise make sure not to stand in the lower area with your socks preferably wear socks instead of being barefoot and make sure your socks are clean and do not have any holes in some ryokan shoes do not need to be removed at the entrance but only in the room check-in occurs in one of three ways directly in your room at the lobby lounge area or at the reception desk just like in a regular hotel while filling the chicken form tea and snacks are usually offered in many dyokon you will be attended to by one person during your entire stay who will take care of your chicken serve your meals prepare your room and bid farewell when you leave we highly recommend checking in at least one to two hours before dinner which usually starts around six or seven pm to allow time to be properly greeted settle in and enjoy a nice relaxing hot bath before your meal your room yokan rooms can vary a lot depending on the size style and price of the dukan you're staying at they typically can accommodate two to four occupants have tatami floors with a low table at the center of the room and often have an adjacent smaller sitting room with western style table and chairs guests in adokan sleep japanese mattresses which are stored in a cabinet inside your room during the day and prepared by the staff in the evening during your meal typical amenities in ryokan rooms include a sink fridge toothbrushes a bathroom and western style toilet however in older establishments toilets and sinks are sometimes shared in a common area outside of your room it is important not to walk on tatami with shoes or slippers and to be careful not to dirty or damage it when carrying luggage slippers should be left neatly outside the tatami room when using the restrooms a different pair of slippers will be available for guests to use so they do not use the same ones used in the common areas guests will find bath towels in yukata which you can wear during your whole stay including meals to the bath and to bed here is a quick explanation on how to wear a yukata put on your yukata over your underwear and the shirts and socks optional fold the right hand side underneath the left hand side and hold it in place with your hand then fold the left hand side over the hand and hold it in place while you get your belt also called an obi wrap the ob around your waist cross it around your back and tie in the front for men it should rest fairly low on the hips for women the belt is tight at the waist finally adjust the knot so it lies on your right hip optionally in cooler weather the outer jacket can be worn over the yucata like a coat these coats may have a pocket for carrying small items such as your room key things to do staying at argan is synonymous with relaxing the inns often boast beautiful gardens baths and other common areas for guests to enjoy the most popular practice at erdogan is to indulge in a hot bath usually supplied by a hot spring although most ryokan have a whole range of gender segregated indoor and outdoor baths some offer mixed gender baths or private baths as well called kashkiriburo these private baths are made for families and couples who wish to bathe together and often require reservations before use at high-end places guests might also have a private hot spring bath in their guest room baths can be identified by the curtains that hang outside the changing room door blue is usually used for the men's bath in red for the women's bath mini ryokan switch the gender of the baths at a certain time of the day so that guests can enjoy all the baths offered by the facility here are a few etiquette rules on how to enjoy a bath at the bar you will need two towels a big one and a smaller one the small towel is used inside the bathing area the big one is left in the changing room and is used for drying your body completely baths are enjoyed naked so make sure to leave all your clothes and large towel in the changing room taking only your small body towel with you for washing drying and enhancing privacy wash or rinse yourself well with water before entering the bath and be careful not to put your body towel in the water finally dry yourself with your body towel before returning to the changing room so that the floor does not get wet and there you can use your large towel to dry your body completely another popular activity when staying at a dokkan is to enjoy the inns garden and grounds while wearing yukata in old fashioned hot spring resorts it is pretty common to stroll around the streets in yukata and enjoy some additional bath houses shopping or playing at old fashioned game arcades very large ryokan facilities often have karaoke rooms restaurants bars and game rooms which operate until late at night meals one of the highlights of arigan's day is getting to enjoy traditional and local japanese cuisine meals are often kaisekidori or multi-course japanese-style oat cuisine which starts with an appetizer followed by several dishes prepared using a variety of methods including raw dishes a soup a boiled dish a grilled dish a deep fried dish a steamed or dressed in vinegar dish and conclude with rice miso soup and pickles followed by a dessert dinner often starts at around 6 or 7 p.m and is served either in your room in a separate private dining room or in a communal dining area guests traditionally eat their meal while wearing their yukata although regular clothing is acceptable note that if you have any food restrictions it is important to notify the establishment prior to your arrival so modifications can be made to the menu when it comes to breakfast most ryokan serve japanese style breakfast consisting of rice miso soup and multiple dishes of local and seasonal specialties some will offer a western style option and some large ryokan may have a buffet-style breakfast which includes both japanese and western dishes just like with dinner it is totally acceptable to eat breakfast in your yukata or in regular clothing check out last but not least is the checkout which usually is at 10 or 11 am although many yoga now accept major credit cards smaller establishments may require you to pay the bill in cash once the bill is paid the staff including the person who attended to you during your stay will help you into your shoes and wave and bow goodbye as you leave the premises and there you have it all the nuts and bolts of how to stay in a yoga thanks for watching hopefully this video has given you the confidence to try out one of these traditional inns during your stay in japan for more information or to watch another video click the links on the screen now or head over to japanguy.com your comprehensive up-to-date travel guide first hand from japan be sure to subscribe and click the notification bell for more videos about japan happy travels

  Top Comments:
  1. @C.Alexander.Velasquez [1 likes]: ❤
  2. @joanmaloof6929 [1 likes]: I would love to do a small solo tour of Ryokans in the south of Japan. Are there any tour companies that could arrange this?
  3. @NH0004 [1 likes]: I really enjoy watching videos like this, even though I don’t know when I’ll have the chance to visit Japan.  I already passed N3 and hope I can visit there someday
  4. @shartig52 [1 likes]: Oh, I would love to go to Japan and stay in one of these places. How peaceful.
  5. @itneeds2bsaid528 [1 likes]: From experience: Take their hint and only do a weekend or two night stay. Spent three nights of my honeymoon at a Hakone Ryokan w/ meals and a private outdoor hot-spring fed tub attached to our room. By day three we had run out of things to do in town, and the owners had to admit they didn't know what to make us for dinner. Although they did run out and get some sliced Wagyu and introduced us to Shabu Shabu, which was amazing!
  6. @jebwatson [1 likes]: I still dream about the sento I visited in Japan. Truly the most relaxed I have ever been.
  7. @JayTheTraveleeVet [1 likes]: What is the name of Ryokan in big building like 5 star hotel?
Appreciated for reply answer.
  8. @yedabocaletto95 [1 likes]: Muito explicativo. Obrigada. 🙏🏼
  9. @ronthekid123 [1 likes]: Anyone know the location of the Ryokan in the video please?
  10. @princehamdanjournalmagazin-s1s [1 likes]: Nice
  11. @Thomas_Name: I am a psychiatric patient. I love Japanese culture but I hate normaltrash and in Japan there are a lot of normaltrash. Japanese people need to learn to respect people with a psychological disability and learn true love and kindness.
  12. @Manhwaកំណើតថ្មី: រឿងនេះមានគំនិតល្អ
  13. @ilovechocolate934: Nude baths 🤔
  14. @jessepower: Well, those are not the standard Ryokan rates nowadays...
  15. @maegannguyen726: What is the name of the ryoka osen that you stayed in this video thanks
  16. @begie666: Can I test Katana bamboo cutting eXperience? ❤
  17. @ericadrueF: The onsen with the stained glass is so beautiful- where is this?
  18. @DanCollins-d7f: Ah! Beyond my abilities. I am sad. Etiquette excludes me. I am a barbarian. Etsuko, help me!
  19. @ignaciourena5692: You scared me, I’m going to avoid a ryokan
  20. @Alex-hy9cw: 4:49 so much for "no bare feet" ?

- Japan's Most Popular Foods Explained: Kind: captions Language: en When you think of popular Japanese food, what do you think of… maybe sushi? Recently ramen’s been all the rage. Perhaps you’ve heard of karaage? Oh, but there’s so much more. We have yakitori, curry rice, yakiniku, sukiyaki, gyoza, tempura, soba, tonkatsu, hambagu, and I could go on and on, but we’ve got to stop somewhere. Not only am I going to introduce to you all these famous Japanese dishes, but I’ll show you the different ways they’re eaten, where they’re eaten, tell you a bit about their history, and hopefully you can learn a little bit about Japanese culture through it all. Hello World! This is Life Where I’m From, and let’s dig into some of Japan’s famous foods. Okay, so let’s start off with Sushi. Sushi is vinegared rice usually with some sugar and salt, plus a variety of ingredients called neta, such as vegetables, meat, or most commonly, seafood, which may be raw or cooked. In the early 1800’s in Edo, which is now called Tokyo, Nigiri zushi was born, which back then was essentially raw fish on top of vinegared rice. Back then, nigiri zushi was 2 or even 3 times the size of what it is today. So what in Japanese they would call Texas Size. I’m kidding, but I have seen Texas King Steak before! Now talking with my wife, she said that growing up in the 80’s, sushi was a special meal for her family. If I have to compare it to Canada, I’d say it sounds like it was similar to going out to a nice steakhouse for someone’s birthday or an anniversary. It wasn’t something you’d make yourself at home, and to this day, it still really isn’t. But it’s become ever more accessible. You can get it at a family restaurant, you pick it off a rotating plate, kaiten style, and you can grab a to go pack from a grocery or convenience store. Places will even deliver sushi platters to you. And there are so many kinds of sushi. Nigiri zushi is some main item on sushi rice that is shaped into bite-size pieces. Maki zushi is ingredients that are laid on a bed of sushi rice, which is on top of seaweed, a.k.a. nori, and is rolled up and then sliced into pieces. The seaweed is on the outside of the roll, not the inside. However, the famous inside out roll, or uramaki, is believed to have been invented by a Japanese chef in L.A. or Vancouver in the 70’s, depending on which story you listen to. That famous uramaki is the California roll, which surprisingly, I have found in Japan, but it’s a very rare occurrence. Inari zushi is a pouch of fried tofu that contains sushi rice. Chirashizushi is ingredients scattered over top of a bed of sushi rice. And then there’s temaki zushi, which literally means handrolled sushi. This is the kind of sushi that you will actually find being hand made in a Japanese home. We even featured this at a party at my sister-in-law Akko’s place. Sashimi, which is sliced pieces of seafood, is often confused as sushi, but in fact isn’t, even though most places that you can order sushi from would also serve sashimi. Sushi is often served with wasabi, pickled ginger, and soy sauce. And what most people think of as wasabi is in reality flavoured and dyed horseradish. Freshly grated real wasabi is expensive and rare… and also quite tasty on top of ice cream! And the best place to get sushi is at a specialty sushi shop, where you sit at the counter and they make sushi fresh for you right in front of your eyes. There are 3 rules that you might have heard about that I want to explain the nuances of. First, yes, you can pick up the sushi in your hand and eat it with one bite. Second, you’re not supposed to mix the wasabi and the soy sauce. The reason is that the wasabi will melt in the soy sauce diminishing it’s flavour. Plus there’s already wasabi the chef put in. If you want to add wasabi, just place it on top of the neta. Third, you’re not supposed to dip the rice in the soy sauce, as the rice can fall apart as well as absorb too much sauce ruining the delicate flavour. For using chopsticks, the chef taught Akko to tip the nigiri sideways first, then pick it up, making it easy to dip it in the soy sauce. I’m glad the chef let Akko do this part as he had me make sushi, and I was quite terrible. The last little thing I think is interesting is that it’s said you judge the quality of a sushi place by their tamago. If they can get that right, then you know everything else is good. Others will say that it’s the rice. Yakiniku is a relatively recent dish, with restaurants only opening up after world war II. In the postwar period beef and pork became a prohibited commodity and couldn’t be sold. But restaurants could offer the offal, so like the entrails and the internal organs, like the liver, heart, and kidney. And, when grilled up in Japan, these were called horumon yaki. Later on choice cuts like karubi and rosu, boneless short rib and lean roast, became the standard. Now when do you eat Yakiniku? I don’t think it’s considered an everyday item, but more something you’d make for social gatherings. It’s meat and other things grilled on a BBQ, so if we compare it to the U.S. or Canada, it’s similar to how people like to have a BBQ with other people while at an outdoor event, like camping or a picnic. A difference though, is that it’s also done indoors at home, and there’s even special electric grills that you can buy. I think the reason you wouldn’t do this inside your home more often, because it is much more affordable than restaurants, is that it’s messy. During cooking you want to open windows and run your exhaust fan. After you’re cleaning up all the grease from your table and floors. But it’s easy enough to do at home as they have the meats all sliced up and ready to go at the supermarket for you. Typically you don’t only grill meats, but veggies as well, like onions, peppers, potatoes, and cabbage, and any kind of seafood you might like. They’re often dipped in a sauce called yakiniku no tare, which is literally yakiniku sauce, which is a soy based sauce. My brother-in-law loves freshly grated garlic in his, which is tasty, but you don’t want to be around him afterwards. The easiest experience is at a specialty place, and while there are electric or gas options, sumiyaki, or charcoal is considered the best. The nice thing is that while you still need to cook the food yourself, you don’t have to clean up afterwards. Although you do pay much more for the experience, with similar cuts of meats costing 2 to 3 times as much vs. if you bought it at a butcher and made it at home. If you visit Japan and want to do your own yakiniku outdoors, many places will offer bbq rentals. Often you bring the meat, but rent the set, like what we did glamping in Kochi. Ramen is said to have come from Chinese wheat noodle dishes brought to port cities in Japan, like Fukuoka and Yokohama. It was in the years after World War II that ramen started to take root, as stalls called yatai would offer these cheap and nutritious dishes to customers. As ramen developed across the country, so did regional varieties, like tonkotsu ramen in Kyushu, shoyu or soy sauce ramen in Tokyo, shio or salt ramen in Tohoku, and miso ramen in Hokkaido. And there’s my favourite, tsukumen, which is noodles dipped into the soup bowl instead of being placed in it. My wife often likes mazesoba, which is a brothless ramen. It’s presented to you beautifully, only to have you mix everything up into a delicious mess. Of course there are more types of ramen, like tantanmen which originates from Chinese Sichuan cuisine and their dandan noodles. It’s one of those rare dishes in Japan that really is spicy. So depending on what part of Japan you’re visiting, you can experience a plethora of ramen varieties, which used to be universally under 1,000 yen, but with inflation, I’ve been seeing that number creep up past it at certain places. For Americans, at the current exchange rate, that’s like 7 bucks, taxes included and no tips wanted. It’s a very affordable working class dish that’s great for a quick get in and get out bite. The best place to eat ramen is undoubtedly at specialty shops that serve ramen and nothing else, where you’ll buy a ticket at a machine and then get served as soon as the bowl is ready. But you can get ramen anywhere and in any form nowadays. Family restaurant - check! Super sento - check! Instant - check Fresh cook at home noodles - check Take home collaboration packs from famous ramen chefs - check Frozen reheated noodles - check To go packs from your favourite specialty restaurant... Normally no, but during COVID there was a time where we were able to do this and we were actually touched by the taste, being able to again experience a flavour we hadn’t had for many months. In Japanese you would say 感動しました！ I was moved. While ramen has traditionally been a cheap, simple dish, chefs are upping the game with fancier ingredients and a ton of creativity. During the 70’s, 80’s, and into the 90’s there was a boom in Japan where it’s popularity soared. I don’t know about the rest of the world, but I’ve seen a similar boom in Vancouver, Canada over the past decade, where now it seems like you can find a ramen shop on every street. And while ramen is generally a quick eat and go noodle dish, it’s surprisingly not as fast as you would think. If you want fast, you have to go to the soba and udon shops, where you can be eating within a minute or two. This next dish is called hanbaagu, as in Hamburg, Germany, where the uber popular American Hamburger also got its name. The Japanese version is usually made from ground meat, like beef, pork, or both, mixed with onions, breadcrumbs, and egg. The most popular topping is probably a demi-glace sauce, but there are plenty of other toppings that can be put on, like daikon oroshi. Like many dishes featured, this became popular in the postwar period. Even though it was originally beef and whole cuts were expensive, ground meats like pork and chicken were not, and when fillers were added, like the onions, breadcrumbs, and eggs, it became an affordable dish you could make at home. In the 1960’s pre-cooked versions started to become popular, and they come frozen in a plastic bag that only needs to be boiled. This is a popular and profitable dish in family restaurants, and I must admit, it’s one of my go-to’s as it’s inexpensive and one of the items where you can get a calorie count that’s closer to 500 than 1000 if you don’t order it with the set that comes with rice and miso soup. There are specialty hanbaagu restaurants, or steak restaurants that offer hanbaagu, but my gut instinct is that only a very small portion of hanbaagu’s in Japan are made at these places. And I realize this is not a hanbaagu restaurant behind me. While a hanbaagu at a family restaurant will often contain a few potato wedges and perhaps some corn, green beans, and carrots, as mentioned previously, you can make it a set which adds rice and miso soup. It’ll usually come on a hot plate so that the sauce can splatter over you as you eat. This is a popular dish for bentos that you can pick up at convenience and grocery stores as well. Overall, it’s an inexpensive dish that because it’s bunless and rice is optional, feels healthier than its American counterpart. Tonkatsu is a breaded pork cutlet that’s deep fried into deliciousness. The katsu part of tonkatsu is said to come from the English word cutlet which comes from the French word “côtelette”. Cutlet. カツレツ. Yeah, katsu doesn’t sound that similar to me, but that’s most of katakana for me. The ton part means pig. So really, tonkatsu means pork cutlet. The origin story goes that it was first offered as a thin piece of breaded meat that was deep fried in a Ginza restaurant in 1899 and was actually called PORK CUTLET, or in Japanese, ポークカツレツ. But then the dish changed when, taking cues from how tempura is made, a thick piece of meat was coated in a thick batter and deep fried. It’s said that in 1929 a Western-style restaurant in Ueno called Ponchiken began selling the dish with the name “tonkatsu”. It’s typically served with shredded cabbage, rice, and miso soup and comes with a thick Worcestershire-style sauce aptly named tonkatsu sauce. I like freshly grinding sesame seeds into the sauce and adding a bit of karashi or spicy mustard. It can also be served with grated daikon. There are so many cuts nowadays, like menchi and mille feuille, but the standard cuts are roast and fillet. When you eat it at a specialty restaurant it’ll usually come with unlimited cabbage, which is said to help reduce the absorption of fat from the pork cutlet. And that cabbage is usually topped with ponzu or gomma dressing. gomma meaning sesame. To make tonkatsu on your own, you get a piece of pork, cover it in flour, then dip it in egg, then dip it in panko, and then fry it in oil. But since that can be messy, I think most people who eat it at home would take it out from a specialty restaurant or pick it up at a grocery store. Then at home, one would add side dishes to it. It’s a standard dish offered at family restaurants and is generally reasonable in price as pork is relatively cheap in Japan. While tonkatsu may not be the prime choice for a special occasion like an anniversary, there are special times that it’s eaten. In Japanese, katsu means win or victory, so before a big test or big game you might have a tonKATSU meal for good luck. Health wise it’s perhaps not the best idea, especially if paired with a Kitto Katto, a Kit Kat, which shares a similar superstition due to its name. Being a Buddhist country, eating meat in Japan was banned until just after the start of the Meiji restoration in 1872. However, wild birds such as pheasants, ducks, and small birds were not banned. These birds were called Yakitori, which literally means grilled birds. During the middle of the Meiji period, so the late 1800s, yakitori stalls opened up. And while chicken was expensive, they would skewer offcuts and offal, as well as pork and beef. While pork and beef are obviously not birds, the term yakitori, grilled bird, still applies to all of those skewered items as well. In the 1960’s broiler chickens, so the birds that are good for eating, not the device that cooks the birds, were introduced from the U.S. and yakitori really took off. Now as mentioned, anything can be placed on a skewer and be called yakitori, like chicken, pork and beef, but there are many versions that add non-meat items in between, like negi, asparagus, garlic, tomatoes, and cheese. The two main seasonings are salt or a soy based sauce called tare. I don’t think I’ve seen anyone grill yakitori in a Japanese home until we bought this little yakitori grill for a video about Japanese food technology for single people. But I have seen it brought home pre-cooked many times, either from the grocery store or from a yakitori stand or little restaurant. Like tonkatsu, they’re great to pick up on your way home to use as your main protein, and then add other side dishes to it. While there are specialized yakitori restaurants, which will be the best place to enjoy yakitori, the most common place you may dine in and eat yakitori is probably at an izakaya, a Japanese pub. Yakitori is generally not a main dish kind of item, although I’ve certainly used it as one. It’s more of a side dish or snack, and a great item to get at an izakaya, a food stall at a festival, or a yatai upon your exit from a train station. As far as pricing goes, they’re not going to break the bank, but there are usually cheaper ways to fill yourself up. Curry rice, or as the Japanese call it, カレーライス, came to Japan from the English, which came to them from their colonies in the Bengal region of India. Rice was used, not naan, because that’s the main staple in the region. So in Japan, if you go to an Indian or Nepalese restaurant, the default accompaniment to your curry is naan, whereas with Japanese カレーライス it’s rice of course. The taste is also completely different from Indian curry, at least to me, who thinks that West Indian curry is the best curry. Although personally it’s a toss up between dhalpuri roti and naan. And in case you couldn’t tell, my parents are from the West Indies, so that’s why the curry preferences. What I’m taking a long time to say is that Japanese curry is way too sweet and comes with rice, when instead it could be spicier and come with naan or roti. The standard Japanese curry rice comes with potatoes, onions, and carrots and can be used with pork, chicken, beef, or even seafood. But if you’re in the Kansai region, beef will be the default, whereas if you’re in Kantou, it’s pork. It was popular as military food, since it was well balanced with high nutritional value, and I’m suspecting also cheap and easy to make. It then became a staple in school lunches, probably also for the same reasons. My wife said that curry is a really great dish to make at home since you can put anything you want into the curry and easily put it together. People mainly only used to buy store bought packages for their roux, but nowadays people are getting fancier and using their own spices. So it’s a go-to dish at home, because as the military and schools found out, it’s cheap, easy, and nutritious. While you’ll find curry in so many places, from family restaurants to conbini’s, you won’t generally find them as high end dishes, unless you go to Kanaya hotel in Nikko and spend many yen for their beef curry, which was admittedly delicious. But, you will find fast food curry chains, like Coco Ichiban, where you can get your quick fix. And because I’m a bit of a hater of most Japanese curry, I have noticed that Japanese like to put curry in everything. Ramen curry. Tonkatsu curry. Curry udon. Curry pan. What else? Oh, there’s pouch curry you can buy that’s shelf stable, so you only need to boil it and serve. It’s great for when there’s an emergency like a natural disaster, but also in an emergency when you don’t know what to make for dinner. Tempura was introduced by the Portuguese, who also brought guns back in the 1500’s. If you’ve seen Shogun you know this. The origin of the word is from the Portuguese word “Tempora”, which I have no clue how to pronounce, which refers to the times of fasting. During fasting, the Jesuits were forbidden from eating meat and instead ate fish and veggies that were battered in flour and deep fried. Nowadays, tempura is made by coating seafood or vegetables with a flour, egg, and cold water mixture, and sometimes baking soda or baking powder is added to make the batter light. Then it’s deep fried in oil. Once cooked, it’s then dipped in tempura sauce, which is dashi, soy sauce, and mirin. You usually add grated daikon to the sauce, and at fancier places, they might offer up a selections of salts to dip your tempura into as well. While there are specialty tempura restaurants, it’s so much more common to find tempura at other places. Like if you eat at a soba or udon noodle shop, they often have tempura to go along with it. It’s probably more common to eat tempura outside of the home, or bring it home as takeout, then to make it at home. That being said, my mother-in-law will often make a batch of tempura every few weeks and then send them out to her family members. And now that I think of it, she also does this with gyoza, which I’ll get to, I promise. Like yakitori, tempura is not usually eaten on it’s own, but as an accompaniment to a dish. However, if you go to a specialty restaurant like this, it’s served one piece at a time like a fancy omakase sushi experience. If you’re a lover of tempura, this is the way. Soba, or more specifically buckwheat, has long been grown in Japan. It’s especially known for its ability to grow in harsh terrain and be harvested 2 or even 3 times a year. It wasn’t until around the Edo period in the 1600’s that they started cutting them into the buckwheat noodles that you now know today. While soba nowadays generally refers to buckwheat noodles, they can be mixed with wheat flour, so you might get a mix of 80% buckwheat, 20% wheat. If it’s pure buckwheat, they generally promote it as jyuwari soba, or 100% buckwheat. But if you go to Okinawa and have Okinawa soba, that’s 100% wheat flour. Or if you order maze soba at a ramen restaurant, this dish that originated in Nagoya will be made from wheat noodles as well. And if you order Chuka Soba, that’s the old name meaning Chinese Noodles, which are ramen noodles. A place I often visit are supa sentos, or super baths. Not only do they have bathing facilities, but they’ll have a restaurant, and they usually serve soba. It’s not uncommon to find a grinding wheel creating fresh buckwheat flour to make into noodles. The most basic version is cold soba that’s dipped in tsuyu, made of dashi, sweetened soy sauce, and mirin. It’ll have sliced negi and some wasabi, and that’s it. You’ll most likely be given sobayu, which is the water that’s left over after cooking the soba, and is chock full of minerals. You’re supposed to pour it into your leftover tsuyu and drink it. I personally find it too salty, so I’ll drink it straight up. Beyond zaru soba, you can dress it up as much as you like. Put it in soup, eat it with tempura, have it as a salad, or fry it up. Out of the dishes presented in this video, it’s considered one of the healthier ones. The 100% buckwheat version is gluten free and has a low GI relative to other typical carbs like udon, ramen or white rice. I mentioned eating soba at supa sentos, but a very popular way to consume it is at tachigui soba shop, which means stand up eating soba. They’re very popular around train stations, and are even sold in little shops on the platforms themselves. And by the way, even if the name has stand up soba in it, they may also have seats available. But the shop will be designed around finding whatever spot is available and quickly eating your food and going. To me it’s one of the healthiest fast food options in Japan, especially if you can manage to avoid the tempura and get some non-fried veggies with your dish. There are many specialty soba restaurants, which, I don’t want to confuse things, usually also offer udon noodles as well. Talking with a soba shop owner in Tokyo, he said that the numbers have dropped over the decades as other forms of foods have risen in popularity. When traveling around the inaka, the rural areas of Japan, I can’t really think of a region where tourists gather that don’t have homemade soba noodle shops. Soba is also quite popular as a to go item at convenience and grocery stores, especially the zaru soba type that’s easy to package and doesn’t need to be heated. If I had to equate soba to a food in Canada or the U.S., I want to say it’s as ubiquitous as finding a hamburger. They’re found in specialty shops, fast food shops, family restaurants, and almost anywhere that serves food. Soba is also easily cooked at home, and zaru soba is a popular summer dish. While the soup version is great in winter. And on the last day of the year, everyone eats toshi koshi soba in order to let go of the past hardships, since soba noodles are easily cut. Cut the noodles, cut the hardships. Soba is a very affordable and quick dish, which I’m sure has contributed to its long lived popularity. If you eat it at a fast food place, you can get a dish for only 500 yen. But if you got to a specialty restaurant that makes their own, you can expect to pay about double the price, which is still extremely affordable. Keeping the hamburger analogy alive, when I’m hungry, tired, and in a hurry, in Canada I often cave in and go to McDonald’s to get a quick fix. In Japan, it’s a fast food soba noodle shop, and my body likes me better afterwards as well. Oh karaage, one of my favourite forms of chicken. Akko likes it as well, since she made a whole video about it! However, I should clarify that karaage can be deep fried anything, but if someone in Japan says they want to eat karaage, it’s assumed they’re talking about the deep fried chicken version. As we learned with yakitori, chicken wasn’t really consumed in large quantities until broilers came over from the U.S. in the 1960’s, so it’s a relatively recent dish. Although, the act of frying and making karaage, it dates back to the 8th century from China, so it’s also a very old technique. So karaage is usually made with chicken thighs that are marinated with garlic, ginger, sake, and soy sauce. Then it’s covered in an egg and flour batter and deep fried. It can be a main dish that comes with salad, rice, and miso soup. But it can also be a side dish that goes with almost anything. It’s popular at izakayas, parties, bentos, and at home. You can also buy it at specialty shops, usually as a take out item. And to think of it, a good number of places that sell food also offer karaage. When I asked my wife what special occasion she associates with karaage, undokai, or sports day, was her answer. Parents will bring lunch to eat for the family picnic and it’s a staple item. Out of the deep fried items we’ve covered, like tonkatsu and tempura, karaage is the easiest one to make at home. Chicken thighs are easy to find anywhere and they’re even pre cut at the grocery store to the right shape. For cooking it’s also easy to throw it all together in a bowl and then do a few rounds of frying. The two main versions of karaage you’ll see are ones made with flour and the other with corn starch. But I’m told that every family has their own specific recipe, so no karaage is alike… unless you’re using the pre-packaged mixes. Since the eating of beef was basically banned until the start of the Meiji period in the 1860’s, sukiyaki couldn’t be eaten before then, however there is a report of a Shogun receiving marinated beef. Now, the start of the meat eating culture in Tokyo was with gyunabe, or beef hot pot, and that was basically considered a feast for the common people since they had previously been prohibited from the consumption of meat. Sukiyaki is a dish consisting of beef simmered in a soy sauce, sugar, and sake based broth with ingredients such as negi, shungiku, and grilled tofu. After cooking you dip it in raw egg. In the past, sukiyaki was usually only eaten at restaurants, like what we’re doing here in Kobe with Kobe Beef. This wasn’t a popular dish made at home, but a fancy treat. Think job promotion, anniversary, visitors from out of town. But nowadays, you can make it at home, and thin cuts of beef are sold at supermarkets and butcher stores, and wagyu producing regions also sell their own great-for-sukiyaki cuts. Although I should still say that the cuts of beef are top of the line and are not cheap. People at home generally go for a more humble experience eating nabe, which is the Japanese version of hot pot where you can throw any ingredients into a soup broth. While sukiyaki is an expensive dish, it’s also a quick to cook one, since you’re speedily cooking the thin slices of beef and then immediately eating them. Now this is only my opinion, but if I’m getting nice cuts of meat, I’d rather eat them yakiniku style since I don’t want to cover the flavour of expensive wagyu. Or have the chef cook bigger chunks of the meat in front of me, teppanyaki style. We’ve finally reached one of my favourite Japanese dishes, gyoza. Like with many Japanese dishes, it’s origins come from China. It’s said that Japanese soldiers initially ate them during the occupation of Manchuria and then after the war was over, they were nostalgic for the taste, and started to make and eat them in Japan. The definition of gyoza is a dough made from flour and cooked by wrapping ingredients in the dough, so it can be made in various shapes and with different ingredients inside. In Japan, the most popular form of gyoza is fried pork gyoza, or buta yaki gyoza. Inside it will be cabbage, nira, garlic, and ginger. And it can be dipped in a sauce that is soy based with vinegar and chili oil. Unless you’re in Utsunomiya, famous for gyoza, it’s not normally a main dish, but more of a side dish to accompany a bowl of ramen, or as a snack at an izakaya. You can pick them up at convenience and grocery stores, but you can also make them at home, although it’s not something you quickly whip together. My mother-in-law often batch makes them and will freeze them for future use. You can also easily buy frozen gyozas to quickly fry or boil up at home. Our family uses it as an emergency meal for when we don’t know what to do. While fried gyoza is the most popular, you can get it in soup as well. Some gyoza will be fried in a circle shape and is called wing gyoza. The flour crisps up to create a thin crunchy base. My sensei made this in our “What Japanese REALLY eat for dinner” video. Now as you may have noticed, all the dishes we covered are depicted on this tenugui, a traditional Japanese hand towel, that was handmade by Japanese craftspeople both in Tokyo and in Mie-ken. We previously made a whole video about the process, but I did want to highlight a few of the differences this time around. The inspiration was this osechi ryori tenugui. Beautiful, but there are so few shokunin that have the skill to do this, so we had to go with a different method of dyeing. This time we wanted to make it as colourful as possible, so we upped the colours to five, which also made the dyeing job more difficult. Like last time, we made a batch of 500 of these tenugui. We were also able to dye up another 200 of the previous design, so if you hadn’t been able to get your hands on one before, now’s your chance. Just check the link in the description. Or simply go to shop.lifewhereimfrom.com. Or just scan the QR code, we can do that now as well for all you people sitting on the couch in front of the TV. And oh yeah, there were two food items on the tenugui that we didn’t yet mention. Those, of course, were rice and miso soup. While they are usually not the main dish, they are staples and can almost go with any meal. If you have a meal and they say “do you want to make it a set”, the set almost always includes rice and miso soup. You can have them with breakfast, with lunch, or with dinner. Rice is additionally popular in onigiri form as it makes a convenient portable on-the-go meal that can be eaten anywhere. It’s equivalent to the sandwich in the United States and Canada. Rice can also be made into mochi, nihonshuu, amazake, crackers… into anything. It’s everywhere and the possibilities are endless. As for miso, the paste can be used as a dip for veggies, as a base for ramen soup, as a face mask for softer skin… Ah no, don’t do that. But like rice, you’ll find miso in so many things. As always, thanks for watching, see you next time, peace! What are popular foods like where you’re from?

  Top Comments:
  1. @LifeWhereImFrom [94 likes]: If you'd like a tenugui (traditional Japanese Hand Towel), we're selling them at https://shop.lifewhereimfrom.com/ Please note that we were only able to do an initial run of 500 of the popular Japanese Foods tenugui and 200 of the previous scenes from Life Where I'm From tenugui. The shokunin (artisans) are incredibly busy at this time of year. The first batch of orders will be shipped in early December 2024. The second batch will be shipped in early February 2025. Once shipped it should arrive in 2-4 weeks. Thanks! Greg
  2. @peterthebeaverr [1 likes]: Bro why u film some naked dude in the onsen lmao
  3. @anonplayer8529: This comes way too late I reckon, but is jingisukan too northern phenomenon to be considered "popular in Japan"?
  4. @kklchau: The rule of eating sushi is ignore all rules and eat it however you like
  5. @佐藤さん-h4t: If you want to eat delicious Japanese food, you should go to a chain restaurant. Yoshinoya, Sukiya, Matsuya, Nakau, Gyukaku, Tonkatsu Wako, Katsuya, Tendon Tenya, Sushiro, Bikkuri Donki, Gyoza no Ohsho, Shabu-Yo, Bamiyan, Ootoya, Yayoi-ken, Coco Ichibanya Curry, Saizeriya, Royal Host, Marugame Seimen, Ichiran Ramen, Fuji Soba, Torikizoku, Kushikatsu Tanaka, Okonomiyaki Chibo, etc.
  6. @noablaespano: Omg. Even old frozen rubbery fish in American restaurants is so expensive.
  7. @akiyama7777: Unfortunately, the explanation of ramen is incomplete.
Ramen restaurants first appeared in Tokyo in 1910, and ramen was already quite popular among Japanese people before the war.
  8. @zoetoast: Love these videos talking about popular foods :)
  9. @KieslingMazowieski: Buzzing with energy.
  10. @chantheman8443: Great video
  11. @frank88ster: Japanese curry is more like stew to westerners.
  12. @TravelwithRichardandJudy: "occupation" of Manchuria? 🙄
  13. @djangounchained7314: I really enjoy your videos
  14. @rrrrrrrrrt3793: I can see why western tourists sometimes complain about the food. It all looks heavy and rich. I'm not sure what I expected but I'll have to be careful when I finally get there.
  15. @ericulese3651: ❤kitto katto: kit kat
  16. @xxblacktear: loved the little light hearted hate tirade against japanese curry 😂🩷

I understand the criticism totally tho. I decided long ago I will just see and recognise them as completely different dishes (saying this respectfully as a white girl who has neither claim to indian nor to japanese curry, but ya know.. haha)
  17. @HolyTrinityOaxaca: Love you and your content on this (would love to have the piano soundrtrack go away--it's distracting from your narration). Thank you y
  18. @daisystrait: HAMBURGU???
  19. @daisystrait: RICEBALL
  20. @skogkatt3392: Not very many fish dishes in this video, I am surprised? I would be interested in a video on how Japan prepares local fish!

- Bluefine tuna ban rejected: Kind: captions Language: en bluefin tuna are some of the most sought after fish in the world one bluefin can sell for over 100 thousand dollars the fish is renowned for providing the highest quality sashimi in sushi well so what's the problem we're fishing them into extinction now i think it's less than 15 percent of the stock of ams in 1970s so that's pretty bad because we would consider a population is overfished when it's down to 20 percent of uh it's a virgin biomass now it's uh even compared with the 1970s no it's not a virgin bias biomass back then it's only 15 so it's really bad in bed in better shape a week ago at the convention of international trade of endangered species many people were vying for a ban that would prohibit the fishing of bluefin tuna the ban was supported by the white house but japan openly said that should the ban pass they would ignore it in a decision made last night the ban was rejected fishing for bluefin tuna will continue i think i think the key is enforcement it's not like everybody in real life you know realize uh we'll catch too much right now and the quarter shouldn't be reduced even japanese were like that and i i and and uh but you know this is a it's very hard to enforce sushi bar owners and blue fin fishermen let out a collective sigh of relief after the ban was rejected more than just a beautiful fish bluefin tuna is a delicacy ichiban a bangor japanese sushi bar does not serve bluefin tuna because of the high price the owner said quote bluefin is hard to come by in america in japan it is the best it's good the ban was rejected because in japan bluefin tuna is a way of life there aren't too many bluefin fishermen in the state of maine but the few that are here strongly opposed the ban they even received the backing of maine senator olympia snow who openly voiced her opposition when she told the portland press herald quote our fishermen have operated under the strongest conservation measures in the world if this ban is approved they will have to pay the price for all the other bad actors failure to control harvest levels end quote now as dr chen noted stronger enforcement is needed to make all parties happy if strict quotas are set and enforced the bluefin tuna species has a chance to thrive as well as tuna connoisseurs like dr chen will remain satisfied they're very tasty though

  Top Comments:
  1. @Skittishjoker: oh....wow you......you suck.

- Fears of contamination hit sales at Tokyo fish market: Kind: captions Language: en Wow, why does n't it take 10 years for the fish to come back? There's still some left, right? I'm not too worried and I'm eating it. Yeah, I'm just a little worried, but I am really worried. It's a terrible thing, after all. Please invite foreigners. Because of the nuclear earthquake and tsunami, the electricity is down, so foreigners like Chinese, Koreans, and Americans are all staying in the back. So there will be very few customers, sorry.

- These 5 fishes Cause health problems and even death because of dangerous elements in their bodies: Kind: captions Language: en Among its inhabitants, fish hold a special place, providing sustenance and vital nutrients to countless creatures, including ourselves. Rich in protein, vitamins, and those essential omega-3 fatty acids, fish offer a wealth of health benefits, combating inflammation, safeguarding our hearts, and even warding off chronic ailments. Yet, this watery realm, while abundant, also harbors hidden dangers. Within the very creatures we seek for nourishment, certain species accumulate levels of harmful elements, a consequence of the delicate balance of the marine food web. It is these species, these denisins of the deep that require our attention for their consumption, especially in excess, can pose a risk to our well-being. The swordfish, a magnificent creature of the open ocean, admired for its speed and grace. Its namesake sword, a formidable weapon used to stun prey, makes it a prized catch for sport fishermen. But within this apex predator lies a hidden threat, mercury. As a large long-ived species, swordfish accumulate mercury in their bodies over time, absorbing it from the smaller fish they consume. This accumulation, known as biommagnification, means that larger, older swordfish harbor the highest levels of mercury, a potent neurotoxin. Mercury, also known as quicks, shimmers with a deceptive beauty in its liquid form. But this element with the symbol HD and atomic number 80 belies a sinister nature found naturally in the earth's crust. Mercury is released into the environment through various human activities including mining and the burning of fossil fuels. Once in the water, it transforms into methyl mercury, a highly toxic organic compound readily absorbed by marine life. For humans, exposure to high levels of mercury poses serious health risks. The nervous system responsible for our every thought, sensation, and movement is particularly vulnerable. Mercury poisoning can manifest in a range of neurological and behavioral disorders, from tremors and memory loss to vision and hearing impairment. The developing brains of fetuses and young children are especially susceptible to mercury's damaging effects. But the dangers don't stop there. Mercury also targets our kidneys, those tireless filters of our blood and our liver, the body's master detoxifier. Even our digestive and immune systems can suffer under mercury's assault. Pregnant women, young children, and nursing mothers are advised to limit their consumption of high mercury fish like swordfish to protect themselves and their vulnerable offspring. While the occasional indulgence in swordfish might not pose a significant threat for most adults, moderation is key. By understanding the risks and making informed choices, we can continue to enjoy the bounty of the sea while safeguarding our health and the health of future generations. Patrolling the ocean depths with an air of ancient wisdom. Sharks inspire both awe and fear. These apex predators, masters of their domain, have roamed the oceans for millions of years. Their sleek forms honed by evolution. Yet even these lords of the sea are not immune to the pervasive threat of pollution. Like swordfish, sharks, particularly larger species like the great white and mako accumulate mercury in their tissues, a consequence of their position at the top of the food chain. For centuries, shark meat and fins have been consumed in various cultures, considered delicacies by some. However, this culinary tradition comes with a hidden cost. The very biology that makes sharks such efficient hunters, their longevity, their position as apex predators, also makes them susceptible to accumulating high levels of mercury. Consuming shark meat, especially in large quantities or over extended periods, can lead to mercury poisoning in humans. The symptoms, as we've explored with swordfish, can be wide-ranging and debilitating, affecting the nervous system, kidneys, and other vital organs. The potential for harm is even greater for pregnant women and young children as mercury can interfere with fetal development and cause lasting neurological damage. Beyond the health risks, the consumption of shark meat and fins raises serious ethical and environmental concerns. Many shark populations are in decline worldwide, threatened by over fishing driven by the demand for their fins, often used in shark fin soup, a luxury dish in some cultures. Along the sundrrenched coasts of Florida and the American South, a silver flash heralds the arrival of the king mackerel, a prized gamefish known for its fighting spirit and flavorful flesh. Anglers revel in the challenge of reeling in this powerful predator. Its sleek body a testament to its speed and agility. But beneath its regal exterior, the king mackerel harbors a secret, a consequence of its position in the marine food web mercury. Like its larger cousins, the swordfish and shark, king mackerel accumulates mercury in its tissues throughout its life. As a predatory fish, it consumes smaller fish, each carrying its own trace amounts of mercury absorbed from their environment and diet. Over time, this bioaccumulation process concentrates mercury in the king mackerel's flesh, posing a potential risk to those who consume it. While the king mackerel's smaller size means it generally contains lower levels of mercury compared to larger predatory fish, it's still important to exercise caution. Frequent consumption, especially for pregnant women, young children, and nursing mothers, can lead to mercury building up in the body, potentially exceeding safe levels and causing harm. The distinctive, somewhat strong flavor of King Mackerel, often described as fishy, can be off-putting to some pallets. This pronounced flavor is another indication of its position in the food chain, as fish higher up tend to have a more intense taste. In the vibrant coral reefs of tropical waters, a curious creature captures the imagination, the puffer fish. With its ability to inflate its body into a comical yet intimidating ball when threatened, the puffer fish has evolved a unique defense mechanism. But this seemingly comical creature harbors a deadly secret within its unassuming form. Tetrodotoxin. Tetrodotoxin or TTX is a potent neurotoxin found in the liver, ovaries, and skin of the puffer fish. This deadly poison 100 times more toxic than cyanide. Disrupts nerve signals leading to paralysis, respiratory failure, and death. The puffer fish, through a quirk of evolution, possesses a resistance to this toxin, allowing it to safely harbor this deadly substance within its own body. In Japan, the puffer fish, known as fugu, is considered a delicacy, a testament to the country's culinary artistry and daring. Highly trained and licensed chefs meticulously prepare fugu, removing the toxic organs with precision, as even a minute amount of tetratoxin can be fatal. Consuming fugu is a risky indulgence, a dance with death that has claimed lives despite the rigorous training of chefs. The allure of fugu lies in its unique taste and the tingling numbness it induces on the lips and tongue. A result of the trace amounts of tetrodotoxin that remain even after careful preparation. This tingling sensation, a reminder of the fish's deadly potential, is part of the fugu experience, a brush with danger that some find exhilarating. However, the risks associated with consuming puffer fish far outweigh any culinary thrill. The potential for error in preparation, the lack of an antidote for tetrodotoxin poisoning, and the ethical considerations of consuming a creature that could easily end a human life make fugu a dish best admired from a distance. In the vast expanse of the open ocean, a silver torpedo slices through the water. The Bluefin tuna. Prized for its rich, buttery flesh, Bluefin tuna is a staple of sushi restaurants worldwide. But beneath its prized exterior, the Bluefin tuna faces a growing threat, mercury contamination. This bioaccumulation process concentrates mercury in the bluefin tuna's tissues, posing health risks to humans. Sustainable fishing practices and consumer awareness are crucial to ensuring the survival of these magnificent creatures. Thanks for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe and share with others and write your thoughts about this fascinating nature life in the comment column below.

- China Vessel Held In Japan Waters! Captain Refuses Inspection, Tokyo Sends Warning… | VERTEX: Kind: captions Language: en A Chinese fishing boat pushes into Japan's waters and doesn't stop when ordered. Minutes later, its captain is in custody. Location: Japan's exclusive economic zone 89 nautical miles off Nagasaki. First seizure since [music] 2022. In a region already strained by island disputes and Taiwan [music] tensions, is this just fishing or a warning shot at sea? Japanese authorities have seized a Chinese fishing vessel and arrested its captain inside Japan's exclusive economic zone in an incident that could heighten tensions between Tokyo and Beijing. According to Japan's Fisheries Agency, as reported by Reuters and Kyoto News on February 12th and 13th, the 47year-old Chinese captain was detained after allegedly refusing to comply with an onboard inspection request in waters off southwest Nagasaki Prefecture, approximately 89.4 nautical miles souths southwest of Mishima Island. The agency said the captain was accused of trying to evade an onboard inspection after failing to stop when ordered. 10 additional crew members were on board at the time. At a press conference on February 13th, Chief Cabinet Secretary Minoru Kihara confirmed the arrest, stating, "At around noon on Thursday, February 12th, a Fisheries Agency patrol vessel arrested the captain of a Chinese fishing boat in Japan's exclusive economic zone near Yakushima after he refused to submit to an onboard inspection. The case is currently under investigation, but in order to prevent and deter illegal operations by foreign fishing vessels, we will continue to carry out enforcement activities with a firm and resolute stance. NHK reported that the vessel was capable of catching large quantities of fish, including mackerel and horse mackerel, and that authorities suspect it may have entered Japan's EEZ for illicit fishing. The agency did not disclose whether the captain admitted to the allegations, citing concerns over the ongoing investigation. Reuters reported that China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The arrest marks the first seizure of a Chinese fishing vessel by Japan since 2022. It follows a period of heightened diplomatic friction, including disputes over the Senkaku Islands, known as the Dru Islands in China, and tensions after remarks by Japanese Prime Minister Sai Taki in November regarding potential military intervention over Taiwan. Beijing subsequently summoned Japan's ambassador, conducted joint air drills with Russia in the East China [music] Sea and Western Pacific, tightened export controls on certain goods to Japan, [music] and reportedly suspended Japanese seafood imports. Japan has seized vessels from South Korea and Taiwan in recent years, but enforcement actions involving Chinese vessels carry broader geopolitical implications amid fragile bilateral ties. The maritime arrest underscores fragile SinoJapanese relations where fisheries enforcement increasingly [music] intersects with wider regional strategic rivalry and diplomacy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dantereyes9370: That's good to teach them a lesson. These are Chinese militia and are under the PLA maneuver look outs and provocateurs

- Sushi Masterclass: Step-by-step guide to making saba like a pro: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is J and today I'm going to show you how to break down Sava we're going to occur it and then we're going to pickle it so we have an ordered macro here it is slightly frozen this is more of a soft body of fish so frozen is next a little bit better otherwise it's really really breaks apart really easily I'm going to start from the back you want to cut forward just kind of ride the bone once you get to the fin make a slight diagonal cut right behind the thin that piece of come right off keeping the head on to protect your hand do the same thing let's write that bone again making that diagonal cut we've got our three pieces here we go and take the guts out and I'm going to lean this one against the other to kind of brace it so I don't break the meet take those ribs out it's like that same with the other side now we're going to take a half sheet pan lined with a bamboo mats let's give it a light pickle or light salt it's been about a tablespoon of salt per side now you notice we're all going to do this on the meat side and then we're going to let this sit for about an hour to okay so it's been an hour so I went ahead and rinsed off the curing salt alpha Saba and we're gonna place in the marinade chimera day is very basic all of this is a rice wine vinegar with a little bit of kombu so I'm gonna put this again face up so floats and I'm going to lay that combo right over the top I'm going to let that sit for about an hour all right so our Saba has been in the marinade for an hour now I'm taking it out let it drain just a little bit taking this towel and I've rolled it up this is going to embrace our Sava as we pin voting so I'm going to take this guy over to push it to us make a little nest for him just like that shirttail going to pin them out there a pin bow that run all the way down this fish so again double checking making sure we got all the pin bones once we got all the pin bones out cut it's a little bit us head out to square off just like that and then there's a skin instead of scales the skin over this macro so we have to take that off too so starting with the belly closest to you when I get that corner give it a little pinch come we're off just like that then again turning it so it's away from you working slowly down the fish so you don't pull any of that color off there you have it mackerel sushi this is mackerels been cured been pickled and it's ready to eat now

  Top Comments:
  1. @greghoneycutt [2 likes]: you're my new hero. How have I not seen this in a year? Excellent work, and the tips and beyond helpful. Thank you.
  2. @zhenghongliu1576 [1 likes]: is the fish frozen?
  3. @panathasg13 [1 likes]: when you add the salt. do you put the fish in the fridge?
  4. @michaelwould [1 likes]: Excellent video, I really like how much detail and experience that you put into these video's showing the "Towel" technique most people would have just done it without saying why you did it, even when you used the fish to rest the other fish on top of while slicing off the ribs to hold the meat together very great tips.
  5. @drgraham7094 [1 likes]: Beautifully articulated video
  6. @DreySantesson [1 likes]: Wonderful way of explaining things chef, very accurate and precise...I'd love to work for you
  7. @teaearlgrayh0t [1 likes]: Thanks a lot, this is exactly what I was looking for. Excellent video.
  8. @jjnb57 [1 likes]: Jay, these are great videos. I fish quite a bit in the southeastern US and we catch quite a few spanish and king mackerel. Is there anything specifically that should be done when you actually catch the fish if you plan on eating it as sushi? Should it be put in a a brine solution or ice bath or bled?
  9. @garrycation: Great video Chef! What size is that deba?
  10. @MrRoostam: excellent 👍👍👍👍
  11. @chanman6553: Great video what i was looking for!!. But, does it matter if i remove bones before curing?
  12. @zhangbingrong840: thanks a lot .Excellent video
  13. @liangwang4154: amazing
  14. @halfanese70: Can you prepare this in advance and refreeze for later sushi?
  15. @RBP69METAL: Quick question chef. whenever i filet mackerel it bleeds like crazy. i see many videos on mackerel where there is no blood. now, yours were partially frozen. my question; do you "bleed" the fish before attempting to filet?
thank you.
  16. @66matthi: Very interesting video. Do you use pure rice wine vinegar? No water or Sugar added? Doesn't this cook out the fish too much?
  17. @MT-jf1tn: Question your fish was frozen because you buy it for commercial purposes correct?  But if I catch the Saba (mackerel) fresh the same day I need to do the same steps?   Or if is not cure is not safe to eat?  Thanks
  18. @drk321: Thank you.
  19. @chaoticpicks5245: Great video, thank you very much
  20. @vborneo: Nice video, very simple and graphic. Just one question, as i did not understand the times of curing and marinating. How long for the salt and vinegar phases? Thank you.

- Why Mackerel Matters in Japan: From Saba Road to Sushi Bars: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Japan Food by Sono. [music] Today's episode is all about a fish that Japanese people have loved for centuries. [music] Mackerel. From sushi counters to family kitchens, mackerel is one of the most familiar tastes of everyday Japan. In this video, we explore its history, regions, seasonal flavors, [music] and the many dishes that define this blue fish favorite. Historically, mackerel played a special role in Japan. Before refrigeration existed, people carried sorted mackerel from the coast of Wakasabe all the way to Kyoto. This old route is still known today as the Sabade, the mackerel road. It shows how important mackerel was for daily life, trade, [music] and culinary culture. Japan has several major mackerel regions. The Sanriku coast on the Pacific [music] side is famous for its cold, mineral-rich waters. Orc is a bay on the sea of Japan has supplied Kyoto for hundreds of years and in Kyushu especially around Nokisaki in Saga. Mackerel is enjoyed both cooked and raw. Japan's long coastline [music] gives this fish a strong regional identity. Mackerel has to delicious seasons. Autumn brings aka saba when the fish grows firm and flavorful. Winter brings cancer rich with fat and amami for Japanese cuisine. Mackerel is a fish whose [music] character changes beautifully with the seasons. In Kyushu, people enjoy mackerel completely raw as go saba. Fresh slices of mackerel are mixed with [music] sesame, green onions, and ginger. It's bold, bright, and has a regional flavor [music] you won't find anywhere else. One of Japan's most iconic everyday meals is grilled mackerel, crispy skin, [music] juicy meat, a bowl of rice, and miso soup. For many families, [music] this is the taste of a simple and perfect breakfast. Another classic is saber miso re mackerel gently simmered in miso ginger and sweetness. It's warm, comforting, and the very definition of Japanese home cooking at sushi bars. Mackerel appears as shy saba or mackerel [music] sushi. Its silver skin, vinegared aroma, and rich flavor make it one of the most distinctive fish in Japanese sushi [music] culture. And in recent years, Japan has embraced a reverse import, the mackerel sandwich. Inspired by European seaside culture, the Saba sand has become popular in Japanese CAFS. Proof that good fish travels well across [music] cultures for Japanese families. Mackerel is more than just a fish. It's a warm winter dinner, a familiar breakfast and a flavor shared across generations. So if you visit Japan, try tasting it in all its forms. Grilled, simmered, vinegared, or raw. This is the everyday beauty of Japanese bluefish cuisine. [music]

- SABA NO MISONI サバの味噌煮| SIMMERED MACKEREL IN MISO | JAPANESE FOOD: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Boo boo boo foo woo Boo foo woo hmm me Cheek al thump par hmm me me Boo Human 2 dare eeeeeeee [Music] me me uuuuuun hmm voodoo Boo [Music] hmm eru [Music] of 20 Boo hn e re voodoo boom hoop hmm aa poopoo [Music] whoopee aa

  Top Comments:
  1. @madeincomboran1169 [1 likes]: Hi... Sarap nmn po yan..👍👍👍👍
  2. @upliftingshorts4444: Amazing meal friend , thanks for the recipe
  3. @daimaryskitchenette4915: Looks very delicious. Yummers
  4. @LykaJo: WOw mukhang masarap to sis ah. Masubukan ko nga salamat sa recipe mo. Inunahan na po kita at ginawa ko yung tama. Pabalik nalang po. Salamat!
  5. @nandinismehndi: very nice... Let's support each other ❤️😍 stay connected dear... Aap bhi join hojaye🥰 #nandinismehndi
  6. @BoBoCooking: looks delicious :D wanna try iy
  7. @MarifeKatoJapan: Ohayou sis. Becky watching
  8. @TranHung942: Nice video
  9. @charisgrace4500: Glad to watch your video, rooting for more. By the way, I'm all done and I hope you'll do the same in my home. Let's support, no hate just love. Stay safe. :))
  10. @totojrvlog3713: Ang Galing mo idol sana makapasyal ka rin sa Bahay 👌  keep Safe
  11. @GraciasKusina: I like the sour taste of miso soup.. yummy
  12. @AmalliaEka: wow I never cooked mackerel before, this is looks great with miso, thank you for sharing this
  13. @DapurOnaSarry: Thanks for share japanise food, i learn by you🤗
Stay connected🤝
  14. @hasmikharenlase: Wahhh yummi l like friend
  15. @JOHNYATCO: Looks easy to make it,,yummmy...
  16. @RobelynThiel: i can smell the fish from here siisloves..glaing ako asian market bumili din ng isda siislovws..nakakmiss talaga kumain ng isda
  17. @yousogood: I hope to try Mackerel and miso 👍🏻👏
I have never tried before..
You very explained well
Looks yummy 😋
Thank you for sharing
  18. @PinkeyDeviSokhiyaEditzSanatani: Looks so good recipe big like 👍 hi friend
  19. @pepitopetallo1785: Delicious recipe
  20. @HungryManKitchen: Nice, simple but sophisticated recipe! 
I'm sure it has a very enriched flavor, keep up the good work Becky👍

- Japanese Minimalist🇯🇵: What I eat in a day | Traditional Japanese meals from 1975: Kind: captions Language: en Recently, I made a video of what I eat in a day as a minimalist. Then, many people would say things like, "I like traditional Japanese food". So today, I would like to try making traditional Japanese recipes from morning to night. Thinking about traditional Japanese food, I referred to the usual meals eaten in 1975. In 1975, Japan was said to have the healthiest and most nutritionally balanced diet. So, today I'm going to recreate recipes from that year . In the past, when people used to cook in a kimono, they would wrap strings around the kimono, so that sleeves wouldn't get in the way. So, let’s get started! Breakfast I’m gonna prepare rice in a clay pot. First, I’ll add some organic brown rice that I usually eat and then water. How to cook rice in a clay pot （Recentry recipi） 10 minutes on medium high heat When it begins to boil over, set the heat to low. 3 minutes on low heat Turn of the stove Then leave it for 20 minutes It takes time, but you can eat more soft and delicious rice than by making an electric rice cooker. Let's move on to the next dish. I’m gonna sprinkle sake on the salmon. By the way, salmon is also called sake in Japanese. So, I put sake on sake… interesting.. haha Anyway, I put it in the fish grill under the stove. Japanese homes usually have these kinds of stoves. It’s really convenient. A delicious salmon dish is ready in 20 minutes. Next, let’s make miso soup. OK! Let's serve everything on a plate. When you look around kitchin, some people might say, “It's full of things! You are not a minimalist.” Yeah, I understand that, but this is a share house actually, so there are many things that my friends use too. I don't have that many. Finally, prepare natto, a Japanese food staple. When I was running a guesthouse in Tokyo and sometimes had guests eat natto, and many guests said: "It smells bad!" "What the hell is this sticky thing?" "It tastes like socks!" I accepted their reactions because I also hated it when I was a kid. But as I ate continuously, I started to love it. Natto is said to be very healthy, so if you want to incorporate it into your life, continue eating it even if it tastes bad and maybe you’ll get used to the taste. Lol When I was a kid, my parents told me that I should mix it at least 100 times, so I did But my friend might think I'm a crazy person. Now, let's eat this healthy meal! Ah, it ’s delicious! In the morning After breakfast, I made pancake art with my friend, so I would like to introduce it a little bit. It was my first time making pancake art so I made a lot of mistakes, but in the end I did great, I think…. So, can you guess what it is? It's Totoro, what do you think...? Lunch In a previous video, I made Kamatama Udon for lunch, but today I’m gonna make kainda noodles for lunch. How to make Udon I serve it all on a plate and complete it! By the way, in Japan, it is completely acceptable to slurp your noodles when eating them. Because by slurping, you can eat the soup and noodles together. It's more delicious. While slurping in the noodles and sucking in air, you are also somehow able to taste the delicious scent as well. And pulas, I think people do this because soba and udon were originally foods that ordinary people ate at food stalls. Because they were fast food it could be eaten quickly without worrying about etiquette. Afternoon I enjoyed watching Queer Eye while eating the pancake art I made in the morning. Dinner For dinner, first I’m gonna make Nikujaga, which is meat and potatoes. Nikujaga is a standard Japanese home-cooked dish. Prepare an iron frying pan that I finally bought. It is important to soak the iron pan with oil before using it, so that food won’t stick easily on to the pan. This iron pan is very light and is easy to handle. When it's cooked, I’m gonna put these in. Then I covered it with aluminum foil for 20 minutes. so, let's make miso soup while making Nikujaga. My friend was using another stove, so I prepared a gas stove. Then finally, I put these in. Completed!! Dinner is ready!! I’m gonna drink Hojicha today. This is a powdered one. And this black food is called mozuku. You might don’t know about it. Simply put, it's wakame seaweed soaked in vinegar. Foreigners probably don't like it, like Natto, and honestly I don't really like it either My friend laughed at me, so I gave it to her, who is American. I thought she hated it, but it turned out that she ate it all. OMG!!! Other than that, it was very delicious. summary Today, I tried to recreate traditional Japanese meals from 1975. The impression I had of these recipes was that the food itself was very healthy and delicious, but the preparation was so tedious. There are many kinds of ingredients, and also it was a hassle to prepare seasonings. I thought about the moms that prepared all these types of meals. They were really amazing! Moms would cook elaborate meals like this for not only herself, but also for family every day. I really respect them. It is kind of hard to cook such foods every day for me, but I would like to try learning and making traditional Japanese dishes little by little. And I would like to share the process too. Stay safe, have fun, and thank you for watching as usual. I hope to see you in the next video! Bye bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReinaKyoto [1 likes]: Love the fish oven! We need this everywhere!
  2. @shall4810 [1 likes]: I thought he said I’m gonna make “mick jagger” for dinner lol😂
  3. @MumenKamen [1 likes]: What's your beef with meat?
  4. @tantegerda2177 [1 likes]: „Nikujaga“ sounded like „Mick Jagger“ to me. 😅
Please don’t eat a rolling stone. ☺️
  5. @catherinehawkins3211: I ate natto for the first time recently. Because of its reputation I expected it to be disgusting, but it really isn’t. It is delicious and oddly addictive 😅
  6. @Kijahni: I love natto. Start a batch every two or three days and eat all of it.
  7. @forzaelettrica: Another great video!
  8. @zlatastaub1266: thank you for your videos. and for these delicious recipes with exact ingredients and amount! we appreciate your work
  9. @DawnRoberts-e4s: That was kool but I thought you were gonna show us how to make it..Thank-you have a fantastic day
  10. @GardeningAchaHai: Its means you are not going to live 80,90 like others Japanese people😮
  11. @allenherinckx4474: Wash yo rice?
  12. @Rachel-h3n: Fantastic pancake art, with a lovely lady :) 

This Mum has never travelled overseas, and enjoys watching your videos and learning about Japan from Australia.
  13. @fatimagarcia7298: ❤
  14. @madisondepace7329: A GRILL DRAWER?!!???!
  15. @yourhighschoolenglishteach8405: the world has evolved. there was a time when a minimalist with a youtube channel would be an oxymoron.
  16. @user-tn9xq2io9w: I tried natto based on your recommendation as a superfood and tried it, and I love it thank you.  Erik USA
  17. @TEZOSISM: Anyone know the background guitar solo?
  18. @naylamuslima: So japanese don't use spices 😮
  19. @caduceus33: Why destroy an otherwise good video with some absolutely hideous music? Have to thumbs down and turn it off!
  20. @davidcolia: I love Natto (fermented soya bean) , We called it Bekang Um, traditionally its is prepared by boiling the soyabean and wrap in wide special leaves and put it in pot and seal it with cloths and leave it in dry place for atleast three days...we have it as side dish, or mixed with some vegetables, or used it to make soup and add in stew and fried dishes...

- The Egg Diet | Lose 10 lbs in 7 Days: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] the egg diet is it just another passing fad diet or is it actually a legitimate way to lose a lot of weight very fast it's definitely true that people have lost a substantial amount of weight on this diet plan all over the internet people that have tried the diet claim that you can lose 22 pounds in two weeks or approximately ten pounds per week so I wanted to make this video explaining what the diet is how it's done as well as discussing the pros and the cons because even though you can definitely lose a lot of weight eating like this you also want to weigh out the good and the bad to decide whether it's the best route for you the egg diet isn't just one diet plan as there are a couple variations you have the traditional egg diet you also have the egg and grapefruit diet the extreme egg only diet the boiled egg dye and the ketogenic egg diet and all of the names essentially refer to a similar diet plan but there aren't slight differences in each one that I'd like to go over first all of the egg diets are low in calories they're low in carbohydrates and high in protein the traditional egg diet requires you to start each day with eggs usually two boiled eggs for breakfast with some kind of citrus fruit as well as low carb veggies like asparagus mushrooms broccoli and spinach then you eat lean sources of protein like fish or chicken breast throughout the day as well as salad and more low carb vegetables an example would be two boiled eggs and your favorite citrus fruit for breakfast steamed dark green vegetables with chicken breast for lunch and a salad and grilled fish for dinner some boiled egg diets call for one to two eggs in each meal rather than substituting for other lean sources of protein an example of this would be two boiled eggs for breakfast along with a medium sized piece of citrus fruit then for lunch you would have two boiled eggs with steamed veggies and for dinner you would have fish or another one two two more boiled eggs with a salad with the egg and grapefruit diet things are the same from the most part but for your citrus fruit you would stick to grapefruit some grapefruit and egg diets advocate that you eat grapefruit with every single one of your meals and I've seen a lot of grapefruit and egg diets recommending that you keep your calories under 800 per day which is quite low the extreme egg diet is exactly what it sounds like you're basically eating only eggs and the ketogenic egg diet is where you incorporate more fats like butter full fat cheese coconut oil and olive oil these keto egg diets which are also referred to as egg fast diets usually incorporate more total eggs for the day ranging anywhere from 6 to 10 eggs per day and they'll throw in one tablespoon of fat with each egg in general I'm sure you guys are starting to see that all these diet plans revolve around eating eggs some other lean sources of protein are included as well citrus fruits veggies and extra fats if you're looking to do more of a keto style egg diet so the first question is will this help you lose a lot of weight fast well this diet looks very similar to the way that you would structure a no carb day during a carb cycling diet the no carb day is the lowest calorie day of the carb cycling diet during the week where you're basically eating only lean sources of protein and some fats throughout the day most of the fat loss occurs on your no carb day and the other days of the carb cycling are more for refeeding on carbs and calories to avoid low energy levels so since this diet is similar to just doing back-to-back no carb days with your primary source of protein being eggs your weekly calories are going to be so low that I have no doubt that anyone that tries this diet plan will lose weight and they'll lose it fast since you're not going to be having any carbohydrates you're automatically going to lose a lot of water weight especially in the beginning carbs make your body retain water so without them you'll be flushing all that water way out with the amount of eggs that you're eating you won't have to be too concerned about muscle loss while doing this diet plan the protein found in the eggs is very bioavailable meaning your body can digest use it very efficiently each egg has six grams of protein 13 essential vitamins and minerals along with choline riboflavin and selenium and each only has under 70 calories they're also very filling and in combination with vegetables they can make managing hunger throughout the day a lot easier on this diet plan now even though the egg is a great source of nutrition there are a lot of nutrients that it's missing so an extreme egg diet where you're only eating eggs is probably not a good idea because you'll quickly find yourself malnourished another thing that you want to be aware of is that a lot of egg diet plans are very low on fiber while being very high in protein this can lead to some serious bowel issues like really bad constipation especially when you do this plan for an extended period of time and that's something that we should talk about as well most people stick to an egg dye for maximum of two weeks and the keto style egg fasts usually lasts 3 to 5 days a big reason why is because you're most likely going to get really sick of eating eggs all day every day and if you hate eating the food allowed on your diet plan chances are very high that you won't be sticking to that plan for very long besides extremely low calories that are recommended on some egg diets the egg diet is very similar to Atkins except your primary protein source is eggs this means you could achieve the fast weight loss described on egg diets simply by cutting carbohydrates and calories really low there really is no magic to the egg itself one thing you should know is that it's obviously not a normal thing to eat half a dozen or all the way up to a dozen eggs for the day and our body will react negatively to protein sources that we constantly eat so you can develop an allergy to the eggs themselves due to the fact that you're eating so much of them this is usually how allergies develop when you eat too much dairy or too much gluten or too much egg whites you will develop an allergy over time so there are certain people that are advocating that you can stick to an egg diet for a long period of time by switching up a ton of different egg recipes but staying on the diet plan for longer than even 5 days is not gonna be the healthiest thing for you on top of that let's talk about workouts when you cut your calories extremely low and you cut your carbs extremely low as well you're gonna have a tough time in the gym especially with high intensity workouts carbs provide the energy for you that you actually need to be able to perform at a high intensity and they allow you to efficiently do anaerobic activities like weight training at intense levels the keto egg diet allows you to have more fat which over time can be used as an energy source by your body as it adapts but due to the low calorie nature of all these diet plans your workouts will most likely suffer you won't be able to lift the same amount of weight that you were lifting and you won't have quite as much endurance and you're gonna feel really tired throughout the day in general especially if you're sticking to low calorie recommendations like getting under 800 calories per day even though weight loss will definitely occur and it'll probably happen very fast on any of these egg diets they may not be the best approach for actually keeping the weight off because nobody's gonna want to maintain such a strict diet long term so make sure you consider that before you actually start this diet plan because you wanna at the very least have a back-up plan of what you'll transition to from this egg diet because like I said you're not going to stay on it forever instead of overdoing it on the eggs and setting up a diet plan that will probably not guarantee you long-term success I find diet plans like fasting keto vegetarian and carb cycling much more effective at establishing a healthy eating pattern that can help you lose weight over time and actually maintain that weight loss and other diet plans will give you more variety with your food options which will ensure that you're taking in all the nutrients that you need to be healthy without getting bored of eating the same thing every single day so even though you can lose weight fast on this plan for me the egg diet does fall under the category of just another fad diet it's neither a well-balanced diet nor is it a safe long-term weight loss plan due to nutritional deficiencies the possibility of developing allergies and boredom from the lack of variety most people won't be able to stick to that and once they back out and they begin to eating the way that they were before the egg diet they'll definitely regain all the way to they've lost this channel is full of many other diet approaches that are far better than the egg diet and they're far more sustainable for the long run so I really hope this video has helped you out and if it has make sure you subscribe to the channel so you could check out those other videos that can help you way more and if you're looking to lose some weight or some body fat in the fast but a safe and effective way try my 6-week challenge I promise you we give you a whole heck of a lot more variety than eggs vegetables and grapefruit in fact most of my clients complain about being too full and we even include a 42 recipe cookbook allowing you to eat something new every single day of the diet plan so you know that there's plenty of variety with this challenge you get your very own customized diet plan based on the structure that you're most likely to stick to and succeed with whether that be intermittent fasting keto or the traditional 5 to 6 meals a day you also get a 42 day workout plan that will help you build muscle and increase your metabolism and you're going to also get an accountability coach that's assigned specifically to you to guide you through the entire process you'll hear from that accountability coach every single week as they monitor your posts of your weigh-ins and your grocery pictures in our private accountability room on average my clients that take on this challenge are losing 20 pounds or 5% of their body fat in only 42 days and by committing to not cheat and not quit you have the opportunity to get the entire program for free to find out more click the link somewhere around here or you could visit my website directly at gravity transformation calm I'll see you guys soon [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Phar2Rekliss [3 likes]: It's called high protien low carb diet.
  2. @akbuilder7626 [1 likes]: Veggies are gross. Just eat Steak and eggs and walk 2 hours a day and you will get lean. You're Welcome.
  3. @AarshParashar [1 likes]: How about combining it with carbs and plenty of fibers?
  4. @june12.43 [1 likes]: Day 1
  5. @mr.m6265: I eat 12 eggs a day with red onion and rice then I’ll have some cottage cheese and lean beef with rice and either kale or broccoli
  6. @garina234: The three days without cheese, just egg, butter, and sour cream for my coffee. And it worked well for me. Has anyone used sour cream too?
  7. @iknownothing495: I just started the Eggs and McDonalds diet.
  8. @Aspect_of_Maokai: can kiwi replace the citrus fruit?
  9. @zigzig5126: The only con I see at the moment is taking a loan out to purchase eggs
  10. @sixtynineelephants: How is this an egg diet?
  11. @reubenmanners5209: Is there a scientific study that proves eating a large amount of eggs over time can develop an allergy? I don’t think that’s a thing but I could be wrong.
  12. @DeliveryThinker: I'm looking for the comment that pointed out he looks like a Fortnite character, but alas, its lost in time on the comment wall.
  13. @user-qm5sz9dj1s: It must really work because they stress how you should do something else
  14. @AmandaBuchanan-jg6kw: Yes it is so frustrating to lose weight super quick and then gain it back even faster and more
  15. @KeithAndTiffanyChrist: Eggs Is All You Need.
  16. @v8viperr17: An egg diet is just eggs nothing else
  17. @wenmagic: 4 eggs fried in butter for breakfast , 6 eggs fried in butter for tea  !!
  18. @scratchy271: Got lean in two weeks eating just eggs , blueberries,  yogurt and walnuts along with multi vitamins. Lost 20 pounds in 3 weeks.
  19. @onononmememe6514: Heaps of eggs and meat especially steak and tuna can really help a man maintain a stiffy to please his girlfriend, wife or if he prefers prostitutes.
  20. @John3sixteen.: Lies abound about eggs. You can live off of eggs forever (only eggs) and be the healthiest bloke on the block.

- 5 of The Healthiest Fish to Eat and 5 to Avoid: Kind: captions Language: en-US 5 Of The Healthiest Fish To Eat And 5 To Avoid No doubt, fish can be a healthy addition to your diet. It is delicious, provides you with many essential nutrients, and is a perfect source of omega-3 fatty acids. According to American dietary guidelines, we are supposed to be eating fish twice a week. But there is also a danger of high levels of mercury, PCBs, and environmental concern. So how to choose the best fish that is good for you and the environment? Don’t worry! We have got you covered. In today's video, we will share with you the 5 healthiest fish to eat and the 5 to avoid. 5 HEALTHIEST FISH TO EAT #1. Herring Herring has the highest omega-3 fatty acids content compared to most fish. The omega-3 fatty acid is essential to the human body for many cellular functions. However, our body cannot synthesize this nutrient independently, so it is needed from external sources. Another plus point of herring fish is that it has a lower mercury content. It contains other valuable nutrients like vitamin D and selenium. Nutrition experts recommend incorporating this fish into your regular diet to keep cardiovascular problems at bay. It is also an excellent superfood for pregnant women since it reinforces brain development. Befriend your local fishmonger to help figure out the best methods of sourcing your favorite fish. It has many small bones in them, they can be eaten and serve as a source of calcium, but if you don't like bones, you can cut the herring open and debone it before cooking it. You can use this fish in many courses or side snacks, and it will taste delicious! #2. Rainbow Trout (and some types of Lake) Rainbow trout is low in mercury and sustainable fish and is deemed the “best choice” by the Food and Drug Administration. It is a beautiful, colorful fish with rich content of omega-3 fatty acids. It is an excellent source of protein for those who do not eat poultry or meat. It is high in potassium which is sure to aid in managing blood pressure, kidney disorders, stress, and anxiety. Another important mineral present in rainbow trout is phosphorus. It helps maintain the integrity of bones and facilitates an effective digestive system. The B-complex vitamins in it play a significant role in cell metabolism. Selenium acts as an antioxidant, preventing damage from free radicals to the human body. Rainbow trout is delicious when sided with oven-roasted vegetables, grilled vegetables, potatoes, fresh green salad, and rice. #3. Salmon, Wild-Caught (including canned) This versatile fish is renowned for being one of the best sources of omega-3 fatty acids. Wild-caught salmon is preferred over farmed due to less exposure to contaminants and pollutants. Canned salmon is also an excellent option if you do not want to get it fresh. It makes a fantastic fit in any healthy, nutritious diet. It is good news for those on a low-carb diet since salmon contains no carbohydrates unless you add sauces or condiments. And, It still is a rich source of all essential minerals and vitamins that your body requires daily. A delicious way to consume salmon is by adding it to soup or stew or even whipping up a batch of salmon cakes using canned salmon. Either way, it gives you immense nutritional benefits. Remove the skin; to further decrease the contaminants and carcinogens. #4. Sardines, Wild-Caught (including canned) Did you know that sardines were named after 'Sardinia,' an Italian island? It is because of the abundance which was found there. They can be enjoyed fresh or canned, but many people use the canned version due to its high perishability. Sardines are particularly beneficial to pregnant women and older adults since they contain calcium and other vital nutrients. The vitamin D, B12, and omega-3 fatty acids present help prevent heart diseases, thanks to their anti-inflammatory characteristics. Sardines also contain protein and numerous minerals such as niacin, iron, potassium, magnesium, zinc, and phosphorus. This versatile food can be used in salads, crackers, or as the main course meal. However, individuals with uric acid or kidney issues should be wary of sardines and always discuss them with the doctor before eating the fish. #5. Atlantic Mackerel If you are a fan of mackerel fish, opt for the Atlantic mackerel instead of king mackerel due to its lower mercury content. These little fish are a significant source of nutrition. In addition to being high in protein and healthy fats, Atlantic mackerel also consists of vitamin B12, iron, potassium, and selenium. It also contains vital antioxidants that keep you energetic and prevent heart disease. The best part is that the gear used for catching Atlantic mackerel fish is super effective and unlikely to cause significant habitat destruction, making it an ocean-friendly option. According to the FDA, it is ok to eat Atlantic mackerel two or more times a week. It makes a very delectable meal when Atlantic mackerel is paired with steamed rice and tender steamed broccoli. The simplest way to cook mackerel is by just pan-frying the filets or barbequing. We've made it halfway through our list, and we sincerely hope you've enjoyed it so far. Please don't forget to subscribe to my channel. Hit the Like button and ring the notification bell if you want to see more content like this. Let’s move forward with the video! 5 FISH TO AVOID #6. Orange Roughy These fish are undoubtedly nutritious with low carbohydrate levels but do not be hasty in buying this fish because it has some drawbacks to it as well. Also known as slimeheads, these fish have a life of almost 150 years or more. It means they have been around long enough to consume plenty of unhealthy elements like mercury. High mercury levels can interfere with normal brain function and are particularly dangerous for lactating or expecting mums as well as infants. Another concern is that orange roughy is overfished, and most restaurants refuse to serve it. Apart from stock concerns, orange roughy is caught by bottom trawling. It ends up destroying sea floor species assemblages and fragile seamount habitats. #7. Halibut, Wild-Caught (Atlantic) Halibut do not contain many omega-3 fatty acids. Other concerns are that halibut have high mercury levels and purine content. Purine breaks down in the body to ultimately form uric acid, contributing to gout and kidney stones. Another unsafe compound that it may contain is toxic industrial chemicals, such as polychlorinated biphenyls. Due to its low population, it has been overfished and now earned its place on the "avoid" list. It is not expected to repopulate until the year 2056. Opt for the farm-raised halibut instead of the overfished Atlantic halibut to improve the environment. #8. Salmon, Farmed in Pens (Atlantic) Atlantic salmon contributes to pollution and interspecies mixing, polluting the surrounding environment with fish waste, excess fish feed, medicines given to fish, and cleaning chemicals used for cleaning fish pens. They are often treated with antibiotics to combat diseases and sea lice. Farmed salmon are given a processed, high protein and high-fat diet to make them unnaturally larger. They contain fewer nutrients compared to wild-caught salmon and have higher fat content. Fishery advisors continuously work on consumer pressure to encourage fish farms to adopt better farming practices. #9. Bluefin Tuna Bluefin tuna contains high mercury levels and PCBs, so the ECF discourages consuming this fish. The World Wildlife Fund (WWF) stated bluefin tuna is an endangered species and warned that the fish population is depleting as it is overfished. Instead, you can substitute it with tinned sardines or even organic tinned chicken. #10. King Mackerel Mackerel is a particularly brilliant source of omega-3s to be incorporated into your regular However, king mackerel, which is caught in the Pacific Ocean, is full of mercury. King mackerel is a vast predator fish, closest to the top of a food chain. Consuming excessive oily fish like king mackerel can impact the body's capacity to fight against bacterial infections. All fish advisories say that children, pregnant, breastfeeding women, and the elderly should avoid this fish. This list might change over time because the industry is changing. Unless there is proper management, there can be a severe depletion rebound in a few years. If ever in doubt, check Monterey Bay Aquarium's Seafood Watch or NOAA Fisheries for detailed updates on various fisheries tracked by the US government. Overall, fish is a highly healthy, nutritious food and delight to the taste buds, and you should definitely add it to your diet. Do you find this video informative or helpful? Let us know in the comment section below. Make sure to subscribe so you don’t miss out on my future videos. Don’t forget to like and share. Stay Healthy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HorizonsHealth [38 likes]: 🟢 Must Watch Videos:
▪ 21 Heart Healthy Foods To Unclog Arteries And Prevent Heart Attack ➜ https://youtu.be/IsrlgQr8IpE
▪ 12 Foods That Reduce Your Heart Attack ➜ https://youtu.be/EPQclWPHWe8
▪ 15 Best Foods That Unclog Arteries ➜ https://youtu.be/L11nXCTSkJY
▪ 12 Foods And Drinks That Cleanse Your Arteries  ➜ https://youtu.be/iq3lcKAfUx0
▪ 10 Best Spices to Clean Your Arteries ➜ https://youtu.be/I65U41W_3Yc
  2. @tiffanyr4355: Its so hard to eat because everything is being poisoned which counter acts what's good for you..
  3. @lancemousel3457: Any farmed fish. Dont eat
  4. @nickniehaus1763: What about grouper
  5. @nickniehaus1763: This guy didn’t mention Barramundi… the BETTER fish.

Trust me, look it up, try it. You’ll never regret it.
  6. @nickniehaus1763: The model good luck on bluefin tuna
  7. @kara96lg: Cod, sea bass?
  8. @froggystyle642: Sardines and Mackerel are clear winners on so many metrics. This is AI slop.
  9. @harrietpokuatetteh5180: What about Basa fish?
  10. @mannysavage88: How are sardines not at #1...wow
  11. @xxd5doo5xx89: Maybe we are immune to king macrel. We eat it almost every day for generations.
  12. @brianlittle717: I remember when the knights of ni wanted the king of Britain to cut down the mightiest tree in the forest with herring.
  13. @brianlittle717: What about bream and bass from a farm pond? Or what about crappie from a lake?
  14. @EarmuffHugger: Fish are brain food.
Jesus Christ was a fisherman & is also the "Bread of Life".
Well-wishes ❤
  15. @HallBnce: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, completely changed how I approach weight loss. It’s a must-read!
  16. @BreanneKnules: I thought I’d tried everything until I found Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth. This book is next-level helpful!
  17. @EstevanRenels: Why isn’t everyone talking about Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth ebook? It’s seriously the best thing I’ve read on weight loss
  18. @LoweMcowen: If you’re struggling with weight loss, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth is the book you need. It’s amazing
  19. @HelenaRneke: The insights in Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth blew my mind! I’ve tried so many different things, but this book gave me real, actionable steps to see results. Highly recommend!
  20. @SaannPietasch: This book, Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, opened my eyes to so many things I didn’t know. If you're struggling with weight loss, this is a must-read!

- 全球10大健康海鮮排行榜曝光！鮭魚竟只排第7，第1名便宜又好吃，90%的人從沒注意過！: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're going to talk about the world's top ten healthiest seafood. Some people might think that salmon is the first fish that comes to mind when it comes to nutritious fish. However, surprisingly, salmon only ranks seventh on this list of healthy seafood! So the question is, which seafood surpasses salmon and occupies the top six spots? And what exactly is the champion? It's said that the number one seafood is not only delicious and inexpensive, but also incredibly nutritious. Unfortunately, many people are unaware of its value . Let's delve into these ten healthy seafoods on the list and their respective nutritional secrets. Number ten is tuna. Tuna is arguably one of the most well-known fish globally, frequently seen in sashimi, teppanyaki, and canned goods. As a large, deep-sea fish, tuna has firm flesh, is rich in protein, and contains significant amounts of Omega-3 fatty acids, vitamin D, vitamin B12, selenium, and other nutrients. For example, many people enjoy canned tuna, which is not only convenient to preserve but also provides the body with DHA and EPA, beneficial for cardiovascular and brain health . However, tuna only ranks tenth on the list, mainly due to potential heavy metal concerns . Because of their large size and long lifespan, tuna occupies a high position in the food chain, making them prone to accumulating large amounts of heavy metals such as mercury. Long-term consumption of large tuna may lead to high mercury levels in the body, potentially damaging the nervous system . Therefore, experts recommend that adults eat tuna in moderation, while pregnant women and children should be more cautious. Fortunately, we usually... Most canned tuna consumed in large quantities uses smaller varieties, such as bonito, which have relatively lower mercury content. Moderate consumption is generally safe. Tuna is nutritious, delicious, and a good source of protein and Omega-3. However, due to heavy metal risks, it only ranks tenth on the health ranking list. Ninth is lobster. Yes, the expensive and luxurious lobster in many people's minds. You might be surprised that lobster appears on the list of healthy seafood, since we usually treat it as a treat. However, from a nutritional perspective, lobster performs remarkably well. First, lobster meat contains almost no fat but is rich in high-quality protein. Every 100 grams of cooked lobster meat contains more than one-fifth of the daily protein requirement , which is helpful for building muscle and maintaining physical strength . At the same time, lobster is also a treasure trove of various minerals, such as zinc, selenium, copper, and vitamin B12, which are present in considerable amounts. These nutrients help strengthen the immune system, participate in red blood cell production, and are also important for maintaining brain and nerve function. What many people don't know is that historically, lobster was once considered "food for the common people" during the American colonies. In the past, lobsters were even supplied in large quantities to feed prisoners. However, today, people have discovered that lobster meat is sweet and nutritious, and its value has risen to that of a high-end seafood . However, lobsters also have their drawbacks: they are expensive and not readily available. Furthermore, crustaceans are high in purines, making them unsuitable for people with high uric acid or gout. In addition, lobsters have a higher cholesterol content than most fish. Therefore, even though lobsters are nutritious and delicious, they only rank ninth in health rankings. They are good as an occasional health-boosting dish, but not suitable for daily consumption. Eighth place goes to crabs. Crabs and lobsters belong to the same crustacean family, and their nutritional value is no less than that of lobsters. Crabs are also more affordable and common than lobsters. Crab meat is sweet and delicate, high in protein and low in fat, making it an excellent source of protein. Besides protein, crabs are also rich in various B vitamins and minerals such as zinc, selenium, and copper. Their Omega-3 fatty acid content is outstanding among crustaceans, which is beneficial for cardiovascular health. While autumn's hairy crabs are delicious , we should also pay attention to our health while enjoying them: some parts of the crab, such as crab roe and crab paste, are high in cholesterol. Crabs are high in alcohol and fat, so moderation is advised , especially for people with high blood lipids. It's best to avoid licking the delicious crab roe while eating crab. In addition, crabs are high in purines, and excessive consumption may trigger gout . People with existing gout or high uric acid should limit their intake . However, generally healthy adults don't need to worry too much about these issues when eating crabs in moderation . On the contrary, the nutrients provided by crab meat are very beneficial to the body. Crab shells also contain a special component—chitin (chitosan) , which is said to have certain immune-regulating and blood lipid-lowering effects. Overall, crabs are reasonably priced, delicious, and nutritious , making them a worthwhile healthy seafood, ranking eighth on the list. Next up is seventh place—salmon. Salmon has become a household name in recent years. Many people think of it when they hear about Omega-3 fatty acids. Salmon meat is orange-red and rich in oil. The reason for its attractive orange-red color is that it contains a large amount of astaxanthin. Astaxanthin is a powerful antioxidant. Studies have shown that its antioxidant activity is hundreds of times higher than that of vitamin E and beta-carotene , helping the body resist free radical damage. This means that eating salmon not only provides EPA, but also... DHA and other Omega-3 fatty acids are beneficial to the heart and brain, and salmon also provides the anti-inflammatory, eye-protecting, and skin-care benefits of astaxanthin. In addition, salmon is also rich in vitamin D ; one serving of salmon can provide most of the daily requirement of vitamin D. This is especially important for people who spend a lot of time indoors and don't get enough sunlight , as vitamin D helps maintain immune function and bone health. Salmon is also rich in high-quality protein and various minerals, such as selenium, potassium, and B vitamins, making it a very comprehensive source of nutrition. Given that salmon has so many advantages, why is it only ranked seventh on the list? The reason isn't that salmon is bad, but rather that there are many superior competitors. First, salmon isn't the fish with the highest Omega-3 content. For example, mackerel of the same weight contains far more DHA/EPA than salmon, sometimes several times higher . Second, most commercially available salmon is farmed . While it's high in fat, the Omega-3 ratio may not be as high as wild-caught fish . Furthermore, farmed fish may have antibiotic residues or be affected by environmental pollution. In contrast, some smaller, wild-caught fish are often more natural and cleaner. Finally, salmon is relatively expensive and not a common dish that everyone can afford. Considering all these factors, while salmon remains an extremely healthy food , it only ranks seventh on this list, unable to achieve a higher ranking. Now I... Let's look at number six – shrimp. Whether it's sea shrimp or freshwater shrimp, shrimp is a popular seafood delicacy. Many people's first reaction to shrimp might not be "healthy" but "delicious." However, shrimp is not only delicious but also highly nutritious. First, shrimp meat is high in protein and low in fat and calories, making it an ideal source of high-quality protein. 100 grams of shrimp contains roughly the same amount of protein as a cup of milk , but its fat and calorie content is far lower than that of red-fleshed shrimp. The orange-red color of shrimp also comes from astaxanthin, which, like salmon, is rich in the same antioxidants. Astaxanthin can protect cells, reduce inflammation and oxidative stress, and has potential benefits in preventing cardiovascular disease. Studies have shown that astaxanthin's antioxidant capacity is extremely impressive, even surpassing that of vitamin E and... Shrimp contains hundreds of times more beta-carotene. Besides its antioxidant properties, shrimp is also rich in vitamin B12, vitamin E, selenium, zinc, and iodine. Vitamin B12 and zinc contribute to nerve and immune function, while selenium is an important antioxidant mineral. In coastal areas, eating shrimp is also a good way to supplement iodine— iodine is an essential element for maintaining thyroid function. Many people worry about the cholesterol content of shrimp. Indeed, shrimp has slightly higher cholesterol than fish. However, the medical community generally believes that dietary cholesterol has a limited impact on blood cholesterol for most people . Eating shrimp in moderation will not significantly raise blood lipids. Moreover, shrimp itself is low in fat and contains heart-healthy Omega-3 fatty acids and lecithin . To some extent, this can offset the adverse effects of cholesterol. Therefore, there's no need to exclude shrimp because of cholesterol . In summary, shrimp is inexpensive, nutritious, and readily available. Whether steamed, boiled, or stir-fried, it can be a healthy dish. Its inclusion in the top six proves that shrimp's nutritional value is no less than that of deep-sea fish. Fifth on the list are clams. Don't underestimate clams just because they are small; their nutritional value is considerable. As a common bivalve mollusc , clams are a star ingredient in many family soups and stir-fries. They are affordable, delicious, and hold an amazing nutritional profile. First, clams are rich in protein and extremely low in fat, making them a high-protein, low-calorie healthy food. What's even more remarkable is the exceptional quality of clams in terms of trace elements and vitamins. Most notably, they are incredibly high in vitamin B12 and iron. Every 100 grams of clam meat contains far more vitamin B12 than the daily requirement. Studies show that clams even rank among the top foods in terms of B12 content, which is very helpful in preventing pernicious anemia and maintaining a healthy nervous system. Clams are also excellent for iron supplementation; their rich iron content makes them an excellent natural blood-building food for those with iron-deficiency anemia. In addition, clams contain various minerals such as zinc, selenium, magnesium, and potassium. Zinc and selenium, in particular, are crucial for immune function. Farmed clams are considered a source of... Clams are environmentally friendly and sustainable seafood because they obtain nutrients through filter feeding, requiring no additional feed. The farming process has a minimal impact on the ecosystem. Therefore, clams are not only nutritious but also low in mercury, safe, and sustainable. The only thing to note is that clams and other shellfish are best cooked thoroughly before consumption to avoid discomfort caused by bacterial or parasitic contamination. Overall, clams, being both delicious and inexpensive, rightfully deserve their fifth-place ranking . Fourth place goes to oysters, also known as raw oysters. Oysters have long been hailed as "milk of the sea," highlighting their rich nutritional content . In fact, oysters have an astonishingly high nutrient density; they are practically a concentrated pill of various nutrients among seafood . First... Oysters are low in calories but rich in high-quality protein. A 100-gram serving of oyster meat provides nearly 20 grams of protein, which is helpful for building muscle and repairing tissues. Even more impressive is the exceptionally high content of trace elements in oysters. Zinc, selenium, copper , and iron are all present in extremely high concentrations . For example, eating 100 grams of oysters can provide more than 100% of your daily zinc and vitamin B12 needs , as well as several times the recommended daily intake of copper. It also provides more than half of your required selenium. Zinc is essential for maintaining immunity and wound healing and is often referred to as "men's element" because zinc is closely related to male reproductive health, while copper and iron are crucial for... Oysters are a rich source of iron, and eating more of them can help improve iron levels and alleviate anemia. No wonder some say that a small oyster is like a natural nutritional pill, gathering many essential elements for the human body. Moreover, oysters are rich in vitamin D and Omega-3 fatty acids, which are beneficial for bone health and cardiovascular health. Of course, many people think of the sweet and savory taste of raw oysters with lemon juice. However, it's important to note that eating raw oysters carries the risk of contamination by pathogens such as norovirus. People with weak immune systems or the elderly should cook them thoroughly for safety. Fortunately, oysters are extremely delicious whether eaten raw or cooked. Steaming, grilling, or making soup preserves the freshness of the ocean and ensures... Overall , oysters, with their abundant nutrient content and enticing flavor, firmly hold fourth place on this list . Now, we welcome herring. For some viewers, the name herring might be unfamiliar , but if you mention classic pickled or smoked herring from Nordic cuisine , or the herring in Japanese cuisine, you might recognize this fish. Herring is a small to medium-sized oily fish, closely related to sardines, and shares many nutritional similarities. First, herring is extremely high in Omega-3 fatty acids, comparable to sardines and mackerel, making it an excellent source of fat for protecting the heart and maintaining brain function. Many studies indicate that weekly... Eating fish rich in Omega-3 two to three times a year can help reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease , and oily small fish like herring are an ideal choice. Besides Omega-3 , herring is also rich in vitamin D and vitamin B12. Vitamin D is especially important in regions like Northern Europe where winters lack sunshine, and herring provides a large amount of vitamin D, helping to strengthen bones and boost immunity. In fact, pickled or smoked herring has long been an important source of vitamin D for the people of Northern Europe. In the past, during times of scarcity, herring played a role similar to a "sunshine vitamin." In addition, herring is also high in calcium and selenium. It's best to eat it with the bones and fins. When canned or pickled herring, you can eat the cartilage along with it , providing a good source of calcium, which is beneficial for bone health. It's worth noting that while Asians rarely include herring in their daily diet, Asian saury is nutritionally similar, rich in Omega-3 and various other nutrients, and much cheaper. In Europe and America, herring is often sold in canned, pickled, or smoked form, making it very affordable and widely available. Therefore, some call it a "nutritious fish for the poor." In short, herring, with its comprehensive nutrition, excellent oil composition, and affordable price, ranks among the top healthy seafoods, firmly holding third place. Second place goes to mackerel. If we're talking about… Among fish repeatedly recommended by nutritionists, mackerel is undoubtedly at the top of the list. A traditional edible fish beloved by people in Asia and Europe, mackerel is a medium-sized oily fish with delicate, flavorful flesh. From a nutritional perspective, mackerel is almost flawless. First, it is one of the top sources of Omega-3 fatty acids. Nutritionists point out that every 100 grams of mackerel contains thousands of milligrams of DHA and EPA— a figure far exceeding most fish and even several times higher than the famous salmon. In other words, eating the same weight of mackerel provides several times the nutritional value of fish oil from eating salmon. No wonder some jokingly call mackerel a true "brain-boosting fish." Omega-3 helps lower bad cholesterol, raise good cholesterol , fight inflammation, and promote brain health. Eating more mackerel is a beneficial investment for the cardiovascular health of middle-aged and elderly people. In addition to being rich in fish oil , mackerel also contains extremely high levels of vitamin B12 and vitamin D , as well as a large amount of selenium. Vitamin B12 is essential for maintaining the nervous system and hematopoietic function, and mackerel contains more than ten micrograms of B12 per 100 grams, easily meeting the daily requirement. Selenium is a powerful antioxidant mineral and is also crucial for thyroid health and the immune system. It is worth mentioning that mackerel are migratory fish and often forage for small fish and shrimp in groups. They are not naturally occurring fish. As apex predators , mackerel accumulates relatively few heavy metals, making it safer to eat . In contrast, some large predatory fish, such as swordfish and sharks, are no longer recommended for frequent consumption due to their high mercury content. Mackerel is a prime example of a fish that combines high nutrition with low risk. Even better, mackerel is inexpensive and versatile in cooking. Whether it's Japanese-style salt-grilled mackerel, Taiwanese miso mackerel soup , or the canned mackerel commonly found in Europe and America, it satisfies both the taste buds and provides abundant nutrition . Overall, the seemingly ordinary mackerel is a true powerhouse in the world of nutrition , rightfully earning second place in this ranking. Finally, we reveal the champion—the number one ranked sardine! Sardines may not be as famous as salmon or tuna , nor do they often appear on the menus of upscale restaurants , but they are considered a "treasure of the ocean" by nutrition experts. Sardines are small, with silvery-gray bodies, and you can often grab a handful. For a time, they were considered ordinary, inexpensive canned food. However, modern nutrition science has discovered that the nutritional value of these small fish is almost impeccable. First, sardines are rich in the repeatedly mentioned Omega-3 fatty acids DHA and EPA, which are extremely high in these nutrients , greatly benefiting cardiovascular health, reducing inflammation, and maintaining brain function. Secondly, because sardines are small, have a short lifespan, and are positioned low in the marine food chain , they accumulate very little heavy metals, making them much cleaner and safer than larger fish . In other words, sardines provide... Sardines offer nutrition comparable to deep-sea fish but with virtually none of their pollution problems, making them safe to eat regularly . Furthermore, sardines are often eaten whole, whether fresh sardines are pan-fried, stewed , or canned sardines are enjoyed directly from the can. We usually eat the meat, skin, and bones along with them. This is remarkable because the bones and spines are rich in calcium and phosphorus , while the skin contains collagen and the eyes contain taurine, among other nutrients. Therefore, eating sardines is equivalent to simultaneously supplementing your diet with high-quality protein, fish oil, calcium, and other nutrients – a win-win situation. Sardines also excel in vitamins and minerals. For example, they are rich in vitamin B12, vitamin E, and elements such as magnesium, iron, zinc, and potassium. Vitamin B12, in particular, helps with red blood cell formation and nerve health. Vitamin E is an important antioxidant, beneficial for skin and blood vessels. Sardines canned often retain the fish's internal organs , which are rich in vitamins A and D , providing a near-complete range of fat-soluble vitamins. Even more appealing is the extremely affordable price of sardines; compared to expensive salmon and tuna, a can of sardines might only cost a fraction of the price, yet its nutritional value is in no way inferior . No wonder nutritionists highly recommend sardines and suggest incorporating them into daily meals. Unfortunately, many people still hold stereotypes about sardines, such as "cheap canned food" and "strong fishy smell," thus missing out on this bounty from the ocean. However, with increasing health awareness, sardines are slowly regaining popularity and becoming a new favorite among those seeking nutrition . In short, sardines, with their comprehensive nutrition, high Omega-3 content, low pollution risk, and high cost-performance ratio, deserve the title of "world's healthiest seafood," ranking first on this list . We believe you now have a whole new understanding of healthy seafood. Searching for nutritional treasures like finding a needle in a haystack, we've discovered that often those unassuming little things contain immense energy— the top-ranked small fish and shellfish are far more nutritious than many expensive large seafoods, fully proving the saying "concentration is key." Of course, this doesn't mean salmon and tuna aren't worth eating; they remain excellent sources of protein and fish oil. However, if you want to get more Omega-3, vitamins, and minerals, pay more attention to these affordable seafoods on the list. By cleverly incorporating sardines, mackerel, clams, oysters, and more into your weekly menu, you'll build a strong marine defense for your body, protecting your heart, brain, immune system, and bone health. We hope today's sharing has given you new inspiration when choosing seafood. Next time you go to the market, don't forget to give these healthy seafoods a chance to try their deliciousness and nutrition. Your body will thank you for your wise choice!

  Top Comments:
  1. @tomtan3299 [2 likes]: 以痛風排名，就是另一回事😂
  2. @bbqdrm6315 [2 likes]: 鲔鱼是什么😨金枪鱼吗
  3. @sdsfjoajfosofsa-z3l [2 likes]: 可是罐頭不能吃多，台灣有賣生鮮的沙丁魚?
  4. @くさ-l2k [1 likes]: 龍蝦跟螃蟹本來就不是高檔食物
直到40年前為止在西方國家都賣超便宜
直到某個大國把價錢推高
  5. @陳明俊-r1w [1 likes]: 在在展現ㄢ😊😊
  6. @龔金海-q6p [1 likes]: 竹筍炒肉絲，三層肉.，〈配料'，薑絲、辣椒'、起鍋之前+少點糖/酢，葱花😂😂😂
  7. @167mm167: funny ...
  8. @agathalaw9581: 有說鮪魚重金屬 你都有說
  9. @yet3708: 鲭鱼嘌呤高怎么不说
  10. @桂林高-o3r: 青鱼和青占鱼是同一种鱼🐠吗？谢谢！
  11. @蔡宇宸-g9v: 從蛤蠣開始那個口音讓我好幾次都聽不下去
  12. @oxygenliu7344: 我吃牛肉和鸡蛋😊
  13. @Groovnstar: using too much AI
  14. @ei004212: 牡蠣跟生蠔是不一樣的 胡扯一堆
  15. @sesamech5340: 什麽蜊都説了，就是不説對的！
  16. @stella37d8: 螃蟹体寒，不能多吃，特别是女的
  17. @adammk2: 语音和画面全都是廉价AI产品...  

就事论事说视频内容，沙丁鱼排第一根本不合理，这东西高嘌呤，造成高尿酸、痛风，写稿的人根本不提一下。
  18. @KK-kn4mf: 這AI影像什麼鬼 手變成腳
  19. @chiujohn9366: 鮪魚都叫做健康食物，既然你説牠含重属影响健康又怎會說成健康海鲜排名榜上？痴？
  20. @藏書墨林: 就資本認為的罷了，與事實不一樣

- Japan's Superfood Secret: Why Canned Mackerel Always Flies Off Shelves: Kind: captions Language: en Japan superfood secret why can't macro always F off shell that's something I'm going to talk about today so stick around hi my name isak Takia I am the author of the ik diet and iy biohacking okay so before I shared with you top 10 healthiest foods selected by 300 Japanese doctors right and and then here are the top 10 healthiest food yeah and then so number two Bru skin fish such as sardine and macro yeah because of omega-3 fatty acid DHA and EPA yeah Bruin fish is considered to be a superfood yeah and especially can Mar is very popular there's a big hand mro boom in Japan yeah it is called sabak in Japanese sabba means macro K means you know can yeah so macro is called sabak in Japanese so sabak is everywhere so there are like a big you know shelves of sabahan different sort of flavor you know the Sab using miso and regular like water Saban and some other sort of flavors and stuff like that yeah so savan is very big and it is featured in numerous magazines and TV programs yeah so people are crazy about Saban in Japan yeah okay so why is it so Sensational today I would like to share with you three reasons why and macro is Sensational yeah so number one yeah so again it is omega3 f acid yeah because of the health benefit of you know omega3 people are crazy about saak now as far as omega3 is concerned yeah you you know about you know Dr Ronda Patrick she talks about it all the time you know she strongly recommend Omega-3 acid there are countless health benefit yeah a common health benefit known for is our brain it's good for the brain and it's good for the eyes and it's good for the heart too but there are so many other health benefit for detail yeah please watch Dr L Patrick videos if you search under omega3 and Dr Rond Patrick you find tons of videos about this nutrient yeah um or or just the health benefit of fish in general please watch my other video yeah the actual title is the power fish in the Japanese diet health benefit you need to know yeah I'll share the link in the description box below okay so now so why the kind macro then because omega3 is abundant in fish in general yeah so you can just eat regular macro or s yeah but in a c micro all nutrients are preserved in the can now so depending on how you prepare your fish sometimes omega3 is lost like if you deep fry the fish then you lose 50% of Omega-3 fatti acid when you grill or boil maybe you lose about 20% of omega-3 fat acid so it's not that much so you don't need to worry too much about but in the C mcro all are remained in the C because sometimes the omega3 like a soak into the liquid to the water yeah so if you drink the water as well then you gain the benefit Omega three completely yeah so that means if you let's say put you know macro into a soup like misile soup then you drink the soup as well then you can uh absorb all omega-3 fatty acid yeah so the great thing about c c fish in general is that everything is complete in the C even the bones yeah um for sardines I said you can eat the bones too but for macro you can eat small bones but not big bones but in the can uh bones are so soft that you can eat the entire bone yeah so it's a calcium yeah calcium rich and then you can have the complete omega-3 fatty acid um yeah so that that's why hand macro is so popular now so I told you about Z from zeni diet yeah meaning eating the food as a whole so when you want to eat fish you want to eat the whole fish so from that point of view because you are eating the whole thing like you know bonees and you know all the oil everything so that is good in that point of view too okay so the second aspect is convenient yeah because it's so convenient so easy it doesn't take a long time to prepare the dish yeah to make a dish like that yeah you just prepare other ingredient and you just add you know Saban to the dish and then you just make a dish but if you are to start from regular fish then you need to to fast cut the fish and then maybe you put salt and kind of get rid of the smell and then then you need to grill it or you know boil it or you know whatever the way that you use but you have to prepare the fish but with a c mcro you don't need that so it takes much shorter time to prepare dish yeah it's so easy and simple and this is critical because not everybody has time and not everybody had a strong will to you know spend a long time preparing something you know so it makes like aage people people who not necessarily health conscious you know to uh to to consume it regularly to consume it on regular basis so this convenience is quite important yeah um and also that means you can you know stock it for a long time yeah when you just buy a regular fish then it last just only for few days I mean you can always freeze it yeah but with a can it stock it and so you can just buy you know whole bunch of cans and then you can just you know consume them like for a month or so so it is very convenient in that sense too yeah and then the third reason is so it doesn't smell as much as regular fish you know the smell can be offputting factor for some people like my wife my wife doesn't like the fishy smell yeah so sometimes she complains if I I cook fish cuz I I like to eat fish right and she says you know please uh you know cook fish dish on you know Monday night and you know Wednesday night Thursday night because usually we have the kind of bable garbage day on Tuesday morning and Friday morning yeah so if we cook fish the night before then we can always throw away the remain of the fish yeah because you you can't the tail you you cut the head off and so those even if you put them in the garbage still sort of smell stays in the kitchen so she doesn't like that yeah but with a CN fish it we don't have that problem once you consume the fish and you wash the car well then the smell disappears right so it is convenient in that sense as well right yeah that is why can macro is so popular yeah okay however there are some problems with the c fish in general and that is why I don't recommend it so much so one is additives like depending on the product but there's certain you know flavor in the product like this is like a butter flavor it's got a curry and ketchup flavor so they're using butter right but we don't know what kind of butter they using and this cry and ketchup we don't know what sort of curry powder and ketchup they're using plus they might contain some sugar and different kind of things so you need to think about what else are in the car yeah and so the better way is to choose misi yeah which means prepared only by water and salt yeah just using only water and salt and macro yeah so that's much better yeah however often the salt content is very high yeah so if you consume the entire can like you know drinking all the liquid sometime it is too much salt intake yeah and then that's a Pity because the liquid is the key you know I told you that all you know omega-3 fatty acid soak into the liquid so you want to you know eat the whole thing but if you do that it's too much salt intake yeah and also you can't choose the fish yeah you don't know where the fish comes from if you buy the regular fish then you you can look at you know where the fish come from and then choose yeah but you cannot do that with the can macro and then there's a Coatings problem you know that you know the Can Has a coating and then that coating uh can soak into the fish and surrounding liquid yeah um so that can be a problem I mean it depending on the product and depending on on what type of you know coating they're using what kind of can they're using so you need to check you know the the actual product yet you don't want to worry too much about all those problems you know you know Dr Londa Patrick say sometimes people are fixated upon the problems and not noticing the benefit they get because sometimes the benefit outweighs the problems think about how much you will lose by not getting omega-3 fatty acid I spoke about ich Zen a little bit for details please read my book The IAI diet the secret Japanese diet to Health and Longevity the book contains more useful information such as magashi SanSai shui and Har and K yeah those are important factors in the natural Japanese dietary culture that's it for today thank you for watching again my name is the author of The I diet and iy bioh hacking if you like this video please give me your thumb up and subscribe to my channel and please leave your comment have you ever eaten CED macro or do you have CN macro in your country and is it popular like it is in Japan right so in the next video I will share with you how to make hand macro at home yeah so this will solve all problems I talked about yeah at the end of this video yeah so by making your own hand mro then you get to choose the fish you get to choose the ingredient and everything yeah right so I will see you in the next [Music] video

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gary65437 [2 likes]: DHA and EPA are present in fish, fish oils, and krill oils, but they are originally synthesized by microalgae, not by the fish. When fish consume phytoplankton that consumed microalgae, they accumulate the omega-3s in their tissues
  2. @akula9713 [2 likes]: I have your book😊 very good. I eat sardines every week.
  3. @ulyintewksbury [1 likes]: Canned mackerel tastes good right off the can. :face-red-heart-shape: #Nippon
  4. @RathapolR [1 likes]: My family learned to make basic canning, we buy fresh mackerel frozen and boil in stainless steel container ourselves(It is cruder than canning and is not completely airtight, but it has all the nutrient and whole bones so soft as we boiled with 60 ceilcius in water and sometime homemade sauce), all the inedible parts that is innards and offals we are used to the smell and we often pour into our personal compost.
 due to mackerel from a company we knew made mandatory tomato sauces, our family became stubbornly decided not eat unless they recieved a company reveal mail how they grown tomato, and we're still waiting for the company to reveal how they sourced tomato. 
Thank you for information , i am relieved that in Japan where i have internet friends still love mackerel.
  5. @adamesd3699 [1 likes]: Thank you for this informative explanation.
  6. @danielkowalski7527 [1 likes]: Eating canned fish while living on the island rlly is a state of mind ^^
In Poland smoked mackrel is popular and was way more during communism times
  7. @alejandroluer-q6o: Thank you! I wish you the best for your channel.
  8. @bwalsh6992: Excellnt if u like Fuchisima radiated fish ...
  9. @traceem9185: Excellent very informative ❤ from New Zealand
  10. @Gary65437: I never hear you mention the heavy metal toxins in fish. Do you believe there is no risk? A famous politician in the US blames mercury poison for his brain damage from his fondness of eating tuna sandwiches often. And another person had arsenic poisoning from eating 3 cans of sardines a day. US health agency warns not to eat fish more than once or twice a week and not the large fish, and if pregnant don't eat any fish.
  11. @NUMSFILMS: Thanks, Sachiaki. I like that you added the 10 healthiest foods at the beginning of the video for us as a reminder.
  12. @mykindpharm: Canned mackerel… canning doesn’t hurt things?

- MUST WATCH b4 going to your first rave/music festival || 20 things no one tells you to bring …: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey guys welcome back to my channel and today you know you guessed it whatever it says on the title right here it's great for you to be here on this video today to help you first timer ravers or music festival goers to know what to bring to your first music festival or to music festivals in general so it's really important to bring some essential things to a music festival because without some of these things you may not survive a music festival but that may be a lie because the best time is always with your friends so even if you forget some things at least you have your friends with you and some good vibes so let's get to my video okay so the very first thing that i would bring to music festival is definitely my wallet i make sure that i have my ids with me so like a government id and also money just in case since here we're in canada or in vancouver bc i bring two pieces of id because they always ask for two pieces and i know in america they ask for one so shocking i wish we could get away with that and just really make sure that you bring a debit card or a credit card as well because some events may be cashless which means you cannot use cash at all okay cashless guys the second most important thing is definitely your wristbands or your tickets don't forget to bring your wristbands to the music festival because you may not get into the festival without it or even your ticket i know this year for faded i'm pretty upset that we're not getting wristbands for ga but again that's probably for a business move because it seems like not a lot of people are going to fade it this year but that's okay again don't forget to bring your ticket your mobile phone your phone will have the email to the ticket so bring that as well and again just really don't forget that those are like the two main essential things to bring to a festival your id credit card debit card and your wristbands because that's the way for you to get in the menu okay third phone charger this is a really old phone charger i actually use this other phone charger that i will link down below it's from amazon but yeah it's a great portable phone charger that i use and bring to music festival so that i can recharge up my iphone if in need of recharging during the festival so that i could hopefully take some more photos and videos if my phone were to die the next big thing that's really important to bring is definitely my earplugs i always tell everyone to bring your earplugs especially when going to events because you are right by the speakers or the sound systems are just so loud so this is my ear plugs sorry it's not focusing right here these ear plugs are from amazon i honestly should start looking for really good earplugs but honestly this earplug is really really great i'm not going to be complaining about this earplug it's really great it has helped my ears throughout every event and festival that i've gone to and i'll link that below as well and this is called the the mamba mumba mumba so that's what it is protect those ears and prevent yourself from getting tinnitus guys ringing in your ears after music festivals or events okay okay so the next important thing that i would bring to music festival is definitely a hydration bay i don't have the best hydration bag i am your typical amazon buyer so i got the sojourner bag it's from amazon i'll link it down below but i think this is a really great first time music festival go over bag this was really great edc no complaints nothing was leaking but i also heard that the lunchbox bag is a great bag i heard really great things about it again this bag is great and it comes with the hydration pack inside as well which is really great for music festivals if you want more information about this bag i'll create a video for this so that this video won't be too long i forgot to mention this but it's really important for you to make sure to read the rules when it comes to bags what kind of bags you can bring into a festival like for example at faded in the park you're not allowed to bring a big bag you can only bring like a small bag maybe like a fanny pack and also you can only bring a small mini clear bag so again make sure to read the music festival rules in terms of what kind of bags you can bring in it's really really important to bring sunglasses guys you want to protect those eyes from the bright lights throughout the show and you also want to protect your eyes from the sun because again a lot of music festivals are outdoors and you really want to make sure that your eyes stay protected so always bring your sunglasses and on top of that i also bring other glasses with me just for like style and such for example edc i brought this glasses with me match my outfit and then also i brought some refactory glasses these are heart ones so when you look at it you see hearts so next thing to bring to a music festival is gum helps your breath stay fresh and also helps you with your chewing if you're a chewer at a music festival next thing that i would recommend bringing to music festival is chapstick chapstick any chapstick guys your lips do get dried because you're dehydrated and again it's super hot out during the festivals and such and you're probably drinking alcohol too so there's a lot of different factors that can lead for your lips to get dry so bring your chapsticks so that your lips aren't dry throughout the past also another item that i bring to a music festival with me is an inhaler what i use it for is to help like clear my nose throughout the music festival and no it's not drugs guys some people look at me when i do this at vessels they're like what the heck are they snorting but no this is just vicks i actually got this from thailand thailand has a whole bunch but i believe you can maybe get some vics on amazon not too sure because again a lot of my vicks are from thailand so yeah but these are really great to keep my nose nice and fresh and to clear up all the dust that goes into my nose all right so the next thing that i bring to a festival is definitely a hand sani this is from my swag bag from edc i think a really small mini size travel size hand sanitizer is great at a music festival because just in case the porta potties don't have any soap or sani and you come out and you're just like i just want to clean my hand well again mini sani great great to carry on the music festival and again you can also have this for before eating food as well right you want to make sure you keep those germs away and prevent you from getting covered so the next thing that i would bring to a music festival is tissue and any wipes as well it'd be really great to have tissues or wipes around so that you can just clean yourself off if there's any messes during the festival and the next thing that i would bring to a music festival with me is definitely face masks it's so important to bring face masks so that perhaps if you were in a venue that was very dusty you can protect your nose and mouth also because it's covered times now it's great for protection as well to protect you from getting covered but again masks has been around since even before kovid so for you ravers or new ravers or music festival goers this year it is really important to bring a mask because again protect your nose and mouse so another thing that i bring is candy um not every music festival i have people or ravers that bring candy so candy is not what i'm talking about like if you're thinking that's candy that you eat no not that candy i'm talking about trading candy so candy like this so these are one of my favorite candies let me just show you guys this is my good vibration candy and then one of the one of the candies i received from music festival from a raver back then but i like to bring my candy around so that i can trade a whole bunch of candy to other ravers or first-time music festival goers or people that are wanting to learn candy training i always bring them so just so that people can have the full-on experience and understand what candy trading is at music festival so that's what i do i do have a whole bag so if you ever want me to show what my candy collection is let me know i will definitely do that for you guys as well all right so the next thing that i bring to music festival with me is definitely a pashmina so this is my pashmina i got this at edc this can help you keep warm it can also be part of your outfit pashmina is something you want to have because again some music festivals you can get cold and weather changes like at edc it got so windy during day one i wish i bought pashmina right away so yeah pashmina really great essential wear for rave rare okay so another big festival is a hair tie it's so important to bring a hair tie because depending on what kind of a raver or music festival person you are i would bring a hair tie just because my hair could get messy and be in my way and if by the end of the night i just want to tie my hair why not right so the festival is definitely a disposable camera i love bringing disposable cameras to music festivals because i love taking photos disposable camera is really nice because you get to print out these photos and for me i am a photo collector i like to make scrapbooks giving up photos to people so that they can remember all the great memories they've made during the music festival so that's why i bring a disposable camera another thing that i bring to music festival which is so essential here in vancouver bc or even in calgary um is a frame poncho okay frame ponchos guys is definitely a really big thing especially here in vancouver if you go to a music festival you never know how the weather is going to be like one day it could be sunny and then next thing you know it starts raining here because you know raincover sorry to you tourists that aren't really used to the rain here but again really important to bring your friend poncho because you just never know when it's gonna rain here another thing that i bring to a music festival are band-aids you never know when you'll get injured so i just bring a portable like easy to carry band-aids with me and i know some people um break in shoes for the first time so they ask for band-aids just so that they can put band-aids on the place where they get blisters so why not right and now we're going to medications yes i feel like a grandma with bringing a bunch of medications but what i do is i usually bring some tums i tend to get acid reflux sometimes depending whether i'm drinking or i don't know something just activates my acid reflux so maybe some spicy food who knows but i usually bring tums just in case and another thing tylenol or any any ibuprofen because if i start getting headaches due to the music being very loud or if it's just super sunny sometimes all of those factors just cause a major headache for me so i always just bring pain medications to help me feel better and because i'm a person that has allergies i also bring my epipen just in case so for you people that have allergies or some really strong anaphylactic reaction please bring your epipen because you don't want to die during the music festival jk but there are a lot of paramedics and such during the music festivals that you tend to so that's that's great and another thing that i bring is gravel gravel sometimes i bring because i do kind of get nauseous a little bit probably from drinking too much or whatever so i bring gravel as well okay so also at a music festival i like to bring a fan i don't have those handheld fans but some people do one thing that my boyfriend brought to edc this year was this fan it's hilarious what you do is you connect it it's this fan right here and what you do to get it to work is to connect it to your phone and voila look at that oh that's hilarious so we're doing this throughout edc and we're just like patting ourselves and looking at our phone as well that's that's so funny but yeah don't forget to bring a fan to keep you nice and cool because it does get super hot during music festivals as well and i think that's pretty much it that's all the items i bring to a music festival what do you guys bring to a music festival when you guys go but yeah i hope you guys earned something and hopefully you guys are able to bring some of your own personal items that could make you enjoy the music festival better and don't forget to like this video comment down below what music festivals are going to if i'm going to be seeing it faded in the park and don't forget to subscribe to my channel so i'll see you guys next time alright peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @MGloriaRN [3 likes]: yazz ear plugs ❤️ i get cold easily and i usually bring leg warmers and arm warmers too (:
  2. @CasaundraGodo [2 likes]: I'm so excited I'm going to my first EDM concert and it's at Red rocks!
  3. @LoveysGaming [1 likes]: First time elements 3 days 💯
  4. @Somedroxy [1 likes]: just found your channel, excited to see more rave content!!💖💖
  5. @andrejsirk6670: The couch changed😯
  6. @sahatsiahaan3037: Love your lil video is cute 😊 hope to see you guys edc 2023 let’s gooooo
  7. @ForeverReddStillHere: Awesome tips don’t forget if you are from Canada clubs in Las Vegas anyways do not except our Canadian I’d only same with weed spots .

- How to Go to A Show or Festival By Yourself (& Why You Should!): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to my channel today's video I'm going to be talking about how to go to an event festival rave concert by yourself and why you should if you don't know me my name is ade I'm a music festival content creator I have a blog I have a YouTube channel obviously and I write about going to music festivals and help you guys with some tips tricks all that kind of stuff and a lot of you guys have asked me I want to go to this festival I want to go to this show I want to go to this rave but I don't have anyone to go with and I don't want to miss out so how can I go I've definitely been there when I first moved to Austin I only knew my cousin here and that's it so when I first moved here I literally freaked out and I was like what am I gonna do like I came from Arizona where I knew a ton of people in the rave scene I would always go to a show a festival and aside from my rave fam I would always run into people so moving to Austin I was like okay well thinkorswim here we're either not gonna go into any shows or to any festivals or we have to make friends and or we go by ourselves and figure it out so I hope with this video it helps you feel a little bit more at ease about going to a festival going to a show or anything by yourself and you feel good and can go out and do that so you don't have to miss out on anything in your life if you're new here welcome to my channel be sure to hit that subscribe button to vibe with me and join a little vibe tribe I love you guys so much you can also find me on social media at 5:08 so I do have a blog post written about this this is actually one of the first blog post I probably posted on by with 8 I'll link it down below but all the tips that I put in there are definitely still relevant today and we're gonna go through them first thing that I'm gonna do is like why you should go and then I'll talk about like how you can go so the reasons why is you'll be in control of your own experience you will make friends and you'll have no regrets and going so the first one you are in control of your experience if you've gone to a big festival with a huge group of people that all wants to see different artists it gets really tough and if you want to see all those artists with like your group of people and you decide that you miss out on an artist you really wanted to see because you wanted to stick with your group that is one thing that I like have never personally done I'll go see the artist I want to see but I can understand people wanting to stick with their group if cell-surface is really bad or you don't have a tote whatever but if you go to a festival by yourself you are in total control of your whole experience you get to go see whatever artist you want to see you get to go meet whoever you literally do whatever and I experienced this when I went to something wicked 2017 I live basically by myself and I could just bounce around to each stage and like I had made friends that had a totem so if I like went to a different stage I would go find them at the next stage that they might be at you know and same thing was like a CL I went to a CL weekend to basically by myself and I was in charge of my whole experience I could go see whoever do whatever in a way I did kind of go - holy by myself because it was just me like I was friends with my roommate but we weren't like besties or anything so I could still go see the artist I wanted to see and I had friends on holy but they were like in their own rooms and their own groups or whatever so I was in complete control of my whole experience honestly that's probably a really great way to do it like I love my friends and I love going to festivals with them but I'll usually break off from them any quick and go see the artist that I want to see so it's nice that you can gank you could be in control of when you get to the venue when you have to go to pop and when you want to get food like you don't have to worry about anyone else you just have to worry about yourself you know so number two you will make friends I know it can be so hard to put yourself out there trust me that is how I've like combatted my social anxiety is just like doing this fight-or-flight mode like we either don't make friends and we just sit in the corner and don't hawk that anyone no shame if you do or we put ourselves out there and we make friends and we connect with people and those friendships can be extremely beneficial later down the road so I always if I go to something about myself I always leave with a friend somehow just from someone not was like bonding that I was like rocking out next to or someone that was also there by themselves to like I bought him a lot of shows where I was like I'm here by myself and they're like yeah me too and like we've exchanged numbers we stay friends on social media whatever I know that have to be as simple as like hi my name like whatever you could just be vibing out with that person or if you see a funny totem in the crowd go up and complement their totem and like be friends with them just be like hey like I'm here alone like can I hang out with you guys for a little bit like whatever and then just keep repeating that it gets easier as much as you do it you know what I'm saying like the more you keep on doing it the more natural and easier it gets it's definitely hard trust me I know but imagine this you're at a show you're out of festival you go up to someone is someone really gonna be like weird to you and if they are then they're like the weirdest people at the fossil you know what I'm saying like they're weird for not being accepting and loving towards someone who says that they're there by themselves you know what I mean they're not the people you want to be hanging out with anyway so don't let that discourage you just like move on to the next and keep on enjoying your time and keep enjoying the music that you're there for you'll have no regrets going I talked to people who have gone to events by themselves I've gone to events by myself and they've said you won't have any regrets in going there might be some mishaps or bumps along the road but overall you'll still have a good time and I think it's so sad to let something as like I don't have a group to go it get in the way of you going and EDC or going to that show and seeing your favorite artists or going to another festival because you don't have a group to go with I think there are ways to figure it out and you can get yourself there and life is so short you guys thought if there's anything that you get out of this video and coming to my channel and anything is that you need to live your life live your best life and do things that make you happy and will fulfill you and if going to festivals fulfill to you then you need to like figure out how to go even if you don't have a group you know I've done it there's a ton of people that do it there are things in place to support you if you feel you're alone out of festival or because you go by yourself like there are groups of people that's festivals that aren't there to help you and make sure you're having a good time and staying safe like relentless beats has their Rangers insomnia cuz ground control so even if you feel like you're alone there are people that are gonna be there for you they're gonna embrace you so if you decide to go to Fuzzle you're by yourself you're not gonna regret it because you're gonna be doing all these things to make sure that you still best festival experience possible some other things to consider here's I know personal safety can be like a big reason why people don't want to go to a festival by themselves what I do is that a lot of my friends have my location I tell my parents I tell my friends like I'm going to this festival I'm staying at this hotel or these are like all my travel itinerary planned a lot of them have my location on find my friends I let a lot of people know that I'm going in the event that something does happen there are bread crumbs at least to track that not saying that anything would happen but you just never know like I said there's like ground control there's Rangers there's people that walk through the crowds to ensure personal safety so if you don't feel safe at all while you're at the festival then like let someone know let security know let someone know that you don't feel safe because of X Y & Z or whatever if you are leaving the festival by yourself if you've been a friend or something see what they're like plans are for getting home or if you can let them know like hey I'm just gonna take an uber can I like just let you know when I get home or like something like that can we exchange phone numbers I also if you were walking to a car or to an uber by yourself I would ask maybe someone that works there hey could I could you walk me to my car by myself I just want to make sure that like I'm gonna go you know whatever and hopefully there would be someone that would help you out I've had a groups of people walk me to my car before at a festival even if I wasn't going by myself but I was like driving by myself home someone would walk me to my car just to make sure that that's just like a general like safety thing I also made sure to keep my phone charged throughout the entire time of the festival I know we can get super caught up on that I'm very aware of my surroundings if I'm alone just in case you just never know but hopefully that makes you feel better with some tips you can still enjoy the festival but you also just be aware of your surroundings and take care of yourself and utilize those resources around you that are out bus tools or app shows to make sure that you feel safe and then the last thing that I will say is use social media as much as we hate social media sometimes you can use it to your benefit there's an app called radiate where you can meet people that are going to that same festival as you you can use Twitter you can use Instagram I've seen a lot of people on Twitter be like hey I'm going to ET see by myself like anyone buddy up and like get a room together or like go together whatever I linked up to my friends that were going to crush by themselves and they ended up meeting up and like having a great time he use social media to your advantage it's okay to admit that you're going along to a festival and you want to make friends like there is no shame in that everyone is going to a festival they want to make friends they want to enjoy music you know at some point so use social media there's Facebook groups on like EDC electro boys there's a Facebook group probably for every festival so if you're going and you want to be like hey like I want to meet up whatever like you could do that I dunno electric forest that reminds me they have something called her forest which tickets already sold out but I don't know if you can still join that but that's something that they have that's like an initiative that if you're a woman going by herself for a pair of women or whatever you could join that camp and that's specifically for women so that's like something that makes women feel safe and empowered to be out of festival whether they're by themselves or not so that's just like an example other festivals might have similar initiatives like that or there's just groups in general not bond served by the festival but there might be groups like that where there's other women who are going to fossils by themselves they're like something like that if you thought makes any sense so definitely use social media to your advantage my hope with this video is that you guys feel confident and cool and great to go to your festivals Show concert whatever by yourself it is terrifying at first and extremely nerve-wracking like I'm a planner I'm a worrier I like to know everything that's gonna happen but when I was in Austin that first couple months and I didn't know anyone and I was going to shows by myself and festivals by myself it was 100% worth it I will say and I'm a living breathing example here that it does go right and when you plan things and you let people know and you are aware of your surroundings and you're there to make friends and enjoy the music it is so so worth it so I hope this helps you guys like I said there's a blog post down below so you can reference it another time if you did like this video give it a thumbs up hit that subscribe button to join the little vibe tribe and I will see you guys in the next one bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @frankiephiri7286 [13 likes]: I'm going for my first ever festival this weekend. I'm going there alone and I wanted change my mind cause   I've been afraid of feeling lonely and out of place but this video is really encouraging. thank you
  2. @Jula.Vadini [9 likes]: Im going alone to a festival this year ! It’s waaay out my comfort zone but your video and all the kindhearted comments make me feel much better 😍🥰
  3. @cassandralittle [4 likes]: I’m nervous to go alone, because clubbing alone is a literal nightmare, but I just keep remembering PLUR and how beautiful the rave community is - and I’m gonna do it. 
I always do things alone, and I love doing things alone, I just felt like festivals might be different - but I really appreciate this video and giving me the confidence to go alone!! I am so excited.
  4. @shericegillespie7409 [1 likes]: I'm sitting at a reggae festival, listening to an audiobook in between acts. I brought snacks and water.
  5. @cain6266 [1 likes]: Currently watching videos like these so I can hype myself up to go to matroda in Orlando 😂  going alone is its own adrenaline rush .
  6. @OKeefeist [1 likes]: Festival by yourself is without doubt the best way to do it
  7. @ariadnaaaaaaaaaaa [1 likes]: What about going to Clubs to Rave Alone? As a Women I am scared Men will become Creeps. I feel if I was a Man I would literally go to all events but I have this constant fear maybe a freak would turn a great night into my worse nightmare!
  8. @DylanatorPlayz123 [1 likes]: Alway bring lollipops and just hand them out
  9. @mysentiments3298 [1 likes]: YOU ARE AWESOME!!! THANK YOU FOR THIS MESSAGE!
  10. @wataboutme6052 [1 likes]: most likely going to see Skrillex at Hangout Fest 2023 alone, thank you sm for this video hella love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🫶🫶🫶
  11. @shahani6037 [1 likes]: I just bought a tix for Day 2 and all my friends are going Day 1. Lol fuck it!!!! I'm going alone first time 😅
  12. @cassandralittle: I love the women’s forest thing, that is fire 🔥
  13. @cassandralittle: Maybe I’ll get a friend to pick me up from the festie, that way there’s no time outside the festival alone either
  14. @BlackKitty2867: I’m going to Hard Summer alone tomorrow. This is helpful!
  15. @harrietb9078: Awesome video thank you soo much!
  16. @jra.4315: Going to interstellar by myself next weekend got a bit of anxiety
  17. @meangirlera1: I am going to crssd alone :)
I just recently learned about Holy Ship and thinking of going next year.
  18. @rebeccalipps4234: Thank you for sending this message out there!
  19. @kamilzabiegala1649: Love your Videos!
  20. @psysolo1609: Ayy thank you 🙃

- The Logistics of Music Festivals: Kind: captions Language: en This is the Glastonbury Festival… or at least,&nbsp; it will be. Right now it’s a dairy farm,&nbsp;&nbsp; set in the Somerset countryside, home to about 400&nbsp; cows. Through fall, winter, and spring they graze&nbsp;&nbsp; the fields for grass and shrubs, in turn producing&nbsp; milk that’s used to make Worthy Farm Cheddar. But&nbsp;&nbsp; come late-April, it’s time for them to relocate&nbsp; to their summer residence at a nearby farm.&nbsp;&nbsp; That’s because these fields are about to be&nbsp; transformed into the largest greenfield music&nbsp;&nbsp; festival in the entire world—in a matter&nbsp; of weeks, 200,000 people will descend onto&nbsp;&nbsp; this farm in the middle of nowhere Britain.&nbsp; First, they block off access—there are a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of roads and footpaths running through it which&nbsp; of course need to become private as construction&nbsp;&nbsp; begins. Next, the perimeter fence goes up, along&nbsp; with the very first facility: a preliminary site&nbsp;&nbsp; office from which the construction processes will&nbsp; be led. Before construction begins, though, they&nbsp;&nbsp; need to address the roads. Most of them are made&nbsp; of dirt meaning in Britain’s rainy weather, with&nbsp;&nbsp; a large number of heavy vehicles, they’d quickly&nbsp; become impassable. That’s why they lay down these&nbsp;&nbsp; temporary metal road coverings rated for up to&nbsp; 40 tonnes. There’s also the matter of bridges.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are a number across the site and small&nbsp; farm bridges were never designed to accommodate&nbsp;&nbsp; a constant barrage of semi-trucks, so while many&nbsp; have been permanently upgraded through the years&nbsp;&nbsp; to handle the demand, others get temporarily&nbsp; reinforced just for the festival period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Around mid-May, the core stage of the build&nbsp; begins, so the site office gets supplemented&nbsp;&nbsp; with shower and toilet facilities so that staff&nbsp; can camp on-site. Across the following weeks,&nbsp;&nbsp; this staff headquarters will continue&nbsp; to grow—they’ll add a first aid center,&nbsp;&nbsp; a welfare center with mental health and conflict&nbsp; resolution support, a staff canteen with three&nbsp;&nbsp; hot meals a day, even a number of crew bars.&nbsp; The bulk of the build-work involves erecting&nbsp;&nbsp; around 90 major temporary structures,&nbsp; ranging from tents to stages. What this&nbsp;&nbsp; looks like from the perspective of Glastonbury&nbsp; Festival Events Limited—the actual organizing&nbsp;&nbsp; company—is facilitating the work of a huge number&nbsp; of subcontractors who do the operational work of&nbsp;&nbsp; erecting each facility. Their staff does&nbsp; little themselves beyond, well, organize.&nbsp;&nbsp; As this occurs, work starts to build the core&nbsp; infrastructure of the event. Sanitation is of&nbsp;&nbsp; paramount importance—200,000 people is a lot, and&nbsp; if there are not enough places for them to go,&nbsp;&nbsp; they’ll find their own places to do their&nbsp; business. Glastonbury’s sanitation solution&nbsp;&nbsp; would be described by some as innovative&nbsp; and by others as horrific. Basically,&nbsp;&nbsp; they dig giant pits in the ground. They then&nbsp; install what’s called a long-drop toilet—a&nbsp;&nbsp; row of toilet seats on top of holes that drop&nbsp; into the bigger hole. The “innovation” is that&nbsp;&nbsp; the large hole is big enough that it doesn’t have&nbsp; to be emptied during the festival. Worthy Farm’s&nbsp;&nbsp; roads are massively congested during the festival,&nbsp; so having to have trucks constantly make their&nbsp;&nbsp; way through to empty out Porta Potties would be&nbsp; quite detrimental to broader festival operations.&nbsp;&nbsp; Rather, they clean the pits out just once at the&nbsp; end of the festival, then refill the hole with&nbsp;&nbsp; dirt and allow residual waste to biodegrade. Of course it’s not all about outputs—there are&nbsp;&nbsp; also the inputs. The festival includes about 1,000&nbsp; different traders—food vendors, craft stalls,&nbsp;&nbsp; charity tents, and more. Now, of course, it would&nbsp; be chaos if each and every one of these vendors&nbsp;&nbsp; had to be entirely self-sufficient—each&nbsp; stall would operate its own generator,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’d have propane canisters strewn all over the&nbsp; place, and the single-use plastics consumption&nbsp;&nbsp; would fly firmly in the face of the festival’s&nbsp; eco-conscious mission. That’s why Glastonbury&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially operates its own utility system.&nbsp; While Worthy Farm looks like a farm and operates&nbsp;&nbsp; as a farm, the fact that the festival was founded&nbsp; by the farm’s owners—who still own it to this&nbsp;&nbsp; day—made it practical to build some permanent&nbsp; infrastructure. The most notable example of this&nbsp;&nbsp; is its water supply system. Underneath the fields&nbsp; is a network of pipes, similar to that underneath&nbsp;&nbsp; any town, distributing water to key facilities.&nbsp; This has existed for decades, but the trouble&nbsp;&nbsp; was that demand over festival weekend was so much&nbsp; more than traditionally needed in the area—about&nbsp;&nbsp; 3 million liters a day compared to typical demand&nbsp; of just a half million in the adjacent village.&nbsp;&nbsp; Naturally, that demand spike strained the local&nbsp; water mains and led to low pressure for nearby&nbsp;&nbsp; residents. They complained that they were unable&nbsp; to do their laundry or take a shower during the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival, which wasn’t just annoying—it was&nbsp; a risk to the festival itself. When community&nbsp;&nbsp; sentiment goes down, so too does the likelihood&nbsp; of getting an operating permit. As a fix,&nbsp;&nbsp; the festival experimented with trucking water&nbsp; in using tankers and filling massive bladders&nbsp;&nbsp; that would feed into the pipes, but while this&nbsp; alleviated the water pressure issues it still led&nbsp;&nbsp; to community impact due to the nonstop procession&nbsp; of trucks snaking through small village streets.&nbsp;&nbsp; So eventually they built two massive underground&nbsp; reservoirs. Today, in the weeks leading up to the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival, these are slowly filled at a rate that&nbsp; does not stress the local system, and they have&nbsp;&nbsp; enough capacity to cover festival weekend without&nbsp; creating exceptional demand on the local system.&nbsp; The other utilities are provided by third-party&nbsp; contractors—the festival requires that all traders&nbsp;&nbsp; buy propane from the company Festival Gas which&nbsp; operates regular deliveries throughout the site.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meanwhile, another company called Aggreko builds&nbsp; a temporary electric grid for the festival,&nbsp;&nbsp; using a combination of large generators and&nbsp; renewable sources, and traders contract directly&nbsp;&nbsp; with them for their power supply more or less&nbsp; how they would with a traditional grid operator.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is only the start of the rules&nbsp; imposed on vendors by the festival.&nbsp;&nbsp; Each one of them is an independent business, but&nbsp; they’re perceived by attendees as a component of&nbsp;&nbsp; the overall experience, and therefore Glastonbury&nbsp; is accountable for them and their actions. That’s&nbsp;&nbsp; why they all have their binder: a huge&nbsp; collection of paperwork on which their&nbsp;&nbsp; ability to keep operating hinges. While exact&nbsp; requirements will vary, in 2015, it looked&nbsp;&nbsp; like this—vehicle and staff passes, proof of&nbsp; insurance, health and safety documentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; even their very own A5 No Smoking sign.&nbsp; But the vendors, for their part, have had&nbsp;&nbsp; plenty of time to prepare this documentation&nbsp; along with their staffing plan, exact footprint&nbsp;&nbsp; and layout of their space, and all the other&nbsp; minutiae required as the application window&nbsp;&nbsp; opens some nine months prior, with selection being&nbsp; made three months prior to the festival. Selection&nbsp;&nbsp; takes such a long time because a festival is not&nbsp; just trying to fill the openings, they’re trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to fill the openings with vendors that match the&nbsp; festival’s particular values and particular needs.&nbsp;&nbsp; From the nonprofit and jewelry tents, to those&nbsp; making greasy late-night meals or morning-after&nbsp;&nbsp; breakfasts, vendors inform the experience of a&nbsp; festival just as much as the art and music, so&nbsp;&nbsp; the Glastonbury planners pour over each and every&nbsp; detailed application. And should a vendor get in,&nbsp;&nbsp; they’ll be paying for the privilege. While&nbsp; exact fees to trade at Glastonbury aren’t&nbsp;&nbsp; listed because each is case by case, sizable&nbsp; and well-positioned food vendors have reported&nbsp;&nbsp; prices in the 15-to-20,000-pound range for&nbsp; the busier spaces nearer to major stages,&nbsp;&nbsp; with rates dropping the farther one is&nbsp; positioned from the festival center.&nbsp;&nbsp; A telling sign that the hefty upfront fee&nbsp; for a five-day run is worthwhile, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; is a particular feature that appears in&nbsp; small print on the Glastonbury map—the&nbsp;&nbsp; wholesale market. Essentially, it’s a shop for&nbsp; the shops. Each morning of the festival there’s&nbsp;&nbsp; a procession toward this spot as wholesalers&nbsp; bring in staple ingredients, fresh foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; and serveware for the depleted vendors to&nbsp; purchase. Much of these interactions take&nbsp;&nbsp; place in the morning when the festival grounds&nbsp; are generally quieter and easier to navigate.&nbsp;&nbsp; For a small window of time, a slew of trucks&nbsp; and tractors are permitted to run deliveries&nbsp;&nbsp; around the site very slowly and carefully. But&nbsp; for most, supplies are purchased and then hauled&nbsp;&nbsp; by hand or wagon to get ready for the next rush.&nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Staying in stock is critical for vendors and&nbsp;&nbsp; the festival alike, as a vendor is required to&nbsp; station their booth at their assigned spot for&nbsp;&nbsp; the entire run of the festival—as leaving early&nbsp; would mean a significant fine and lost chance&nbsp;&nbsp; to come back next year. In part, this is down&nbsp; to security, as the vendor areas, or markets,&nbsp;&nbsp; function effectively as islands sealed off from&nbsp; the general admission areas. Booths, therefore,&nbsp;&nbsp; are impermeable extensions of fences, each&nbsp; keeping the festival public outside the&nbsp;&nbsp; market zone where vendors have their vehicles and&nbsp; extra supplies, and in some cases, where there are&nbsp;&nbsp; vendor-only services and camping areas.&nbsp; Even separated from general admission,&nbsp;&nbsp; running a vendor at a festival is a draining&nbsp; affair. The lines at some hours will be unruly&nbsp;&nbsp; and never-ending, and at other times, nonexistent.&nbsp; The heat will be sweltering, and there will also&nbsp;&nbsp; be unrelenting rain. All the while there will&nbsp; be pressure—pressure to move enough product to&nbsp;&nbsp; justify the entry fee, pressure to make enough&nbsp; to keep a food truck up and running for the next&nbsp;&nbsp; few weeks until another festival, and pressure to&nbsp; adhere to food safety standards—the last of which,&nbsp;&nbsp; the festival is also keeping tabs on. To help wrangle Glastonbury’s vendors,&nbsp;&nbsp; the festival deploys managers with offices&nbsp; placed near groupings of markets to ensure&nbsp;&nbsp; policies are being respected by the vendors and&nbsp; guests and offering themselves as a resource&nbsp;&nbsp; should anything start going sideways between the&nbsp; two parties. These Market Managers report to the&nbsp;&nbsp; Partnership Director, who is responsible for&nbsp; dealing with all the external partnerships—from&nbsp;&nbsp; fencing contractors to food vendors—and&nbsp; operates from the Event Control Center,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in 2015 was located here at the Green Barn.&nbsp; Beyond market management, much of the overall&nbsp;&nbsp; security and safety structures that the festival&nbsp; relies on emanates from the Event Control Center.&nbsp;&nbsp; At its busiest, it will see some 500 employees&nbsp; and volunteers working in and around it, while&nbsp;&nbsp; representatives of each aspect of the festival&nbsp; will be based out of it for the festival's&nbsp;&nbsp; entirety—such as the Operations Director,&nbsp; Infrastructure Manager, Security Director,&nbsp;&nbsp; Site Manager, and Health and Safety Coordinator&nbsp; to name a few. Directly neighboring the control&nbsp;&nbsp; center is fire control and a makeshift police&nbsp; station, the former supplied by the regional&nbsp;&nbsp; Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service.&nbsp; Connected by phone, radio, and CCTV, the Event&nbsp;&nbsp; Control Center keeps close tabs on everything&nbsp; from impending weather and conditions across the&nbsp;&nbsp; ground to the flow of guests and density of crowds&nbsp; all with the aim to monitor pending problems and&nbsp;&nbsp; proactively gameplan solutions. And to make sure&nbsp; nothing is missed, and response can be hastened&nbsp;&nbsp; when problems do arise, the directors and managers&nbsp; stationed at the control center work with official&nbsp;&nbsp; Area Organizers spread across all areas of the&nbsp; festival—from stages to campgrounds. It’s this&nbsp;&nbsp; group that will supervise the buildout of their&nbsp; region, carry out daily inspections, and manage&nbsp;&nbsp; adherence on everything from health and safety&nbsp; standards to the onsite traffic management plan.&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, keeping a festival running smoothly&nbsp; and safely during it requires ample foresight&nbsp;&nbsp; before it. A campground, for instance,&nbsp; can be well monitored by area organizers,&nbsp;&nbsp; accounted for by police, and aided by a robust&nbsp; lost-and-found system, but crime and petty theft&nbsp;&nbsp; are things that a good festival addresses&nbsp; long before the festival. At Glastonbury,&nbsp;&nbsp; campgrounds are modestly lit by strung-up festoon&nbsp; lighting to minimize crime in the dark of night,&nbsp;&nbsp; while each camp will have lock-up areas for&nbsp; campers' valuables. In such a chaotic environment,&nbsp;&nbsp; the best way to solve problems is&nbsp; to limit them in the first place.&nbsp; &nbsp;The same goes with crowd dynamics—crowd control&nbsp; procedures only really work when officials have a&nbsp;&nbsp; good sense as to the exact number of participants&nbsp; they’re dealing with. As a generally free-spirited&nbsp;&nbsp; venture from the beginning, Glastonbury has always&nbsp; dealt with its fair share of gatecrashers. In its&nbsp;&nbsp; history, the festival has even welcomed them—a&nbsp; past that has created a culture of seemingly&nbsp;&nbsp; good-natured trespassing. But that changed with&nbsp; this fence. Running 5 miles or 8 kilometers&nbsp;&nbsp; around the festival’s perimeter, the Super&nbsp; Fortress Fence, as it’s called, has helped the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival ensure a right-sized crowd by minimizing&nbsp; intrusions with its smooth 12-foot tall face and&nbsp;&nbsp; 45-degree overhang at the top. Still, some will&nbsp; try it, so spread across the festival are guard&nbsp;&nbsp; towers and patrols on motorized vehicles to watch&nbsp; for those trying to sneak over, or under, the&nbsp;&nbsp; massive fence. Perhaps countering the festival’s&nbsp; traditionally welcoming ethos, the fence is a&nbsp;&nbsp; safety necessity because letting in thousands of&nbsp; unaccounted-for guests will strain resources and&nbsp;&nbsp; alter crowd dynamics to a potentially dangerous&nbsp; extent. And it’s also a licensing necessity,&nbsp;&nbsp; as this fence came into being in 2002 in response&nbsp; to a 15,000-pound fine for having gatecrashers&nbsp;&nbsp; take the crowd size well over the licensed&nbsp; capacity. Without a far more aggressive system&nbsp;&nbsp; of keeping people out, Glastonbury was facing&nbsp; the potential of losing its license entirely.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Now, organizing a festival like Glastonbury&nbsp; once is, in and of itself, a massive feat,&nbsp;&nbsp; but doing a festival like Glastonbury year&nbsp; in year out is yet more impressive because&nbsp;&nbsp; it not only has to function, it has to function&nbsp; well. What’s at risk is not just losing business,&nbsp;&nbsp; but losing the festival’s right to operate at&nbsp; all. There’s no inherent right for Glastonbury&nbsp;&nbsp; to operate. If things go wrong, it risks&nbsp; losing this: its operating permit. And&nbsp;&nbsp; making Glastonbury’s operations yet more&nbsp; challenging is the fact that it has to&nbsp;&nbsp; do all of this in a quiet, sparsely-populated&nbsp; rural area of famously bureaucratic Britain.&nbsp;&nbsp; An endless array of regulations are imposed&nbsp; on the festival by both the local and national&nbsp;&nbsp; government. Perhaps the biggest risk-area, in the&nbsp; government’s eyes, centers around alcohol. It’s&nbsp;&nbsp; of course in the festival’s financial interest&nbsp; to sell as much alcohol as possible, but too&nbsp;&nbsp; much drunken debauchery can and has turned music&nbsp; festivals into riots. Therefore, the UK government&nbsp;&nbsp; prohibits certain activities that it deems likely&nbsp; to promote excessive consumption. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; the venue must monitor to assure patrons are&nbsp; not pouring alcohol into other people’s mouths,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the festival is prohibited from running&nbsp; drinking games that involve consuming a certain&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of alcohol in a certain amount of time.&nbsp; But the government isn’t the only entity the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival is answerable to. Just as significant a&nbsp; risk is that of upsetting their insurers. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; festivals are incredibly risky businesses, but&nbsp; they’re also massive businesses. Glastonbury is&nbsp;&nbsp; estimated to earn upwards of $80 million a year&nbsp; in revenue, but that revenue all hinges on just&nbsp;&nbsp; five core days of operation. If weather washes it&nbsp; out or key artists fail to show or reality doesn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; match expectations, Glastonbury will likely have&nbsp; to refund ticket-sales—either due to government&nbsp;&nbsp; regulations or public pushback. Of course, almost&nbsp; all of the expenses—contractors, tent rentals,&nbsp;&nbsp; infrastructure, staff salaries—will have already&nbsp; been paid for. It’s not like a traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; concert-venue where a year-round schedule offsets&nbsp; the risk of individual shows—here, all their eggs&nbsp;&nbsp; are in one basket. Without insurance, one rainy&nbsp; weekend could bankrupt the business, and even&nbsp;&nbsp; without foul weather the festival might struggle&nbsp; to hire contractors and artists due to concern&nbsp;&nbsp; about nonpayment in the event of cancellation.&nbsp; So insurance is effectively mandatory. Almost any&nbsp;&nbsp; large festival will hold a massive policy covering&nbsp; both general liability and more unique risks like&nbsp;&nbsp; event cancellation and artist non-appearance.&nbsp; Very few insurers—reportedly about ten—will&nbsp;&nbsp; actually underwrite these policies given&nbsp; their massive scale, giving them quite a&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of leverage in setting terms. Every policy&nbsp; is unique, but much of the design and operations&nbsp;&nbsp; of festivals is therefore dictated by the&nbsp; insurer—for liquor liability coverage they&nbsp;&nbsp; might require that sales are limited to two&nbsp; at a time, for general liability coverage they&nbsp;&nbsp; might set security staffing minimums, for artist&nbsp; non-appearance coverage they might prohibit the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival from booking particularly troublesome&nbsp; artists, for event cancellation coverage they&nbsp;&nbsp; might require an on-site meteorologist.&nbsp; But while these insurance policies make&nbsp;&nbsp; event management a sustainable business,&nbsp; they are also now holding the industry back.&nbsp;&nbsp; Many of these policies did cover cancellation due&nbsp; to communicable diseases, meaning the insurers&nbsp;&nbsp; lost a colossal amount of money in 2020 due to the&nbsp; COVID pandemic. Five years on, it’s still almost&nbsp;&nbsp; impossible to get a policy covering pandemics, at&nbsp; least at a reasonable cost, but even the policies&nbsp;&nbsp; excluding it have inflated in cost. There have&nbsp; been a number of high-profile incidents that&nbsp;&nbsp; likely involved high-dollar payouts in recent&nbsp; years like the deadly Astroworld crowd crush.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then on top of that, there’s a global trend of&nbsp; increased extreme weather. Just as this is pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; up home insurance rates in fire-prone areas, it’s&nbsp; also raising the cost of festival insurance.&nbsp;&nbsp; Combined, there are instances like the Bonnaroo&nbsp; festival, in Tennessee, which cancelled in 2020&nbsp;&nbsp; due to COVID, 2021 due to flooding, and 2025 due&nbsp; to heavy rains. With three cancellations in six&nbsp;&nbsp; years, it’s no wonder insurance rates are going&nbsp; up. Bonnaroo is owned by Live Nation which, due to&nbsp;&nbsp; its scale, can likely negotiate lower rates as its&nbsp; risk is diversified over many different festivals,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the impacts are more pronounced for&nbsp; independent festivals like Glastonbury&nbsp;&nbsp; where the risk is more singular. And insurance&nbsp; issues are greatest for new festivals. Insurers&nbsp;&nbsp; charge higher rates when a festival is unproven,&nbsp; which makes it exceptionally hard to start a new,&nbsp;&nbsp; independent festival—especially when Fyre&nbsp; Fest so visibility demonstrated the risks.&nbsp;&nbsp; But of course the other risk to the festival’s&nbsp; longevity is that the neighbors just get sick of&nbsp;&nbsp; it. And it’s happened before. In 1992,&nbsp; Anne Goodes, a Worthy Farm neighbor,&nbsp;&nbsp; erected a 30-foot white cross overlooking&nbsp; the festival site from her property. As a&nbsp;&nbsp; devout Christian, Goodes was antagonistic towards&nbsp; what she considered blasphemy taking place during&nbsp;&nbsp; Glastonbury, between the free love and free drugs.&nbsp; And it wasn’t just her—as the festival grew, so&nbsp;&nbsp; too did the schism between it and the locals—so in&nbsp; response, founder Michael Eavis developed a series&nbsp;&nbsp; of solutions that today fall under the tightly&nbsp; named Event Management Plan—one that’s recorded,&nbsp;&nbsp; approved, and filed by Somerset Council. These&nbsp; plans are designed to essentially contain the&nbsp;&nbsp; festival—succesfully implemented, it should&nbsp; make it so the neighbors in Pilton barely&nbsp;&nbsp; perceive Glastonbury, even as their village&nbsp; of a thousand effectively grows to 200,000.&nbsp;&nbsp; Of course, not everything can be contained. A&nbsp; certain amount of litter, for example, is to&nbsp;&nbsp; be expected, and therefore the festival commits&nbsp; to cleaning up at key sites like the surrounding&nbsp;&nbsp; streets and local train station for three weeks&nbsp; before and after the event weekend. Light and&nbsp;&nbsp; noise pollution are also inevitable, so a 12:30&nbsp; p.m curfew is instituted on the main stages on&nbsp;&nbsp; Friday and Saturday, along with a midnight sound&nbsp; curfew on Sunday. After that point, smaller stages&nbsp;&nbsp; and venues are allowed to keep operating under&nbsp; strict maximum volume conditions. In fact, to&nbsp;&nbsp; assure compliance, crews from the council patrol&nbsp; locations near the festival with decibel meters&nbsp;&nbsp; until dawn. And the same goes for lighting, which&nbsp; is installed specifically to “minimize the risk of&nbsp;&nbsp; nuisance” onto neighbors. Even the generators&nbsp; for directional lights have decibel caps.&nbsp; Of course, the one thing that just simply has&nbsp; to go in and out are the people. Transporting&nbsp;&nbsp; 200,000 people to the middle of the countryside&nbsp; is, of course, a headache. Naturally, public&nbsp;&nbsp; transportation is most efficient, least intrusive&nbsp; to neighbors, and it’s the method of choice for at&nbsp;&nbsp; least a third of attendees. That includes nearly&nbsp; 30,000 who take the Great Western Railway, which&nbsp;&nbsp; adds more than a dozen extra trains from London&nbsp; Paddington to the Castle Cary stop per day to meet&nbsp;&nbsp; demand. That stop, however, is not at the farm and&nbsp; from Castle Cary Railway Station—a tiny two-track&nbsp;&nbsp; stop with little infrastructure—officials help to&nbsp; guide the thousands of people onto shuttle buses&nbsp;&nbsp; which take them to the farm. Riders can only bring&nbsp; what they can carry—there are no trolley carts&nbsp;&nbsp; for luggage and large items like instruments just&nbsp; aren’t allowed. Buses carry another 20,000 people,&nbsp;&nbsp; who arrive in a cascade of times over the start&nbsp; of the festival and are dropped off at a dedicated&nbsp;&nbsp; entrance, close to the action, for coaches.&nbsp; And then, of course, there is everyone who drives,&nbsp;&nbsp; with 28,000 public cars, 5,000 campervans, and&nbsp; another 12,500 vehicles for employees. Traffic&nbsp;&nbsp; management starts nearly 30 miles or 50 kilometers&nbsp; away from the farm. First, there are 35 miles or&nbsp;&nbsp; 56 kilometers of designated clearways, where&nbsp; cars are not allowed to stop or pull over. Then&nbsp;&nbsp; there are more than 350 miles or 560 kilometers of&nbsp; diversionary routes, forced one-ways, and dozens&nbsp;&nbsp; of closed exits all designed to keep traffic&nbsp; moving and reduce impact on local neighborhoods.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here, roads are closed along Lottisham Road,&nbsp; A37, and A361 to keep cars concentrated on&nbsp;&nbsp; thoroughfares instead of traversing through&nbsp; farm lands and disrupting rural life. &nbsp;&nbsp; Residents, themselves, are given vehicle passes&nbsp; to make sure they can still move around between&nbsp;&nbsp; villages unimpeded. In fact, they’re given a lot&nbsp; of things. Residents of Pilton, the community most&nbsp;&nbsp; impacted, receive complimentary tickets to the&nbsp; festival and the surrounding neighborhoods get&nbsp;&nbsp; a number of price-tiered tickets along with&nbsp; a designated place to park at the festival.&nbsp;&nbsp; Officials also set up a 24-hour hotline for noise&nbsp; and light complaints. And, in the fall, organizers&nbsp;&nbsp; throw a Pilton Party—essentially a mini music&nbsp; festival—as a thank you to the villagers, workers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and local people. These efforts to work with the&nbsp; community instead of against it have worked. For&nbsp;&nbsp; 55 years, the festival has returned, continually&nbsp; growing in both numbers, stature, and scope.&nbsp;&nbsp; Music festivals are incredibly complex exercises,&nbsp; and they’re incredibly risky businesses,&nbsp;&nbsp; but there’s a reason why organizers&nbsp; go through all the effort and risk.&nbsp;&nbsp; Done right, they’re also incredibly successful&nbsp; businesses. They’re massively popular among fans,&nbsp;&nbsp; and also among artists. In fact, they’re some of&nbsp; the most attractive gigs out there—for headliners,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pay is massive; for emerging artists, the&nbsp; crowds are massive. And ultimately this makes&nbsp;&nbsp; sense. For a festival to build a 200,000&nbsp; person city on some empty cow pasture,&nbsp;&nbsp; there must be a very good reason why.&nbsp; So let’s say that now that you’ve learned&nbsp;&nbsp; about the logistics of music festivals you want&nbsp; to learn about the logistics of ski resorts or&nbsp;&nbsp; search and rescue or commercial fishing or the&nbsp; Hajj or coal mining or arms manufacturing. Well&nbsp;&nbsp; boy do I have news for you. We made a whole&nbsp; series called the Logistics of X that dives&nbsp;&nbsp; into those exact subjects. That’s one of almost&nbsp; a dozen different Nebula Originals produced by&nbsp;&nbsp; the Wendover team—we’ve also made a documentary&nbsp; about what happens when you're a tiny Alaskan&nbsp;&nbsp; town almost entirely dependent on cruise ship&nbsp; tourism and then COVID stops that entire industry.&nbsp;&nbsp; We made a documentary about the political&nbsp; kerfuffles that led to most of the western&nbsp;&nbsp; half of the US relying on the Colorado River&nbsp; to deliver them more fresh water than the river&nbsp;&nbsp; actually does—the consequences are bad, by the&nbsp; way. We made a documentary about what happens when&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re a tiny British territory in the middle of&nbsp; the South Atlantic who was only ever connected to&nbsp;&nbsp; the world by a week-long ferry but now you open&nbsp; an airport in 2016 and your entire way of life&nbsp;&nbsp; changes. And we’ve made even more than just that,&nbsp; but it’s worth knowing that it’s not just us:&nbsp;&nbsp; there are hundreds of creators on Nebula.&nbsp; Everyone uploads their regular videos there&nbsp;&nbsp; ad and sponsorship free, and plenty go on to&nbsp; make other great Nebula Originals. I think&nbsp;&nbsp; Wendover viewers would particularly enjoy 17&nbsp; Pages, which is a documentary by Bobby Broccoli&nbsp;&nbsp; about one of the biggest scientific controversies&nbsp; of the 20th century. It’s really well-made and,&nbsp;&nbsp; frankly, mindblowing. If you value high-quality,&nbsp; thoughtful, independent entertainment, then Nebula&nbsp;&nbsp; is the place to be. And in my opinion, what really&nbsp; seals the deal is that it’s quite affordable—when&nbsp;&nbsp; you use our link, Nebula.tv/Wendover—you’ll get&nbsp; more than 40% off an annual plan which brings&nbsp;&nbsp; the cost down to just $36 a year. That’s not per&nbsp; month, that’s per year. So this is far less than&nbsp;&nbsp; really any other streaming service or YouTube&nbsp; Premium, and signing up even helps support the&nbsp;&nbsp; channel. We don’t operate a Patreon because we&nbsp; put all of our efforts into Nebula, so once again,&nbsp;&nbsp; head over to Nebula.tv/Wenodver&nbsp; to sign up, and thanks if you do!&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @doktorbundy7279 [1 likes]: I always asked myself, how they did it to create a city for all the 80k party people in Defqon. Insane...but Glastonbury is 200k and Tomorrowland is also massive.
  2. @leestons: Mudfest
  3. @Leuze1: Bro calls video the logistics of Festivals but spends 98% only about glastonbarry
  4. @lofiambition: Thought it was Seattle when I was the thumbnail.
  5. @anon123-w7e: The world famous vegan festival hosted on a dairy farm and WE LOVE IT!!!! WE LOVE GLASTO!!!!:face-green-smiling:
  6. @haydnj1202: Unrelenting rain? Glastonbury is dry almost every year. Central, southern and eastern England is pretty dry in general. Less rain in London than Paris. It’s wales, the north west Scotland and Ireland that get the rain
  7. @bubbajordvlogs1297: On the fenc is stewerds with radios so no one is getting over the fence with out being stoped
  8. @PurtTheHurt: 9:38 why are all these tents AI?
  9. @TheRealJuannn: lol that’s it?
  10. @FLmetalhead: I don’t like that they started doing Rockville in North Florida because now all the bands that I’d want to see on their own tour during the summer just play Rockville. And I don’t wanna pay hundreds of dollars and have to stand around for 12 hours just to see a couple bands I like. I’d much rather them come on their own tour with just a few bands and it only takes a couple hours.
  11. @danhamilton1147: Hahaha! I made it as far as the justification of the fence. Meanwhile the common sentiment is that boarders are racist. The west is a joke
  12. @o7_Xander: Glastonbury,  is now owned by Festival Republic, they sold it in 2020.. Live nation takes another one...
  13. @DJSleezy96: It's honestly crazy that a festival on this scale is so organized and can continue on with such incliment weather. Most U.S. festivals would probably cancel, and take advantage of inaurance claims, rather than try and put on a good showing
  14. @CamonaTempest: Your ability to simplify concepts is remarkable, much appreciated
  15. @shreyas4085: Oddly Glastonbury is mentioned in an English gcse specimen extract moreover my English teacher’s husband does the lighting for the stage apparently so I’m rewatching this amazing masterpiece of a video.
  16. @johawnn: shout out to the farmer
  17. @TheAmerz1: Too bad this wasn't out BEFORE  Fyre festival,  lol.
  18. @JChaos1120: On-site meteorologist is wild. How bad is your weather, England?
  19. @JonathanBravo-b5u: Never knew festivals were so complex! Great breakdown! 🎶🎉
  20. @malebomalatji15: I enjoyed this video, thank you.

- Saba’s THE BACK HOME TOUR LIVE IN AUSTIN, TX: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] [Music] it's a one-way street though it's a round trip but we fly number one way wrong way new crib by the seaside on the one way street low it's the main way to um yeah and scared money never paid money what i was told once you made money you'd be more afraid in the shop my grandfather drove a call of a convertible cop he passed away and left his will to the fate of the stars i made it cool i was scared to take a breath take it back me i'm guilty i know once i wanna kill me they don't know me but they kill me 15 years old with this dick they don't blame it on them make some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] noises to the crowd literally listening now austin texas now i keep it sacred geometry i'm on my circle i'm training for mayhem but y'all know i'm gonna triangle cause i saw silly [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] been changing but feeling my squad like a plane and be careful they aren't in their ankles not me some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's barreling that one is in boxing but can't contain this oh my god i'm trying to move better what's this album's confessions of a man moving queen why did he regret it let's go rambling about kendrick but she had everything on me everything i was listening i even gave her my taste and hope she would try to listen the kind of fun wouldn't get hard not to fall in your feelings but she talking about friendship a similar community on the same side of town at her school close to my campus when i get off the bus it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it i'm bout to go down there i've always struggled to converse if it wasn't the verse so still anxiety it got me stumbling on words but i always speak my mind and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] when i'm with her austin i want to see your hands like this i'm going to start to deport i got oh don't freeze okay i sleep on my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they tell me to drop i don't see the reason my muscles my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like a teeth together we getting mysterious the bottom is weight the other the top of these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ain't seen it stop that please you more concerned with others earn that says a lot i turned a million down a million times the game is changing i do the best that i can to attain it if we got a gamble i bet on myself i'll let others get dangerous i just made a way for myself [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i would imagine what they call a manifestation a man would get taken away we wasn't planning vacation like internet was lacking is texas makes a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] night

  Top Comments:
  1. @dtraingang5973 [3 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥

- Saba Khan: What can parents do to encourage healthy food choices?: Kind: captions Language: en SABA KAHN: Reassuring the parent that what they can control, or our nutritionist said, and I think you had brought this up especially with some of the points that Sadaf made as well about the stigma, and with the fact that Bill said that the most folks who are bringing the most stigma sometimes into the room are the health care providers, is kind of having that conversation. First of all about- talking to them about health behaviors as we said, but also talking to them about what it is they can kind of control and talking about what they can provide as opposed to what they are going to deprive. So what a parent can control our nutritionists always talk about in our weight management program is a parent can control what food is served, when the food is served, and how the food is served. But what they really are looking for is asking the children to decide how much, and whether or not they eat it. And the way you can promote helpfulness is promoting changes in food choices and doing, as Steve has said, as a family. To take on for the month of March, we're going to try a new green vegetable at dinner today and at dinner every day and, we can choose who's going to choose that vegetable, but everyone has to at least have one. I always talk about no thank you bite. So even if they don't want another one, they all have to have that bite and they all have to allow it to be on their plate. So small changes like that. And I think-- also I think it's very important, especially with the pandemic parents have been much more open to this, for them to become much more vulnerable to the changes they can make too. And how, again as a family, we can start to make a deal to, along with doing a movie night once a month, once a week, we're going to start to try an activity together. Start to try a gardening activity together. So there's lots of things in that using that same pandemic we're in this together. There is a lot that families can kind of start to center, their own kind of healthful journey.

- Effects of Nutrition on Holistic Well-Being | Dr. Nooreen Saba | Lecture in English: Kind: captions Language: en and then everyone is my voice Audible okay magic the child box is my voice Audible yes um I think we'll start uh in five minutes inshallah thank you foreign [Music] so today we do have our lecture I hope my voice is Audible uh sister can you please confirm or brother Nasir please can you confirm um so inshallah we'll start so today uh we do have a lecture with Dr Noreen Sabha and the topic is effects of nutrition on holistic well-being and Islamic perspectives so today's agenda will be starting with the uh Surah Fatiha and uh welcome everyone and the guidelines and then we would like to uh share a certificate of appreciation acknowledging to the work of Dr nurin Sabah and then we'll have the lecture and then we'll have a q a session and then we'll close with the evaluation forms that we'll be giving to all the participants through the link so that we know and we get better inshallah and then we'll close by the Dua so um before we start exactly I would just start with surface I mean so the zoom etiquettes are that all the participants are requested to keep themselves on mute while not speaking and we request you for not recording or taking screenshots because definitely the slides and the recording will be shared onto you all inshallah and please do ask your questions in chat and for Life transcriptions please press more and then you can find it over there and inshallah so the mission statement is isip is an inclusive space designed to connect people with diverse backgrounds interested in Islamic psychology aims to disseminate knowledge share resources and discuss best practices in free and accessible manner so it is also a platform to enable further development of people's personal and professional interests studies and understanding of Islamic psychology within their communities uh ways to continue to participate with us is to subscribe to isip YouTube channel Join one of the Islamic psychology Indian group and India also has two groups and it has isip Kerala groups and then we also have lectures in Malayalam we also have sisters book club which is which is run which is right now currently at post which uh was we were discussing about the two books about just on sustainance of Soul uh which is by Abu says and then we were also discussing the book uh contemplation by Malik and then we also have lectures that will be continually doing for uh Indian chapter um for isip Kashmir in the next month so um well coming to uh today's lecture Dr Lauren Sabha so we are actually really great uh glad to have entrepreneurs about with us she's a graduate and unani Medicine certified in Islamic psychology and counseling from United Kingdom she's a counselor and a social worker director of rahma foundation which is an organization in India for Muslim women mental health she's also been a former task force facilitator for I for isip India and she is now a member of advisory panel India so um this is a certificate of appreciation we would like to present to Dr Noreen Sabha and as always it was amazing to work with Dr Noreen Sabha in task force India and now she is the panel member alhamdulillah and today we are doing a lecture with her so she's also been doing at her place uh in Mumbai all the participants will now have a lecture by Dr Norine you're Audible okay is doing well and I see a many many participants from different countries and my IC colleagues alhamdulillah and we have gathered here for uh putting little efforts in normalizing the field of Islam the vast field of Islam and a small part of it that is Islamic psychology and uh Islamic psychology is not complete without talking about the physical aspects of it as you all know and I see you many of you are from a psychology field um but I am not from psychology field so basically I'm a United medicine graduate I have done uh my graduation in and since then I was practicing uh like I was practicing medicine I was practicing in my clinical uh setup so we normally practice the modern medicine but with it we also have some aspects of humanity medicine as well then I did which is a Islamic psychology and counseling so basically I am a jack of all and master of none so please forgive me for my mistakes and shortcomings uh and I know there are many many great uh Scholars and um you know uh students from um all over the all over the world and I hope to make a small difference in a community of a psychologists and counselors by talking about the physical aspects and Islamic aspects of health and nutrition so um let me share uh my slides please I hope this is visible so what we will discuss here is what is health anyway what is health and what is holistic health according to Islam uh some of the nutrition aspects nutritional aspects um what are our body needs so basically we will talk about the very basic concepts of physical Health uh because this is something which is ignored in many ways in our community then uh we will talk about the holistic health rules in Islam then we will have some cyber spiritual aspects of uh nutrition on our body so may we begin now so dear participants their colleagues respected Scholars uh what is health according to who which is World Health Organization it defines the health is not merely the absence of disease but a state of total well-being of an individual physical mental and social so when we talk about health health is already about being talking as a whole right physical mental and social and uh when we talk about holistic health it is already already appeared that we are talking about uh human health as a whole what is holistic health holistic health is about caring for the whole person providing physical mental and social needs it is rooted in understanding that all these Arts aspects affect your overall health and being unwell in any aspect if you are unwell in mental aspect or you are unwell in other aspects you can be affected boldly so your whole Health can be accepted by and also Islam has a also Islam has given important to health what is health about uh according to Islam health is an important aspect according to it it's the second greatest blessing given to the Muslim as the prophet Muhammad sallallahu alaihi wasallam said second to Faith No has ever given a greatest blessing than hell so alhamdulillah the religion we follow has given importance to health after faith so uh being Muslims we have to give that importance to our health our own health then again uh health of our community members so that we can Thrive more we can do more and we can become best of ourselves also Islam takes holistic approach in every aspect so as in health physical mental and spiritual health cannot be isolated in Islam as you all know my respective colleagues because there are many more guidelines available in Quran and hadees as well as Sunnah for example there is hadees about quarantine which we have recently known we all have gone through that but this quarantine concept was there 14 1400 years ago the concept of hygiene making will do five times a day you know uh having a bath uh every Friday cutting your nails the all the tizing aspects of the Sunnah and um hadees ahadis is there 1400 years prior to what we are seeing it right now then um is Prophet uh Muhammad said that doing treatment of a disease is very essential according to that this when we talk about our overall health there are many aspects um about many aspects of you know your body needs that has to be fulfilled so what is your basic body needs you know Urban Allah has sent us in this world for for um as a as a test Allah has given us body needs so um our basic body needs are these uh food water air sleep and movement so these are most important aspects in our physical fitness or physical uh aspects most important is nutrition so we will say here what is nutrition nutrition is the critical part of our Better Health stronger immune systems lower risk of non-communicable disease such as cardiovascular disease because what we eat has effects on our body right also there is a misconception that disease should be treated by medicines only but changing the nutrition and lifestyle can save many of our problems because of our lifestyles we are facing many many issues like you know diabetes uh thyroid pcond even cancer cardiovascular disease all the autoimmune diseases all the uh they are called lifestyle diseases lifestyle diseases because they are they have um their uh presence because of uh Lifestyle Changes what we have faced in you know um maybe 30 40 years from now when uh nutrition is um essential part of our existence why don't we talk about nutrition why don't we talk about uh nutritional guidance which Islam has given us uh what we get in our uh literatures so uh don't you think that it's very essential to talk about these aspects as well so uh what is nutrition nutrition is basically a food what we consume right what is uh food we consume it for energy and food is um some biochemical messages which we give to our body it creates energy and we give our body a biochemical messages so that our body should work according to that in our food there are basic components one is macronutrients and other is micronutrients so what what is macronutrients which are the high quantity and high uh they are very essential uh they can be taken in high quantities and they have the bigger roles in our body that's why they are called micro macronutrients micronutrients are carbohydrates protein fats and fiber is also essential but it's not called macronutrient but it's it's essential as well and what are micro nutrients micronutrients are different types of vitamins and minerals like calcium magnesium and zinc and all other other micro uh you know nutrients and vitamins and minerals oh so uh when we talk about food and daily need of um food what are the daily needs of uh the micro and micro nutrients so we need a daily uh dosage of carbohydrates approximately 130 grams daily we need uh 46 grams of protein daily we need healthy fats approximately 55 grams daily and uh other micronutrients has you know negligible amount but it is essential as but uh what are our daily habits of taking Foods what the daily take as a meal as a whole meal you have been noticing that we are taking more carbohydrates we are taking less proteins after you know being health conscious we are also taking less fat so what we understand is being healthy should be um no fat or no um healthy fats should be there but uh modern research in nutrition shows that we need low carbohydrates in our diet fiber rich foods healthy fats and high protein should be consumed guys why in a few minutes I I want to go through very simple uh you know a mechanism of food and its metabolism here so you will be understanding why I am telling this and why uh modern research have shown this that counting calories doesn't work anymore what we do we we count the calories and we don't count nutrients what we eat go through a metabolism which is the processing of our food metabolism is basically one making energy from our food second repair and build they repair and build uh the basic cell structure any wear and tear in our body and um take out the waste material from our bodies called metabolism metabolism is chemical reaction in our body cells that change the food into energy now um when we take the food what happens the digestion starts from over tongue all the saliva comes in mouth and you know mixed with our food we chew it and being girlfriend then is go it goes in our stomach so process starts from here uh in fact process starts from you know seeing the food having the side of a food uh the process Starts Here body gets um ready for intake of you know energy and food they prepare themselves the soldiers in our body we uh when we take High carbohydrates in our food it makes our um you know blood high glycemic load our blood gets high glycemic load so let me clear this sorry carbohydrates break down into glucose fats breakdowns into fatty acids and proteins breakdowns into amino acids so uh fatty acids and amino acids are very essential for repairing our uh damages wear and tear of the Body for growth for normal functioning of you know our body the hormones are made up of proteins and fats but carbohydrate has no such you know need in our body a high need in our body carbohydrates is merely an energy that's all but when we take High carbohydrates hydrates in our diet which is not very essential we avoid fat High healthy fats and proteins what happens uh we get high glycemic load which is high blood sugar in our bloodstream and because we have high blood sugar levels our body initiates the making of insulin insulin making happens in the pancreas the beta cells of pancreas pancreas um becomes very functional highly functional and they produce High insulin levels then we uh we keep taking you know uh carbohydrates um food in our day-to-day life we um keep taking that uh I mean I mean names a few things here which is you know commonly used in our day-to-day life like uh Roti rice you know wheat flour Bakery items all this junk food um chips and packaged food this all are carbohydrates all all are carbohydrates which we do not need in but we keep taking are we supposed to keep moving our slides because a slide seems to be stuck uh okay again it went back to the previous one uh no uh I will go back to that slide um after I will explain the metabolism all right all right so again going back to the previous one is no no this is another slide yeah let me get back to it after yeah all right right now we are in slight disease yes subhanallah it actually went back again to the previous no this has to be this slide only all right all right I'm so sorry so what we do we keep taking those carbohydrates high level of uh um you know High load of glass glucose in our blood stream and this goes on and on in our whole life this is going uh you know every back and forth we are taking high glycemic load food so what happens when we keep taking High uh carbohydrates um sorry uh I will talk doctor what happens we get insulin resistance why because beta cells of pancreas get tired tired of uh you know making insulin for you as soon as beta cells you know lower their functioning we get high amount of glucose in our blood and what is that can anyone tell me in the chat box what is the high amount of glucose and what is the other name of that diabetes mellitus yes mashallah so what we get we get diabetes the type 2 diabetes so I hope I am clear on this topic so why diabetes we suffer from diabetes we suffer from diabetes because of low functioning of pancreas and beta cells of pancreas also what is the role of insulin so basically insulin uh has the role of you know taking out the energy from the glucose when uh glucose in our bloodstream insulin uh takes it and if transport it sits into the liver and liver makes it into the energy what we need but high amount of sugar in your blood can be harmful for your liver also because that is not much needed in our body so high amounts of carb means body processing only carbs right and making and what happens when you eat high carb when body senses that there are high carbohydrates there are there is high glycemic load in your blood then it takes it and makes it a fact so basically fats are what fat salt storage of Energies okay so they take um glucose from your blood and make a fat molecule and store it in your body so where it's been stored it is stored in your liver a small amount of of that and and then our muscles and then adipose cells so what happened when you eat high amount of carbohydrates It ultimately um becomes the fat and what we don't understand that have you ever thought about you know you are eating carbohydrates and if you are becoming fat and fatter day by day that's why because glucose is taken by um insulin and stored in your body cells so uh liver muscles and adipose cells and what are adiposals there are just uh you know cluster of fats which can be stored in your body anywhere like there are two types of adiposis uh past is stored in your viscera viscera that is uh the empty spaces of your organs visceral space which is called and then subcutaneous under your skin I hope I'm making sense I I have tried to use very simple language here so again we talked about you know um bad aspects of carbohydrates one is one most diabetes and then here obesity we are getting obvious because of higher amount of carbohydrates in our diets then when this happens you eat you know high carb high carb food high carb food and your body needs are not met there are no uh no or less fatty acids there are less amino acids in your diet what body does is body goes in survival mode which is very harmful for us body thinks that there are carbohydrates coming energy coming and it's just metabolize those uh carbs and makes it into fats and our whole body becomes the machine of storing the fat and what is the main function of our body to make energy to repair and build and to us excrete the waste material but instead of that what our body does our body lessens all the building and repairing mechanisms it goes into survival mode and it just makes uh it just store the body fat the main function is to store your high amount of so because of this survival mode what happens in our body there are less absorption of nutritions in our cell level there are low micro nutrition in our you know diets so there is lack of absorption of macronutrient because micronutrients are very important to absorb to make energy to rebuild your cells which are broken down and we when you don't have much uh or essential micronutrients your macronutrients will not be absorbed in your body and because it is not absorbed there will be high amount of metabolic waste in your body which are called free radicals it will increase the inflammation inside your cells uh the inflammation will not heal uh early and then you will not have much amount of energy for doing your day-to-day life you will feel 40 uh you will you become obese you are eating you are you know eating properly but you become fat and you you feel low in energy so all this is happening because of what because of your body going into survival mode your high insulin levels your high glucose levels in your body and your low consumptions of Essentials in your body so basically what you have to eat you are not eating and what you don't what want you are eating in high amount different aspects of our life also uh affects because we have sedentary life we move very less so less consumption of energy is there then again if we consume less energy then that energy will stored it as far down so that fats stored in liver will make your liver fatty so it is a disease called fatty liver cirrhosis of liver may be you can become diabetic you can become fat obese it may be you know hyperinsulinemia it may be insulin resistance which is uh a point when your beta cell stops working completely stop working because they have their limits then high cholesterol autoimmune diseases even cancer is basically a high amount of free radicals in your body and impaired functions of your body so when we talk about you know these diseases we have to understand what is disease discipline by definition disease is a particular abnormal condition that negatively affect the structure of all function that is not due to any external injury so now you got me now you know what is the definition of disease you know disease is already that is not from outside that is from our inside and what we tell we think what what we want we should eat you know we should have a sedentary lifestyle uh no nothing we don't want to do anything for our physical health and from you know protecting our self from disease after food Revolution we started having junk food we actually we have started having you know lot of foods which was not there uh you know a few decades ago people were not very having a very luxurious life of having so much food to eat also due to our lifestyle our hormones are changing changing because of uh that survival mode which we are not providing the essentials to our body and we are overeating the um then food industry has evolved so much there are packaged Foods there are you know chips and um pizza and bugs and whatnot also there is a new emergence of gem industry which they offer you you know protein shakes and other types of medicine to get Slim then there is a aspect of Pharma industry you know these all are industry they only want from you is money and they don't bother about your health actually and this is very sad that we rely on all these industry Industries and we rely on information from these communities which we have not to we should not do rely on these information I think I have you know explained it uh slightly uh well I think you all have got my point that uh what are our body needs and what we are giving to our body is not the same so uh coming to now a holistic health rules in Islam so first of all I would like to drive your attention to uh the fact that when Allah tells us that I have completed your being this makes uh no sense when we don't go to these you know details of science and well the every aspect of the physical health and all but when we see through all these new researches coming and when they talk about all these things I always go back to that uh particular Ayah where Allah tells us that I have completed your theme so subhanallah Allah has given us the complete Deen and the dean is complete in every aspect but we don't recognize we don't uh you know we underestimate our Deen in in health aspects what are the guidelines from Islam what are the rulings what are the Sunnah from our beloved prophet sallallahu alaihi wasallam is what uh the new researchers are telling us to apply in our lifestyle so all the things goes back to Islam amazingly subhanallah this is so amazing when I see a modern research and I then I go back to you know uh the aspects of um the rulings um you know the way of um eating halal so what we get from Sunnah and Quran and uh they've been ugly so first aspect is quantity told us to have one third of your uh one third of in all the space for your food one-third is for food one-third is for water and one that is for air when when he said to uh you know only eat only when you are hungry when there are guidelines for you know achieving your food properly achieving your food 32 times so achieving your food makes um mixes the saliva in the in the food and it makes it alkaline it makes it easy to digest quality wise what we see in the Sunnah Foods there are very low carb foods high protein and also there is guidelines about what is permissible for you that's totally scientific I have uh I have seen reports on Halal me that they say halal meat is the most uh the best meat ever what you can consume for Islam alhamdulillah that Allah has given us this without even asking and there are the non-permissible food that is Haram and there are also a research available on uh what the bad aspects of the these you know uh you know poke and other alcohol and other things there are Sunnah Foods that are basically superfoods and what are super food superfoods are uh low in carbohydrates and high in micronutrients that's called super food so maybe a date date is one of the superfoods that has you know every micronutrients to magnesium the zinc and all and then there is figs black seeds then uh roasted meat not fried non-non fried foods then olive oil olive oil is is um high in Omega-3 high in uh you know healthy fats what we call black seed milk pomegranate vinegar barley grapes mushroom cucumber honey these all are super Foods which should be included in our diet and we um ignore it very easily then uh there are guidelines about sleep sleeping early according to Islam it's something we all have to follow even me um I have called or already that shaving your food also essential uh how to have water have water slowly and what it does it does make mixes the saliva in the water and makes the water alkaline and this have healthy effects on our body then intermittent fasting intermittent fasting is something that modern researchers have shown the best results for you know um controlling managing the weight and what happens in intermittent fasting when we stop eating for the long period of time and we need energy so our body makes energy from those stored fat cells so we need energy and body recognize that there is no food and uh I need energy so a mechanism ignis that makes the fats into energy and thus the the whole uh the bad fats which are stored in our body it makes the use of those fats and we uh you know get rid of that fat the bad fat so mashallah intermittent fasting and there are three uh rules three way of you know ways of fasting um one is the uh five two rules that is the Sunnah fasting in our Islam uh fasting for two days a week five days you consume normal food and then you pass for two days and there is a 16 maybe 16 8 rule or something so this is also our fasting of Ramadan when we fast for whole day maybe 15 hours 16 hours we pass and we consume food for um I mean less than eight hours we consumed the food and water and you may you all may be knowing uh these you know uh in intermittent fasting thing is very in right now very fashion fashionable uh statement to say that I am doing intermittent fasting then again movements are very essential for our body you all know Namaz Salah is the light exercise which is of mandatory in our religion five times a day and that is essential because Allah Knows Best the needs of our body and we if we don't move we go into a survival mode our body you know goes into producing so much of metabolic waste that we become ill because of that waste and then we are talking about holistic we cannot ignore the psycho spiritual aspects of our body so also uh psycho spiritual aspects in Islam and because our body is feeling ill failing ill our body is in survival mode then effects of that survival mode or effects of that disease or crisis Maybe this can be effect affected affect our brain also and it can affect our biochemistry of brain biochemicals of your you know our brain neurons there are a lot of things happening in our brain so the um which our body is giving to its uh itself that also effect by affected by the disease so we have to maintain that physical health in order to achieve our psycho spiritual health and according to Islam apart from uh you know healthy eating and sleep patterns and fasting and water and movements apart from that there are more psycho spiritual aspects in Islam first is meditation you all know as the psychology students or Scholars that how much importance modern research are giving to meditation they are now understanding the importance of meditation positivity you know working on your inner self so what are those aspects meditation is murakaba contemplation doing you know the double in yourself being positive having good having good uh Allah that is only positivity The Law of Attraction when you think positive when you have a good thinking positive thinking then positive things will happen with you then manifestation what is manifestation manifestation is you write something in your diary that I will have this these things in my life and those things will eventually you know uh come to you but in Islam there is concept of concept of Dua you need something you make Dua and then you have that tawakul that you are keen on Allah that Allah will eventually give me that that my need will be fulfilled so I I find it very close to Dua concept but uh they talk about you know talking to universe and universe is working for you but in Islam we have someone to to ask we have Allah to ask our our needs then um working on your inner self and there is taskia in Islam leaving the you know bad habits taking care of your inner self improvement uh of you uh you know on day-to-day basis you try to improve yourself improve your ibada improve your thinking uh what is in your heart is important so these sort of psycho spiritual aspects in Islam what I have tried to convey here that Islam is a complete Deen Islam has this physical uh spiritual and mental guidelines for us to follow and physical aspect is also very important to achieve the that mental uh peace and happiness so we have to give important to that that aspects also as I know many of us are counselors psychotherapists and psychologists this is my uh humble request to all of you that please uh try to spread this knowledge try to you know educate others about physical aspects of physical you know needs and aspects of nutrition and effects of effects of nutrition on medical health and that's all from my my side is that was amazing so now we will ask the participants to bring few questions or share the reflections regarding the Islamic perspective of holistic well-being also we do have certain questions which we received through Google forms so here's a question that I would write to like to read it how to encourage children as well as Elders for healthy eating because that's actually a very good question because we see children they don't want to eat uh good food they don't want to eat they don't find it that tasty um than that of junk food or something like that so how do we encourage them this is something like a question of psychological question Maybe so basically you need to start eating healthy food to encourage your children for healthy eating and this is not the case that healthy food should be Bland or you know boring you can make healthy food uh very tempting also for your kids and for yourself ALS because we do nobody of us can you know have that boring and bland diet in day to day life maybe that's one thing to do that what we do is followed by our dreams so we start eating healthy we start making healthy and tasty Foods so our kids will follow as well inshallah yeah I think also to follow that we do have a lot of recipes with good food as well yes so that's a better way to uh let children eat uh take food with the food of you know Alexa foods and all those so we do have another question which says what are the best nutrients to start the day with which sets the day for a happier State of Mind as you mentioned I think these are the Super Foods she's talking about so I think according to uh Sunnah the best food is talbina I think so start your day with because uh that has you know barley milk and dates or honey questions please tell us more about I I didn't get that what do you want to know more about intermittent fasting I think she asks how it benefits if I'm not wrong so uh I already talked about you know benefits of intermittent fasting uh because we are taking high amount of carbohydrates in our day-to-day life and carbohydrates are ultimately um you know being made to fats and that fat are stored in our body that makes us obese that makes our liver fatty so when we do intermittent fasting uh what it does to our body first of all it cuts down the intake of carbohydrates first of all um when our body sees that there is no intake of energy or food there is no food to digest it's like we can say it locked down what we have you know seen in a recent times so uh it locks your uh the factory of your body and it repairs itself because there is the need of energy also to digest food and when we you know don't stop having food you know every now and then what our body does is it focuses completely on digesting that rather rather than repairing your you know already broken uh tissues and cells so that that is very essential to have that you know gap between means so that your body has the time and energy to consume and uh rebuild your body and tissues so what uh International fasting is basically that thing only that your body has the time to rebuild itself and also uh because you need energy for repair repairing and you don't you are not getting from outside sources then your body makes it from your fat cells then it takes the fat cells from antipose tissues uh muscles and liver and it makes the energy and water when fat breaks down it makes energy and water with it so when we fast we don't have water also but the need is already fulfilled by our stored fats in our body so I hope this answer the question yes it does also uh the suhur that the Sunnah that we have um that's something that really helps when we do fasting so we do have a question uh from Sister Susana uh she says Salon doctor I have tried to reduce my cargo intake but I realized I started snacking how is this started snacking yeah so you feel more hungry after cutting down your so you have to have a good amount of protein in your diets so that you don't you know carve for energy you don't you know feel hungry because proteins and fat takes more time to digest than glucose so glucose digestion is very simple it's just have to you know because we are taking pure forms of sugar also in our diets so sugar don't need to to be digested what we have consumed is you know taken by body and instantly it makes it it breaks it and do a you know metabolism of that sugar and makes it the fats fatty acid fat cells when you cut down the carbohydrate you have to um replace it with the protein good amount of protein and healthy fats which are high in Omega-3 so you will not feel hungry you will not carve you will not snack on other times so for what we basically think that cutting down our food is you know something we should do but we do not focus on what we should take instead of junk food or unhealthy food so this is also uh the important aspect that we should replace the unhealthy food with the healthy food it is not about you know cutting down your food intake it's about taking good amount of food but healthy so we do have another question that it says how does one uh eats affects his behavior and attitude maybe he asks how does the um intake of food affect someone's behavior and attitude someone's Behavior intake of food yeah okay so um it's I think it's holistic uh in nature so it's normal it's a saying that what we what we eat what are what we are what we eat it's not about you know effecting on Behavior it's about effecting on your body as a whole it's true I think because of course if you eat junk food uh how consciously you will be able to think and definitely that way yeah thinking that will affect your the way you think in every every other thing we have questions how can we deeply relate yunani's system into psychology I think this is the thing that we were discussing out of the day yes we will be needing the another session for this yunani is actually a vast subject and very complex to understand we have a question from sister farzin she asks who cooked the food Its Behavior affecting the person eating that's why it's important to cook food at home true yes yeah that's true all right so do we have any other question or any other reflection our participants would like to share feel free to come up all right so alhamdulillah I think everything is clear and we're all gonna start with the good nutrition and Sunnah foods and all of it alhamdulillah so may we end it with the Dua and also I request the participants to uh please fill the evaluation form so that we get to know how are we working and what uh else we could improve in our sessions and I truly truly thank Dr Noreen Sabha I personally would love to say uh rather than calling you uh as a doctor because it's always been amazing working with you and now it's like learning from you about this holistic well-being so it's really amazing thank you so much for making your time and joining us we do also have uh uh sisters and participants Thanking us for making your time and giving this amazing insights and how important it is for us to maintain our well-being through the nutrition as well because ultimately this has effects on our uh psychological well-being as well and on emotions as well so everything is so interconnected subhanallah that Allah says that he made this universe with a water and then it's something that DP we need to do uh reflection upon we need to do contemplate upon that Allah says that and so see how the universe is interconnected with each other so this is literally great thank you so much for making your time we also thank all of the participants who made their time and uh to join us to learn from um and to also learn the teachings of Allah and um we would also like to again ask if you have missed two uh fill the form please fill the evaluation form and I would also like to thank the volunteers of isip India who has worked to make this session successful thank you uh dear brother Nasi thank you sister wafa and all of the rest of the teams now we will end with Dua inshallah foreign foreign for us which is written for us Ya Allah forgive us for all of our shortcomings Ya Allah we don't know Ya Allah we are misguided please guide us to the righteous save us Allah make us make us grant us patience help us to follow the teachings of rasulullah we are doing this International students of Islamic psychology for the sake of you Allah for the sake of um whatsoever we have learned from this session help us to implement in our lives for the sake of you Allah help us in everything Ya Allah have all the participants in there in their personal lives in every single thing the students of Islamic psychology to spread the word of you Allah Allah questions

- These People Should Avoid Eating Too Much Meat on Eid! | Stop Overeating Meat on Eid!: Kind: captions Language: en Assalamu Alaikum viewers. I am Doctor Saba. In today's video we will talk in detail about a very important and practical topic. Who should eat less meat on Eid? Viewers, Eid ul Azha is a great blessing. Meat is available in every house. People eat happily. There is a family gathering. Different dishes are prepared and the atmosphere is very good. But from the health point of view, every person's body is not the same. For some people meat is very beneficial and for some people the same meat can create problems. Therefore, today we will understand in simple and human tone who should do quantity control and why. First of all let us understand what meat does in the body. When we eat red meat, it contains protein, iron, fat and essential nutrients that provide energy to the body. Makes muscles strong and removes weakness. But on the other hand, if it is over-consumed, it puts a load on the digestion system. It can increase cholesterol, increase uric acid and create many health problems. Therefore, balance is very important. Now we come to the first category of heart patients. Nazreen, if someone has heart disease like coronary artery disease, high cholesterol or has had a heart attack before, then they should be very careful. Red meat contains saturated fats that can slowly accumulate in blood vessels and increase the risk of blockage. The best advice for such patients is to take grilled, boiled or steamed meat. Avoid fried and oily dishes and portion control is very important. Meaning, do not eat too much quantity at once. People with high blood pressure: If someone has hypertension, they should also be careful on Eid. Because often people eat more spicy, salty and oily food on Eid which causes blood pressure to spike. Dehydration is also an issue for BP patients because salty food retains water in the body which can increase the pressure. Therefore, such people should take simple cooked meat. Excessive spices should be avoided and more water should be drunk. Diabetes patient Nazreen Eid is a challenging time for people with diabetes. Even though meat does not directly increase sugar, heavy fatty meals can disturb insulin resistance and make sugar control difficult in the body. Apart from this, if sweet things and drinks are also taken along with it, then the risk increases further. Diabetic patients should always control portions. Late night heavy eating should be avoided and a balanced diet should be maintained. Kidney patients. Now let's talk about kidney patients. Kidneys filter waste from the body and urea is formed after protein breakdown. If a person eats too much meat, it puts extra load on the kidneys and urea creatinine levels may increase. Therefore, kidney patients should always take meat as per the doctor's advice and the quantity should be kept very limited. Obesity and overweight people: Nowadays many people are facing the problem of weight gain. This problem increases further on Eid because people eat multiple dishes and consume a lot of calories. Red meat is high in both fat and calories. If someone is already overweight, they should maintain strict portion control and engage in physical activity like walking. People with digestive system Some people already have digestion issues. Like gas, acidity, constipation or IBS. Heavy meat can create a lot of problems for such people. Because it takes longer to digest in the stomach and causes heaviness. Such people should take boiled meat. Spices should be kept to a minimum and a light walk should be taken after eating. Small Children and Elderly People Nazarene children and elderly people have a weak digestive system. Therefore, they should always be given soft cooked meat and the quantity should be kept limited. Too much spicy and oily food is not suitable for them. Now a very important point, the biggest mistake that people make on this is that they eat too much food at once. The result is that the stomach gets upset. Vomiting may occur, acidity may increase and the body may feel very heavy. Therefore, the viewers should always remember that Eid does not just mean food but balance and moderation. Now let us understand some more important points which many people ignore. Nazreen, a very common issue is increased acidity and gas after overeating. When we eat too much meat at once, the stomach takes time to digest it and acid production increases, which causes chest burning and discomfort. If this happens, immediately eat light food like curd, rice or soup and give rest to the body. Now let's talk about timing. That on Eid, people keep eating heavy food repeatedly throughout the day, which disturbs the body's natural digestion cycle. The best practice is to eat two to three balanced meals a day and take a light walk in between. Now another important point is hydration. Viewers, many people drink less water on Eid because they are busy eating spicy and oily food. But due to less water, digestion becomes even slower and the problem of constipation may increase. Therefore, proper water intake throughout the day is very important. Now let us talk about kids and family habits. Children should always be given small portions and kept away from fried and spicy meat. Soft cooked meat or light gravy is the best option for them. The same rule applies to elderly people as their digestive system is weak. Now a very important lifestyle tip: If you want to stay healthy after Eid, then do walk for at least 20 to 30 minutes daily. This simple habit improves digestion and controls weight gain. Now let us clear a medical myth also. Many people say that meat should not be eaten at night. But the truth is that the problem is not time. The problem is quantity and method. If you eat lightly cooked meat in limited quantities, it can be safe even at night. Now the final advice is a happy occasion. But it is not right to ignore health. If you eat smart, you will enjoy yourself and also stay safe. Moderation is the key. If you found this video helpful, please subscribe to our channel, like it and press the bell icon. I am Doctor Saba. Allah Hafiz.

- Health Benefits of Mangoes and Its Effectiveness | Dietitian Saba: Kind: captions Language: en I easily have Irish cuisine, first of all, do not forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel, definitely click on the menu and definitely share in the circle and I have a new topic for you in which we will talk about mango, its father, so we will talk about whether you are white, apart from this, why is it said that your complexion is very hot and on this, like I remember meeting you, we will talk about all this, first of all, mango is very nutritious, the anti-oxidants present in it are zinc, ... If we talk about more fuel than boys comedy, then meat is a very good anti-oxidant which I am meeting you, a lot of chemical reactions are happening in our body, you definitely want to know this, then its results are different from all today, if we get it, then it helps in an anti-oxidant and before this, this cream becomes very good and apart from this, if we talk about this, one cup of this cream gives us 100 percent admission, which is the difference in it, which is the result of patience, which is a lot of receiver in the soil, which is a lot of tension, okay, so what you have to do, if there is a lot of difference inside this place, then you must use it to cheer up your mood or it makes your mood very good, then we have a lot of anti-oxidants in it, you can choose it on polyphenols and if we talk about you, then it has anti-cancer properties, it helps in getting pregnant in cancer treatment, how to do treatment, then this method morning All of you are thinking very well, so first of all let's talk about it, it makes you regret in 11 clothes, so children and mothers who are very deficient in iron or due to iron immunization should definitely use it, and apart from this potassium is very good, D'Souza cracker hot and it also reduces some of our play store levels, and if you are interested in frontline training then it is very good for you, but you should not do anything else, you can use it for a maximum of half a cup for Rs. 50, if we talk about it, it connects us to my food, it converts all the carbohydrates of simple pudding into treacle, due to which when the turn of simple carbohydrates changes, now that egg is Muslim, you can go to the body and click on it, so it also migrates into MP3, apart from this it has water content and favorite internship, a man who shares their education, potassium reduces the side effects of that, here Reddy and It arrests in cottage, that is, it increases the labels of the good source, you have 26 and it is also very good for and if we talk about one cup of mango, it adds hard ₹70 if we remove the discarded grass and put it in it but if we are following a proper diet then we need that much water to remove the darkness, if we are giving the entries there then we need water in that darkness to remove the entry score, the app store says that your picture is there and everyone in the world should do the same but in our medical there is no such thing, any thing is cold or hot but the picture is only 113 cigarettes, so you need to control it, first of all you have seen the old mango, you use it, when you are sitting there then you never get control of it, you must control it and Vishnu Kushwaha if you control it then you will not have to face any problem, that free video will prove to be very useful for you and do not forget to subscribe to my channel, Wale Spice please

  Top Comments:
  1. @UmarFarooq-dh9kz [3 likes]: If the mood of the servant is not good even after eating mango, then what should be done?
  2. @fatmashehbaz9900 [1 likes]: Huge well done ✅
  3. @mustafa-mahesar [1 likes]: Informative👍🏻
  4. @UmarFarooq-dh9kz [1 likes]: The information is very good. 
Tell me how many varieties of mangoes there are.
  5. @MaryamKhan-mw7ro [1 likes]: 🫶👍👍

- Impact Club Ep 7: Ifraah Kulsum Khan: Taking Action for Nutrition: Kind: captions Language: en hi and welcome to another episode of impact clubs the insider perspective series may peace be upon you i'm your host sabah fatham in this series of episodes we are going to learn with experts and professionals from various fields our focus in this episode is nutrition and health i'm excited to delve deep into this important subject with a dear friend our guest today is ifra kulsum khan she is a qualified clinical nutritionist and a dietitian a certified diabetes educator and a product development specialist ifrag guides individuals and groups to learn to improve their eating habits and instill healthy behaviors into everyday life her role includes but not just limited to hospitals and healthcare industry public health and corporates educational institutions and fitness centers she is an entrepreneur she had her mother run an online clinic called nutricure they believe in nutrition as a holistic and primary preventative measure to lead a healthy life they're specialized to tailor diet plans for all health conditions and age groups they also have their own nutrition product called nutri meal it is a composite health mix that is well balanced nutrition formula and is free of any unhealthy or synthetic additives the biggest success was delivering 100 kilograms of nutrient meal to a renowned dairy dairy farm at zambia the product was selected after test and trial among many other brands as a drink that provides sustainable energy and nutricure they strive to serve people with the best of their knowledge and ability to make them healthy ifrah welcome how are you doing peace be upon you all and thank you so much sabah for having me on your podcast it is my first opportunity and i am very excited to do this alhamdulillah i'm doing great i am very excited too and uh without further ado let's delve in so um my first question being that there are so many opinions out there on which one is the best diet or the best foods to eat what do you think are the best foods that we can eat or the best diet uh actually in nutrition we have like a lot of development and research going on so earlier when we would google or go to nutritionist or search for the best diet we would get it as a balanced meal okay a balanced meal plan or a balanced plate is the best diet but then now uh as far as the research has gone and we have been you know developing nutrition and diets so now the best plan would be a customized plan that is i mean you know you just can't give a balance plan to everyone okay for personal normal without any comorbidities or any other health issues a balance plan would work for them really well but then there are certain parameters that we will have to take into account uh like the height weight bmi of a person the fat levels in the body to a body composition analysis and also a customized diet plan takes into account all the medical conditions like in case the person is diabetic or hyper lipidemia or has any other health issues like blood pressure so we have to take all that into account taken to take in the reports and then you know customize like tailor-made plan that is the best plan so so this plan is you know special to each individual and yes it is specially tailored for each and every individual taking into account their entire body parameters they also take into account the food preferences of a person in case they are vegetarian non-vegetarian vegan no they want to follow any other diet high protein low protein you know they're going with the you know if there's a kidney patient you have to give them a low protein diet you know based on their parameters we need to tailor a plan so a balanced meal plan would not be good for everybody i would like to answer for this and um the answer to your question about the best foods i would say is choose whole grains and ban refined foods whole grains are you know their whole system they have complete nutrition and refined foods are completely uh you know they are processed and they are made into products that are not good for us like that the nutrients are lost in the processing so yeah who's whole grains band refined choose home prepared pan pack and process so this is like the two liner i always follow and i always tell my clients to follow that uh would you know that those are the best foods to eat home prepared foods they are the best than the packing product that is such an important point and i feel um sometimes that point is not um you know emphasized enough in our society especially and in our culture today because you know um all sorts of advertisements are thrown at us and all sorts of cooking regimens are thrown at us and sometimes we fall prey to a lot of processed food because sometimes it's easier and i want to ask you to give me a few examples of whole grain foods and a few examples for examples of you know non-refined or refined foods that we have to avoid okay see so whole grains are wheat millet rice that is unpolished these are whole grains okay and the ones that are not processed refined foods are like the refined flour that we get from beet itself but the fiber and other nutrients have been removed like the outer layer layers of the uh wheat pod is removed and only the internal portion that is only starch or carbohydrate is given so that is refined flour and we get multiple products made out of refined flour that is your pizza bases your white breads your noodles pasta all these refined foods so yes so it was like consuming this product that is stripped out of the fiber basically pumps up your sugar levels yes yes it increases your sugar levels okay eating it in a moderation would be good that's not an issue okay sometimes we do indulge in foods like sweets or maybe maida paratha or maybe pastas and noodles we all are fond of it but it shouldn't become a daily habit or you know it shouldn't become like a lifestyle in us sometimes it's okay yes sometimes it's okay but then uh this uh increases your sugar levels this will uh you know add to your obesity the world is already going through a pandemic so yeah you know that will bring down your immunity and it will give you a lot of deficiencies except carbohydrate starch and maybe very few amount or you know amount of protein will be present in it but that's not enough for the body so it's not a you know power packed food that is great advisor thank you for that we hear a lot about processed foods sugar non-organic foods and some we don't know are harmful or not because they're conflicting opinions about them so what is your take on foods that are not fit for consuming yes that's a very good question and it needs more attention now than ever as the world has already been you know headed towards a pandemic that's over 19 in two years but i feel a bigger pandemic is actually obesity people die people we have the mortality rates and obesity and related uh you know morbid disorders from obesity is higher than that of food yeah okay so yes processed food is actually an altered food um you know there are various reasons meaning it is not in its true form uh like it's not to consume for example it's not fresh to consume so um like processing is done for various reasons main reason is to preserve the shelf life of it so that the product does not get you know uh spoiled or brought in faster so uh the shelf life is a major concern of processing okay so to preserve this shelf life they add a lot of other substances that are known as additives it could be a loaded with sugar as in jams and spreads and you know other syrups or it could be loaded with salt and chemical preservatives usually done you know used in pickles sauces canned and you know chips uh your bakery foods all these are loaded with sugar salts and preservatives also uh adding harmful colors to food products to make it more appealing practice like in candies in cake toppings you like dark red you like dark blue you want this color so this deep thing so these colors that are not permitted and shouldn't be used okay so excess sugar salt preservative loaded foods are the major cause of health issues now and they even lower the immunity drastically that's that's so important to understand because um we need our immunity and immunity has played a huge role in the pandemic itself exactly um and i i personally feel um a lot of times when uh people are not educated about this topic are not are not you know made aware of how harmful these products can be we find these products in our pantry almost every day they find them in our kitchen almost every day so they're always there and they are there to basically really harm you in ways that you cannot imagine exactly so thank you for bringing that up and how can one cope with emotional eating habits like over-indulging and overeating especially in these kind of products and also habits like loss of appetite entirely etc uh yes but uh before this question i would like to also answer about the organic foods that you asked me in the previous one what are basically organic foods are these foods are grown without using synthetic chemicals like human-made pesticides or fertilizers and do not contain genetically modified organisms they are naturally grown they are not genetically modified or any of that process is not done so yes organic foods are very safe to consume but my point to ponder here is that if there are regular checks kept on the production agent especially in our society i believe that more than 60 foods named organic just labeled organic are not truly organic so yes it's better to eat what is uh you know what you get from the local vendor than going to the uh organic store and buying them because i don't believe paying a higher price for stuff that is not like really organic is it doesn't make sense actually yes and i want to um i want to highlight what you just said not just for um our listeners in india but also in the us where we have uh local farmers markets where we have locally grown vegetables and fruits yeah and i feel there needs to be a bigger market uh for these farmers for these initiatives and thank you for bringing that up so uh moving on to our emotional eating and over eating losses of a fat appetite so um best thing to do is for all the parents out there or you know who have small kids in their house what they can do is you train the kids from young okay do not use uh food as a reward or punishment food is usually used as a reward yes it is right so you get a candy if you stay quiet yeah exactly so the child gets emotionally attached to food during that phase itself so do not use food to change uh you know a behavior or anything maybe behavior or the way children act like you said you know don't give a candy just uh if you stay quiet you get a candy to stay quiet you get a chocolate so that's not uh you know you make the children attached emotionally to the food so every time they're like okay let's uh stay quiet so that we get a candy no that's not the thing kids have to be themselves right so you change their behaviors by other methods you know telling them why you're doing this is right or wrong so do not bribe kids with food uh as this habit gets them emotionally attached overeating can be due to many reasons many many reasons and this has to be taken care of by a professional that is either go to a nutritionist or a dietitian mainly mindful eating has to be practiced like overeating can could be due to emotional reasons could be due to psychological reason could be you know you're not eating mindfully just sitting in front of the screens and helping food yeah and yeah so not thinking about what you're eating it generally causes overeating yeah and then um loss of appetite that also has many reasons in depth so it is generally taken as a common concern but it has to have uh you know given importance so loss of appetite could be due to underlying conditions like uh infections or you know psychological causes boredom of preparing meals eating alone eating alone loneliness and then affinity bloating ulcers or underlying deficiencies like magnesium deficiency could cause and uh your b complex deficiency could cause you know the appetite to curb down and other medical competitions like if you if someone has hypothyroidism your metabolism stores and so does your appetite liver disorders also due to certain medications like antibiotics and recreational drug intake such as heroin cocaine and morphine all these lead to a so yeah this has to be taken as a major concern and has to be looked in very very very deeply so mindful eating really helps in coping um with some of these disorders or some of these challenges that i guess many of us face today with like especially in the pandemic with our mental health you know taking a toll and um eating has been something that is easily available i guess to us at our homes and i feel you know being mindful of what we're consuming is is huge and i think that's missing exactly a lot of times during the day especially when we're going through something emotional when we are yeah um you know we are tensed or we have something that is that is preventing us from really being mindful you know so we need to you know get get back into it and practice mindfulness which is hard but i guess that's the way to go yes that's the way to go that will be hard but then practice you know it will make you uh get into it so that's yeah yeah so um what tips would you give to someone who is trying to lose weight and to someone who is trying to gain weight okay um someone who's trying to lose weight yes we have to find the reason why this person wants to lose weight and then how much lose how much weight he wants he or she wants to lose this has to be taken into account and then a completely tailor-made diet has to be given that is you know rich in complex carbs complex carbs are the ones that i said that are whole grains and long not refined so cut down the refined cut down the process cut down the you know unnecessary sugar intake also increase the good fats that plays a major role that is your nuts and seeds like flax seeds chia seeds your nuts like almonds and walnuts oil rotation this is basically not practiced here in india but uh i do appreciate in the usa i have heard a lot of people saying that uh they practice uh oil rotation that is if one month they use one kind of oil they need sunflower oil the next month they will use a rice bran oil and the next the other month they will use a safflower oil so it's like that but i would also like to say that the indian platter is the most balanced one okay so we have foods that are made out of each platter has different type of oils so there's a balance set there in india the pickles are basically made of mustard oil or sunflower oil and or the chutneys are made of till oil that is your sesame seed oil and your other corporations are made of groundnut oil and yeah this is how we set a balance in india so yes but the higher uh oil consumption would cause you know being overweight so cut down your oil consumption your even family size matters like the the number of oil that is liters of oil uh you know purchased per month also has to be taken into account so family size also is important and include a lot of good proteins lean proteins like fish chicken uh egg whites and milk and for the vegetarian sources you could include soya legumes pulses into your diet so yes this would be for someone who wants to lose yeah lose weight and then um someone who's trying to gain weight you need to uh you know increase the same the taylormade diet has to be given consume healthy foods not you know um i have heard people consuming a lot of processed and junk foods just to gain weight and for both i would like to say who wants to gain weight and lose weight for both i would like to say that work on your stress levels you know reduce your stress levels increase your water intake keep a check on your sleep and underlying medical conditions so i guess both like gaining weight or losing weight has has a lot to do with the eating habits there is a lot to do with making habits and exercise both work hand in hand both yeah that's an important point because uh physical activity eases this process exactly so um what steps can one take to take control of their health and start eating healthy because we know there are people and a lot of us are guilty in indulging ourselves in a not a very healthy lifestyle um we are guilty of letting go of ourselves in this regard so what do you think we can do to start this process start to being healthy and gay and gaining back that control of our lives okay first would be um set your timings right that is make your routine very perfect like don't have heavy three heavy meals or four heavy waves instead have you know equally spaced small and frequent meals maybe every two or three hours you could have something small so that you know you don't have uh the mountains and the valleys what they call it in our terms it means that you don't have high very high and low energy levels that is like when you eat your energy levels shoot up and when you are like in the time gap in between you don't eat anything maybe a mid morning snack or a mid-evening snack so it goes down like the valley it goes as deep as the valleys like it goes down your energy levels and then you get other issues like nausea bloating acidity so to curb all this i think you should eat and i truly believe you should eat a small frequent and equally spaced tea and keeping in mind the portion size is very important being mindful of what you eat okay mindfulness we we will talk about it in depth also so i just want to make sure this point is here everywhere in every answer so be mindful of what you eat eat for your activity level like don't uh before it used to be like you know uh eat to live do not live to eat yes do not live to eat but now it is eat for your activity level because uh since the pandemic has started two years ago and we all are into the sedentary state we do not perform in physical activity so for example if you're someone with a sedentary activity level that is you have just a desk job you take just a few steps so you cut down your caloric intake whereas if you are a highly active person performing physical activity regularly or a sports person or you go or you're hitting the gym every day then increase the calorie and protein intake but here the caution note is all under the guidance of a dietitian so you have someone to you know plan out your meals perfectly so that you don't over indulge in eating or you don't eat very little so yeah so i guess the first step would be to really take a reality check on what we eat every day what our eating habits are how frequently we eat to to have those equally spaced small portion of meals starting with that would i think would give us the momentum to um to take to take those uh steps further in terms of choosing the right products yes yes small steps would you know give a bigger success but follow it consistently yes and that is a challenge for sure so tell me more about nutri cure and how it has impacted your customers on new tricure um our recent i would like to share a recent success first it was our uh very hard-working very motivated client uh who lost uh 25 kgs of weight in five months oh wow he had insulin resistance and his doctors had you know like mentioned to him that weight loss is very very necessary as if if he didn't lose weight he would go into like comorbid conditions such as heart issues or lung issues so i would really like to appreciate the motivation he had and the motivation of his wife also to support him so well and you know give him everything actually she was in contact with me uh the client was in contact with me through his wife so she was taking care of everything and i would really like to you know salute to her that she gave him such a you know good atmosphere did not make him feel that okay he needs to lose weight so i'm working for him she didn't do that she took everything positively my client even he took everything positively he used to work out really well every day even in ramadan even in the month of ramadan we gave him a tailor-made ramadan plan that is good you know balanced meals for his the uh you know early morning uh meal that is the super and but if you give him a very if that is like the mid uh the evening when you break the past that meal also was like tailor-made for him yeah that is one of the biggest successes and at cutricure we really strive to serve people you know out of our best knowledge and concern we are really there to motivate and you know we have dedicated our time but you know our time and our efforts to them so that it really brings approach that is amazing and congratulations on this effort and i and you bring up a very important point when you said this was a joint effort it was there was a person that was his wife that was helping him through this process and i think having a support system outside of yourself really helps at times when you do need motivation and that is great to hear it really helps she's been very positive so it's really great awesome um please share your take on the role of exercise in our lives and what advice would you give to those who are starting to work out and feel overwhelmed okay one point i would make sure this should like sit in every you know routine is that exercise is the key to almost everything the key yeah so like many of us do read articles like how effective exercises but we hardly uh you know put it into our lives we hardly follow it we hardly try you know giving an effort to do it so the basic the basic um you know benefits of exercise are it helps to regulate your weight either you want to gain weight or you want to lose weight you have to work out like when you're gaining weight you have to work out more actually in fact to build muscle so exercise there plays an important role it helps you to prevent medical conditions like diabetes hypertension heart disorder you know it helps you to control medical conditions for people who have already having these issues they can control the levels of sugar the levels of their uh blood pressure and their cholesterol levels and other levels as well they can control it by exercise it helps you to improve the total quality of your life like it strengthens your bones and muscles there's better coordination and body balance is achieved you know increased happy hormones work out there are happy hormones that are released and it reduces stress so whenever you're stressed don't eat don't over indulge in your food but work out that is oh yeah great advice because a lot of times when we are stressed we we we indulge in eating and if we are going to get the same result by exercising then why not yes this is like my personal experience whenever i am stressed the stress is a common thing everyone has in life okay so i can't tell that any person does not have stress in life every one of us have stress in life so yes to reduce stress workout is like the best best even a small brisk walk would do great for your strengths yeah i guess starting small and staying consistent is key and walking being something that is easy easier to do and easier to stick to would be a great starting point yes start with brisk walks which is you know pretty much easy for all any age group could work and in in case you want to build muscle or you want extra you know um physical activity you want to perform you can always go to the gym you have certified gym experts there fitness expert so you can take their help and they will really be there for you so but increase five minutes of physical activity per day like if you're sitting for long hours maybe take a ten minute walk do five sit ups two neck rotation or your arm that will increase your metabolism increase your you know reduce your stress level your little steps could do much greater for your body yes that is an important point how can one practice mindful eating first and foremost we need to avoid screens widely you know looking uh watching movies watching dramas watching movies netflix amazon crime and i i don't know what uh there are a lot so the list wouldn't end and we would end up the time for this podcast so uh avoiding screams while eating is the major thing practice portion sizing like don't fill up your plate more than what you require maybe take small portions two or three times it's okay but don't fill up for example if you're a rice lover don't fill your clay just with rice so there is a you know balance plate that has to be followed how your plate should look like so um everyone can go into like my gob.in and there you will find how your every every day every meal plate how it should look like like the portion of vegetables like the portion of protein the portion of dairy the portion of carbs that should be there in your meal so i think that will be great for practicing portion size also chew your food well so this also comes where uh we are on our screens and we are thinking about something else some stress in our life so what we do we start gulping food we don't yeah no time and we're like in a rush here in the rashad every time so we uh help in food we don't chew well so that is not a part of mindful eating so when you chew food you know how much you're eating and the energy breakdown is there even in chewing and digesting so when you chew your food you're burning a part of your fat level in your body so keep that in mind and chew well those are so important and thank you for sharing them because we don't think about these things but as for most of us it's like oh it's dinner time and let me just get over with it so i can carry on with you know the rest of my activities or the rest of my day if it's lunch or if it's breakfast so just like sitting down and really taking it in knowing that i'm going to eat a meal making sure that i'm mindful about it i'm taking my time i'm chewing and probably um most of us especially as you mentioned when we are watching something it's hard to to actually be mindful of how much did we how much did we even eat we don't even know we just feel full we don't keep in mind chewing well we drop our food we eat large portions and then we complain that we are opening overweight or we are you know having these medical conditions what do yeah so i think these little things are so important and thank you for bringing those up um my last question for you today is how can one improve that overall nutrition if all that i have mentioned in the previous question is adapted then a person you know uh nutrition levels will increase their level like practicing eating practice portion size routine yourself practice your physical activity on a daily basis and then you know i would also like to highlight the point of reading labels when you buy products sure important and i think we should have a session on that too uh it's a very in-depth and detailed uh where we could you know tell the listeners you know how to read labels you know we could teach them how to read because it's our body our health we aren't doing it for anybody else so i think we need a little motivation and dedication the motivation would be given by us by the professionals the nutritionist but the dedication and you know working with a little hard work should be there from the other side too so that goes as a balance yes so uh we it's it's us and the help that we seek from you know sources around us and you know you did mention um labels and i just want you to touch up on it for a minute or two give us a few pointers there okay like when you buy a food product um i would actually uh my research in my final years of masters was based on this it was the hidden sugars and fat levels in snacks consumed by adolescents i was working on adolescent obesity so which is a major concern right now more than elders and uh older people being adult obese we have the adolescent and the childhood so um what i would like to mention here is there are a lot of uh hidden names of sugars like glucose inward syrup and uh every anything that ends with oil at all all these are sugar based uh you know additives that are added hidden under these names these are basically sugar that is hidden under the name of invert high fructose corn syrup all these pr sugars when one wants to buy a sugar-free product when the label says sugar-free i would urge you to please read the label before buying just because it is yes it is the name sugar is not there so it is the name sugar free but it is hidden under the names that i just yes so just be mindful about that and even fat free it is not actually fat any product for processing it requires some amount of fat okay unless you're like making it at home maybe you know we make it in non-stick pans or we grill it even grilling requires some amount of fat so that is okay but the fats that i use outside are more of saturated the saturated one likes it in your body like hardened raw yeah the hardest so yeah please read your label before buying thank you for sharing that efra and it was a pleasure to have you thank you so much and i would love to do this again let's delve deep into some of these subjects i'm sure our listeners will benefit greatly from this yes anything that the listeners are you know you know most of our listeners want to know about nutrition or health so we could have a discussion about that i'm i will be really happy to do it and thank you so much for having me on this week thank you so much and yes listeners please uh give us your input tell us more about what you would like to hear and i look forward to hearing your thoughts uh about this episode and talking to you and i look forward to talking to you in the comments section please don't forget to like subscribe and leave a comment uh thank you and i shall see you again next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @neetisonth [2 likes]: I thoroughly enjoyed it. Thank you! Definitely an eye- opener when it comes to eating habits. Very informative.
  2. @Drzahntist [2 likes]: Amazing ❤
  3. @heliumbubble9662 [2 likes]: Wow very informative 👏
  4. @nigaranjumkhan6453 [2 likes]: Wow....that was a wonderful podcast.I loved it, All of it. So clear so specific. Very well done 👏👏
A must listen to...listen to it completely, listen to it  with curiosity and apply. Hoping to get many more ahead

- What I Eat in a day | PCOS diet | Indian diet veg meal | saba Ibrahim | saba ka jahaan: Kind: captions Language: en A good morning I welcome you all to gay relationship, because of your prayers we are absolutely fine but I made a video today to subscribe to the channel when I told you that I too have diabetes, I mean I have become skinny then you ask and I should not eat so I thought that I should share with you what I have diabetes so stay tuned I want to tell you to subscribe, you must know that whenever it happens that is why we say that you should focus on your fitness, you should eat your own diet now there is freshener but we do not understand how we should eat what to eat and what not to eat, many people did not know that from the side it was not there at the first time, that is my mother also did not know what happens to it, that time it did not happen, then she did not know, this hormone and this thing, it tells us what we should eat and what we should not eat, if we make a mistake in that then we do not eat at all, so we have to maintain a balance in it, as soon as we enter, we have to believe in ourselves what we are doing, the basic thing is that I will tell you what we should not eat, like I did I have done it but I agree with all of you and it suits our body but I want to say that we should try to cure it by saving money because when I first consulted many doctors they gave me a lot of medicines but it made no difference and my health would get worse I tried to cure myself by doing all these things and I got a lot of benefit and did not even need medicines so let's do tractors and after that more pimples love your platform now I am telling you what I am eating so today I am working in the office I try to stay mostly in express and anyway it is very good for help and is very good for TCS we should try to eat a high fat diet throughout the day more fruits more side then I have to take simple protein and a high fiber diet give green vegetables all these things happened so it feels best and strong tasty from other things AA Surujmal Dhundh I have done it every day that is your optional whether you do it or not I like a little bit of it It has a porridge like taste and it is made with water as per New Delhi Road note [sangeet] and if milk is not available then wash it completely. Now I turn off the Bluetooth settings in it, if it becomes too much then in this case I will add one tablespoon of flaxseed because its taste is not bad, it is very Chittaur for lefties, if you want you can add a little turmeric for spice but I like it a little less, that is why I am adding this much piece of jewellery in it because it is Gujjar, in such a situation someone will get safe and our youth will get some relief and there will be no harm also, so if you have sugar then if you have your periods then you will have to talk to me at all, okay, you have to keep this thing in mind I am dancing with you friends, so you should try to make it in breakfast and on the side if you eat eggs then you can make it online, remove the yolk of one egg and add one egg and take brown bread and friend, if you make egg salad with light brown red and 2 eggs then that is also good Because in this you get protein as well, SP is very good, Ajay does not eat it, so you too, if you are making it, then make your own, so I am preparing the ingredients, here I have put cinnamon, ginger, cloves and cardamom in hot water, so [music] and I have never been to Bigg Boss and now we will turn off the gas and strain it and add green tea in it, I have been having this for 10-15 minutes, so you saw how I make my chakli, so you have to do something that you start adding spices in your diet, so the cinnamon which is used is also very good for pies, it is also good for work, it is good for helping anyway, so you will make chakli like this, and make it even fresher, and if you take leafy green tea, then what a great thing, you can use leafy green tea, but I also like this one a bit, dip it and it will be done, okay, if you want a lot of it, 90%, then you can use leafy green tea and make it like this, sometimes add cardamom in it, sometimes add black tea in it Also lock sometimes they can add cinnamon like this sometimes cumin seeds also all this because nowadays everyone is drinking decoction if your neck is behind then it is fine otherwise you should make green tea like this you should set it double, cover it and apply it in 15 it has been an hour now I have not eaten anything and after that plant of death and marriage every balance sewerage outside balance for PCOS is the first combination of world in this helped to avoid all boys appointment like comment share and improve the quality will improve subscribe so our almost complete we its balance is more important if there is no balance then it will not work and I will have to cry set the qualities of everything that you will not do very acid pressure but it happens in the same way that you like anything then it is very important to keep the hormones in balance so to keep the hormones in balance you have to do everything in a proper way you have to take proper diet that is your knowledge which reduces like this but work in also gives you mental peace so now take time for that also and this cut If you are able to do it then it is a very good thing and what you have to do is you have to sleep on time, you should take 8 hours of sleep if you are sleepy or you feel irritable then you should understand that there is some problem in your hormones and if someone has added me and I have liked it very much then it is the plant Devasthal Balance of the same place and it understands me very well, as soon as I have started taking it, I feel very good from within, it does not mean that I miss it all and get angry more with it, I do some work and I like it healthy, I take a glass of water like this, after one and a half hour, that is, in the morning, I put friends in it, oh they make it all natural, then I have some fear feeling that why am I taking it or there will be no side effect, it just tastes a little sour, but then I will take it well in water, if I feel scared, but I have a habit of eating sour things after drinking apple cider vinegar in native language, so I have a habit of eating sour things, so I like turmeric water and channel consumption, so I felt like using it. The taste is also good, so I have Prince Diane to avoid imbalance and this product will also reduce the risk of obesity, it will also reduce other diseases, it will balance your hormones and talk to it that it will improve your fat, its ingredients will help a lot in improving our fertility, which is very helpful for hair, refer to a glass of water, that is, on 152 World Channel, friends, you can take this remedy in the morning and this calibration was found difficult, I always say that if you include it in your diet in your life, then all these things will not affect you, the one who should do it, it does not always mean that you had reduced the weight on it, his salary or learning will go away again, it is not that it always remains, you have to make a change in your life, you have to lose weight peacefully, you keep moving around, let it go, if it happens again then it takes 2 plus seat, hormones fluctuate, so such a person starts moving again, the lights also have to be said, change in diet Give it a try and sleep well, you need very good water, it is written in which if you have a little protein in your diet, I will tell you about it, and it is written in it that you have to process anything from outside, that is in the drain, so tips, nails, pastries, then what should I do with it, I did not eat sweets at all, when I had a little bit, then for me the rashes started coming, they reduced, if you eat sweets then you will get rashes, which is washed with 30ml, if you take an alarm for four days, then pimples would appear on the face, then you have to eat this plain salt Buddha TV, do meditation, please do this, then set all these things very well and if you want to get this result, then I will put it in my description box, you can go and check it, and I wanted to tell you that on their website, set very good discount pimples, so friend, if you start going to the temple and I go there, it is my daily work, I return from there, my work is also done and after that at night I thought I would eat fruits because we should add them to our diet every day, we are very hungry every day, see I came to the channel in this quarter, I try to do my work for drinking water, I should bring fruits along with me, in the video I should have fruits in my diet throughout the day, they are also good for breakfast and they are also good for breakfast, so I am tired, I will message a lot and after that I will take an ambulance, so I will tell you what I eat, see friends, the preparations are going on, as I told you that we try to eat at least one green vegetable in a day, so mom is cutting this vegetable, now what is this sir, this will be made now and we will show you how to make it, hello friends, now here for lunch, that is, roti pahadi for lunch, for the rest of the family and here, mom is making all this, we are making it together, we have put a little oil as much as the famous masala can be fried, it seems to be more in the pan but do not put too much and add some onion and salt in it and We will add chilli, nothing else, you do n't have to add much in the vegetable, the rest is your choice but if you can do this much and my pimples should be made simple, I liked it more and I am going to make my roti, so I will make roti in the name of my family members and this one comes, let me tell you that it is not even in the drama of tumor, I will make my roti with this, the vegetable is ready now whatever vegetable is made at home, I keep it in a little quantity, which is dal, I do not add any extra thing, so my basics of this is that if you have to grind it, then you do not have to work too hard, whatever is made at your home in your diet, you have to eat it in less quantity and you have to take care of some things, so like I will show you with the vegetable, green deadlock, if the pulse is increasing then you should eat dal also and it is better if you eat roti along with it, otherwise you will also eat wheat roti, one or you will do, but before that let me tell you about apple cider vinegar because it is also clear that there are many benefits of it, I have seen I am feeling good and I am feeling strong. If I have any problem, you must have already told me that if you have acidity then you should not drink this. If you do not have acidity problem then you can grind one spoon in a cup of water and drink it regularly. It will be good for your teeth. I too am not having any problem with acidity till now. If I take only a little, if I take this process then it is very good. So I take this and after that I will make roti and I will make it again. Right now I am making my roti. I am making only one roti and for dinner I will make it again and the responsibility remains on the plate. Mashallah, add tomato and this green vegetable dressing and keep your roti in the pan. Roll the roti which I did not make before, add vegetables and it changes. We do not make Ludhianvi very often. If it is made then it is Murti Chicken so if you try not to eat in restaurants at all, avoid eating it sometimes on festivals, it is very good protein or you can also eat paneer. Then there is Giridhara calendar, I try it, then onion tomato Cucumber Fateh, one must have some talent, then one should have it and this face, those who eat curd, they can also have it, so I have my lunch, they like tomatoes very much and the front office, that's why I definitely eat a tomato, tomato is very good for the skin, so you should always keep a chopped tomato with any meal, so you start beating the drum about tomatoes, all the good friends, tomato is very good, so I make my lunch, then I will meet you immediately, it happened after online, it is also good, I request that I used to take it a little late in the morning after breakfast without covering it, and it kept getting late, so I forgot, so I am giving it now, so for any practice reason, I take white beans after lunch, it is medical for help and it is very good for the skin, it is fun to drink and it becomes silky, and in the evening before going back, I eat this root and I go on time for 1 hour, I am going there, after that I will come to meet you, I like this vegetable a little less, then it gets very early, so I eat it and listen, tomato and onion If I keep fasting, it's a little bad, whatever is prepared during that, I can also have dinner after that, do you understand? So friends, this was my dinner today, we had spinach curry at home. I had a little spinach, I like all vegetables very much. It's not that I don't eat vegetables, but I don't like parlors a little less, but Hope, the Palak Paneer they make, I like it very much, but we try to make a little bit of this, you mean, dimple curry, it needs less spices, so in between, the menu is like this, so friends, now I wanted to tell you that to reduce the symptoms of PCOS, we do n't need to do anything drastic. Princess Lifestyle, we have to make a little change in our eating habits, I have eaten this way and I am seeing a lot of difference, so I have completely reduced sugar from my diet, I have reduced the dairy products and the oily junk food from outside, now will you reduce it this much? So everything will be fine for you and if you eat it once a week then it will be fine, so you should try doing this and you will get to see a lot of benefits from it, so friends, I miss today's video, if you liked it then please like it, share it, subscribe to the channel and I will be back very soon, some with Nehru, with a cab or whatever it is, till then take care of yourself, remember me in your prayers and it was good, keep this in mind, reduce sweets, reduce oil and start working out, your back will be fine, even those who do not have pecs, they should also take some care of all these things for their hips and the most important thing is that if you do not have many children in your house, if you can pause, then remove all those things from your house which will harm you, that is, do not bring too much sweets at home, if it is someone's birthday, the president has brought it, if it is a small player or a big one, distribute it to everyone, do not keep it at home, eat it when it is available at home, so now I am leaving and further, if you remember some ad, today I have mixed some I have done it. If you have any new tips, I am leaving. I will definitely tell you in the next video. Till then, take care of yourself and remember me in your prayers. Allah Hafiz [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZaikaByKajal [6 likes]: Anyone in 2025?😂
  2. @khanjijikhan1973 [2 likes]: Anyone in 2025?
  3. @swatisingh2262 [1 likes]: Ab kesi ho sister kya ab pcos puri tarah se thik ho gya h kya aapka please bataye
  4. @Mishti-z5f8f [1 likes]: मुझे PCOS था, जिसकी वजह से पीरियड्स टाइम से नहीं आते थे और मैं माँ नहीं बन पा रही थी। कई इलाज कराए लेकिन फर्क नहीं पड़ा। फिर किसी ने मुझे Whitocon Syrup और Assicon Syrup के बारे में बताया। मैंने लगातार 3 महीने लिया और धीरे-धीरे PCOS ठीक हो गया। अब मेरे पीरियड्स समय पर आते हैं और सबसे बड़ी बात — अब मैं माँ बन चुकी हूँ । ये सिरप मुझे ऑनलाइन Flipkart पर मिल गया था। सच में बहुत फायदेमंद है।"/''"
  5. @tabassumkalekazi [1 likes]: Permanent kam hoga kya pcod
  6. @rosekureshi7797 [1 likes]: Anyone in 2025 🤔😂
  7. @sangamithra27 [1 likes]: Bf - 
1.roast oats + very little bit salt + 1 spoon flaxseeds + 1/2 honey/jaggery (no sugar) 
2.boiled eggs
3.omlettes
4. Brown bread / omelette

After half to one hour Is Tea - 
Inch Ginger,1 cinnamon,2 cardamom , 2 cloves , green tea leaves or bag (optional mint and tulasi leaves ) 

One hour before lunch - acv 1 spoon in 1 glass water

Lunch - salad (very imp is onion,tomato, cucumber) , protein rich food (panner, fish) 
+ curd 

After lunch Vitamin c drink 
Fruits - walk
Dinner
  8. @ak_closet_1997: 2026😂😂
  9. @सोनालीछेत्री: Vitamin c ka konsa goli tha ?
  10. @minecraftbhai1932: Any one in 2025
  11. @bazilshaikh2700: Vit c ki konsi goli app lete ho
  12. @sairabano242: Assalamu a lai kum Saba sister men ne ye apka pcos diet Ka ye vlog AJ Dekha he 2025 30 September
  13. @Azka_corner: Anyone in 2025? 😅
  14. @aneebabatool6693: Thank you for helping us ❤
  15. @sabaali6094: Anyone in Ramadan in 2025❤
  16. @lifeinkuwait13: Anyone in 2025😂?
  17. @gadwaligirlsemmi936: Kya name bola apny white Kya liya
  18. @pbdevil1654: Chole ka sattu kha sakti hu kya??? Please koi mujhe batau 🙏🙏
  19. @sarevisit2522: In 2025 she looks like a bais
  20. @livingforliferumasourav: ❤

- Want to know what a typical day at Saba is like? Hear from third-semester student, Rachel Hicks.: Kind: captions Language: en so my name is Rachel Hicks I am a third semester medical student here at ceiba and before I came to say that I was a registered nurse in the emergency room for three years I really enjoyed nursing it was really rewarding you get to have a fairly intimate relationship with your patients because you see them your whole shift I was actually on my pre grad rotation in the intensive care unit for nursing and one of the specialists a nephrologist was consulting on my case and he actually graduated from ceiba he really recommended save as a good school and it kind of gave me hope that I could get back into Canada after medical school that was really what my I was going for on Seba I rented a two-bedroom apartment simply because my landlord didn't have a one-bedroom available and I brought my cat so she allowed pets I wake up every morning the Sun is rising over the ocean in my backyard it's absolutely breathtaking right now I'm in 3rd semester so my course load includes neuroscience mind and behavior introduction to systems and diseases and basic neurology I'm also taking my third semester clinical skills course which we're learning the skills to go along with neuroscience mind of behavior there is a pretty high level of interaction between students and faculty the professors are more than willing to help you with anything and they're willing to spend a fair amount of time with you to make sure that you understand things you have to get used to just the type of life that you're going to live here the internet describes ceiba as the unspoiled queen and that's really exactly what it is coming from Canada I wouldn't have imagined anything like this there is probably four or five grocery stores there's some boutiques and some places you can get clothing some places for school supplies they have all the essentials the restaurants here are fabulous if I go to a local restaurant called tropics I happen to enjoy seafood and they present it very well I'll probably end up going into a field in emergency neurology like a stroke center that kind of thing I just have heart for emergency now that I've been there I don't think I'll lose it I think if you're considering pursuing medicine it's a hard road but the end result is rewarding if you're considering ceiba I would say you should go for it if this is what you want to do with your life and you want to become a physician save is going to give you the opportunity to do that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @musasayed8133: Thanks for the info. How do I get the best deal on accommodation? On Saba housing is expensive or local housing? I like to get my own room because I am a slow learner.

- Saba Braised Lamb Shanks - Tender Braised Lamb Shanks with Saba Grape Syrup: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello this is Chef John from foodwishes.com with Saab bra lamb shanks that's right if you're looking for a foolproof wintry brazed meat dish this one is virtually impossible to screw up and as if that wasn't enough I'm also going to show you a great product called Saba which I'm betting many of you have never used or even heard of before but we'll get into that in a minute step one here we're going to prep our lamp Shanks and as you can see I have four of them and in case you're wondering that is the ankle bone which is attached to the foot bone and on the other end attached to the leg bone I always enjoyed that song but anyway you're going to need four lamb shanks and to those we're going to apply a little bit of a wet rub so I'm going to drizzle over some oil olive oil to be exact along with a whole bunch of salt some freshly ground black pepper and then a little bit of smoked paprika oh yeah the bacon of ground spices sure you can use regular paprika but I really like that little bit of smokiness here we're also going to give it a little dusting of cinnamon not too much but a little bit really brings out the sweetness in that lamb and then last but not least some dry Rosemary oh don't worry we're going to use some fresh later but for the roasting and brazing stage I like the dry and then we're going to go ahead and take our tongs and mix that thoroughly now please use your hands the only reason I use tongs CU I didn't want to get my camera dirty and it took like 45 minutes to mix this which St being fun after like 5 minutes so anyway use your hands mix it really well and when those are coated just set those aside until we prep our roasting pan Which is so easy so what you want to use here is a roasting pan that's very heavy duty and it should also be just deep enough and just wide enough to fit the shanks and you'll see what I mean in a second here when I put them in but to prep that we're going to do a bed of onions along with a few cloves of crushed garlic oh by the way bed of onions is actually the second least comfortable bed in history only behind every futon ever made but anyway we're going to lay down some sliced onions and garlic and then we're going to put our Shanks over the top and at first I thought they were going to go in this direction and then I was like that's not going to work so I flipped them the other way and as you can see they fit much better and that's basically what you're trying to go for when you're choosing a pan pan you want the pan just wide enough for them to fit and have just about the same depth as the lamp shank itself all right and then once we have that situated properly we're going to go ahead and put those in a very hot 450° oven for 30 minutes uncovered to give them a nice Brownie and a nice sear in the oven and after 30 minutes they should look something like this which already looks pretty good and we're not even close to being done yet so we're going to pull that out leave that on the stove while we make our brazing liquid which is two ingredients first of which being chicken broth or chicken stock can you use lambstock of course but you don't have any so use chicken stock and then to that the star of the show Saba which is described here as a dressing cooked grape musk so this is basically a sweet syrup they make with all the remnants of the wine making process all the grape skins stems seeds so they use all those leftover scraps to make what's basically similar to an aged balsamic vinegar just an absolutely delicious product and we're going to add a big splash of that to our chicken broth we'll give give it a mix and then we'll simply pour that over our Brown lamb shakes and then what we're going to do for the second phase of this cooking is we're going to cover that with foil lower our oven down to 200 and let it braze in the oven until it's tender so we're going to cover that in foil and because I went to culinary school and was brainwashed I'm going to put a little piece of parchment on top first totally optional you can just put foil on it's fine so we're going to wrap that tightly and carefully and you notice I have that on a baking sheet which I like for spills and splashes and my hands are espesa so be careful when you do this use a towel but you want a really nice tight seal and then we're going to pop that back in covered into what's now a 200° oven and we're going to roast that for about 2 and 1 half or 3 hours or until a knife goes in Fairly easily so we're going to pull that out we're going to unwrap it to test and you can see right there our pairing knife goes in Fairly easily although please note the meat is not falling off the bone all right that would be overcooked if it just falls off with the slightest pressure but that knife should go in Fairly easily and at this point we are ready for the third and Final Phase of roasting we're going to give these a toss in the sauce and right there see that Splash that's why I like the baking sheet underneath but anyway we're going to give those a toss in the sauce and then we're going to put our oven on to 350 and we're going to put those Shanks back in uncovered until a few things happen one the Lamb's going to finish cooking all the way until perfectly fork tender secondly because we're cooking this uncovered that sauce is going to kind of caramelize onto the surface so what I'll do is I'll pop them in for 10 or 15 minutes take them out give them one last turn pop them back in for 10 or 15 minutes and at that point they should be done but only you know if they're still not fork tender continue cooking the only way to screw this up is to undercook do not undercook and this is what mine looked like after another 20 minutes or so of cooking uncovered at 350 like you saw I gave them one turn during that final glazing process and at this point I've determined they're perfect so I'm going to remove the shanks to a bowl to keep warm I'm going to strain that liquid into a sauce pan and you really could serve it just like that but I'm going to boil mine for about 5 minutes to reduce it a little bit you know we do that a lot it's going to get just a hair thicker and I've already said it but of course it's going to keep continuing to reduce and intensifying flavor and of course anytime we're reducing a sauce especially one made from roasted meat you're going to be able to skim a little bit of fat off the top which I did here so feel free to defa ify at your leisure and when it gets down to where you like you're going to do one final adjustment with the salt at that point you can turn off the heat and if you want you can stir in a little bit of freshly chopped Rosemary which I think is going to be the perfect Finishing Touch for the sauce and at that point you are ready to serve I served mine on some nice potato puree with an undressed arugula salad that's just a prop I know I'm not fooling anybody we're going to spoon over that amazing sauce and that is just a thing of beauty or at least it would be if you could see it I'm totally blocking the light so let's switch camera angles that's much better and right there you can see just how gorgeous and sticky and succulent that meat is and yes as much as I enjoyed that succulent stick to your ribs meat what really blew my mind is just how amazing that sauce is so incredibly simple no thickeners no Rus no nothing just 100% pure natural goodness so go find some Saba it's at that fancy Gourmet Cheese Shop probably or you can find it very easily online and give these amazing braz lamb shanks a try soon so head over to foodwishes.com for all the ingredient amounts and more info as usual and as always enjoy

  Top Comments:
  1. @ninjetti [2 likes]: I bought some Saba after watching this video... It basically tastes like liquid raisins.
  2. @foodwishes [1 likes]: Check out the recipe:  https://www.allrecipes.com/Recipe/236234/Saba-Braised-Lamb-Shanks/
  3. @HooksetterDan [1 likes]: WOW! Really Great Recipe!  Didn't have time to final flipping around but it was still great and tender. I used the braised down O&G after straining and put back in the sauce reduction after removing as much fat as possible, by far the best Lamb Shanks I ever had.  I cooked them side by side in my double oven with my OLD shank recipe, Chef John Wins!!! Thanks!
  4. @staciejohnson9578 [1 likes]: I am preping my shanks now, but I'm sure it will be DELISH!! Every time I use your recipes my food turns out perfectly! You are the best! I have tried other chefs', famous chefs', recipes and it is always a hit-or-miss situation. But never with you. Thank you for being very detailed and always providing the recipe link. Keep doing what you are doing!!
  5. @chloedevereaux1801 [1 likes]: you're the baba yaga of your lamb shank saba.....
  6. @seanc.mcnally2118: Why say braised when they are roasted
  7. @dragonfly99blue91: Love how simple this recipe is and how you explained the saba.
  8. @malemd: A toss in the sauce....😑
  9. @MadeleineDiantha: jokes on you have lamb stock but no chicken stock, because you can get a leg of lamb pretty cheap
  10. @lawrencetaylor4101: I tried this with Brontosauras Shanks.
Saba Daba Do.
  11. @nancyfriedberg9516: followed the recipe fairly exactly and both my guests said, "restaurant quality".  The lamb shanks came from safeway.....so it HAD to be the recipe.  zero left overs.  I served the lamb with mashed yukon golds but next time I will accompany with basmati with pistachios.  But, as Chef John says, that's just me cooking
  12. @Snidde22: I bought an extra shank to make lamb stock.  Oh my goodness.
  13. @tunintunin3417: Why would you defatify 🙈🙉🐵
  14. @d.l.l.6578: Can you experiment with gluten free and sugar free recipes?  Thanks. Love your videos. 🥰🥰🥰
  15. @gypsymom0819: As a student who had a water bed in college I am not sure about a futon. That was the 70s kids. 😜
  16. @EightyTwentyRatio: Oh, nobody has lamb stock but you expect us to get saba? Why not just say, these are the ingredients you should use, any substitutes are frowned upon
  17. @miriamcooper1320: Do you ever make some venison?
  18. @Carlito_Sway: You are the Shabba Ranks of your Saba Shanks!!!
  19. @ronancebola: Making it tomorrow for dinner, can't wait 😍😍😍😍
  20. @MrHydyr: I ADORE LAMB SHANKS IN EVERY WAY, BUT THIS RECIPE IS GORGEOUS!!!! THANK YOU SIR.

- MIXING Saba with Homemade Kitchen Achar!: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Home made achar yummy recipe woo and

  Top Comments:
  1. @malenadukairuchi: nice
  2. @ZahidKashif-w8j: Nice
  3. @farhankhan-j2c8d: Nice recipe
  4. @MashaaMd: Looking so tangy & yummy 😋
  5. @Sajalkhan-g9y: ❤❤
  6. @SabaWaheed-sq7yt: Very nice yummy recipe
  7. @FariaNasir-kx6ix: Ma Sha Allah nice and tasty
  8. @ZoyaZoyi-r7s: Good sharing
  9. @azeemhussain-g2h: homemade achar mera fvrt hota hai...

- BEST Cyberpunk 2077 Tips and Tricks For NEW & RETURNING Players - Cyberpunk 2077 Patch 2.3: Kind: captions Language: en I've been playing Cyberpunk 2077 again. And I've been surprised by how much I've forgotten about patch 2.0 and what's actually changed in the recent patches up to 2.3. So today we're going to go through all the major highle changes, tips and tricks, and advanced things that you need to know when starting Cyberpunk this year. Let's go. [Music] Firstly, when you're starting a brand new playthrough, you will get a new option to skip ahead to Phantom Liberty or just start from the original start. I would highly recommend that you don't skip ahead to Phantom Liberty even if you have played the game recently or before as you miss a lot of story decisions as they'll be made for you and some side content is just auto completed like all the side jobs for Delmain and a couple of other gigs here and there. You also get given a pre-made build that you'll probably need to use that single reset of attributes as you only get one if you do want to actually change any of that build. And it's not actually that much like bad content or anything if you just start from the start of the game. Like it's all quality and I just think the overall experience of going through act one and going through the heist and everything is just sort of worth doing. But in saying that, if you do start a brand new playthrough, I do recommend to speed through most of act one pretty quickly. You don't necessarily need to rush through it, but the game really opens up after the heist. And while yes, there are some minor optional content that can be missed, like some dialogue options or iconic weapons, but for the most part, there's a way you can get those iconic weapons later, which we'll talk about later in the video. But once you get to act two, it's kind of where everything begins. Like even a lot of the side content and the gigs that unlocked during act one, now that you have Johnny, he'll actually have dialogue and participate in them, even though when they originally unlocked, he wasn't able to. There is one thing in the heist though that I highly recommend you get and you absolutely shouldn't miss and that is the iguana egg. So in act one, right at the very end during the heist, you may not know this, but there is an iguana at the top of Compi Plaza in the apartment. >> Hey, look V, another [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] iguana. >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're right. Think it's the same one? >> Ah, no way. Our guy had a segier neck. Now, behind the iguana's tree that it's like sitting on, there is an iguana egg. If you take this back to your apartment, which you can do, you'll have a bowl that you can put this in. And if you wait a very, very long time, >> 10,120, >> then you will actually be able to get an iguana in your apartment. You can pet them and Johnny will interact with them a little bit as well. Now, in terms of how much time you have to skip, there's no exact time, but it's probably significantly longer than you think. It took me about 25 minutes of time skipping in order for it to hatch. And that was after I'd played maybe about 10 hours or so after actually just putting the egg in the bowl. So, definitely it's something like a couple of months of time that you're going to need to skip in order for this to hatch, but well worth doing. And it's one thing that you can't actually get after the fact if you are just speeding through act one. Speaking of act one, there are some early iconic weapons that are incredible for act one, but also as you get into act two, namely the SAM 116 assault rifle. This is a great iconic power assault rifle that has good armor penetration, but also a 22% chance to burn the target and like it has those like explosive round sort of effect. And it's really powerful for act one, especially because it's so easy to get in act one as well. and definitely one of the better options that you should be running. In order to get this, you need to complete two NCPD gigs at the top of Watson. During the first one, once you've completed, you'll actually get the Buzzaw SMG, which is another unique SMG that's actually not bad. Once you have completed that first one, a second one will unlock like just up the road. You'll just need to head up there and do that. Something to note here, when you do this second NCPD activity, when you defeat the elite that drops this schematic, pick up the schematic immediately as because this is such a large area, if you move too far away from that enemy, they can despawn and then you'll just lose the schematic until you get into Phantom Liberty. So, definitely make sure you pick this up straight away as that bug is still here that it's been there for quite a long time. Now, the next is one of the best SMGs in the game, and that is the Fen Ra, which actually comes from a similar location. So, if you're already up here doing these two NCPD hustles, head over to the docks as there is a side job here with a monk that you can interact with. When you talk to him, he'll tell you to go and save his brother and you can go and save his brother in any way you like. You don't have to do it the specific way that he suggests. Regardless of the way you do it, on the table near the brother, you will find the Fen Raar SMG. The reason that this is one of the best SMGs in the game is not only because it fires electronic damage or rounds and it has that shock chance. It's actually because of the fact that it has a chance to disable enemy cyberware as you progress through the game and just generally you're going to fight a lot of enemies that have this fancy cyberware just like you like sends and etc. And using this will disable that effect. It's also fantastic for any sort of quick hack build or like combo as sort of the synergy with you know having a weapon that disables the cyberware that your targets are actually using. So fantastic to prevent enemies from using their skills and abilities. Great weapon to grab early on. Really solid damage output as well and SMGs are fantastic. Plus, you can put scopes and muzzles on it as well. There isn't a ton of good Act One mele weapons. The best really comes from like the Gogg Witcher rewards. Like, if you own the Witcher 3 and you've got those rewards that you can get in your stash at the start of the game, you get that unique Witcher silver sword. It's probably the best in terms of like a katana option, but there isn't a ton of good iconics for act one specifically. However, if you want some more iconics, I did just make a video about some of the most hidden and missable iconics in the game, and I'll link that here if you want to go and check that out. Now that you're all set up, you might want to know the fastest way to gain XP and farm money. And for the most part, that comes down to NCPD activities, which if you're still in act one, there's plenty of these to do. But just generally throughout the game, the best way to level up and get money and improve those skills is by farming these NCPD activities. However, the first thing you need to do is go to your apartment, whichever one it is, and sleep in your bed, as this will give you an experience buff for the next hour. By the way, also if you shower, you'll get a buff as well that gives you health recovery while in combat. There are other buffs, but we'll get into those a little bit. Now, while you are doing these NCPD activities, there's a couple of things that you want to pay attention to in order to actually get as much money or edies as possible. Firstly, is every enemy that you defeat, you want to make sure you're picking up all of their weapons, items, etc. that they drop. And then we will take these to sell points and just sell them because they're not really useful to us, but they do have quite a solid amount of money that you'll make just from selling these. It's actually significantly more than you get from just like farming gigs or doing that sort of activity. Now, also to note, make sure you do pick up everything because there will be shards on these bodies. Things like the cyberware capacity shards that will slightly increase your max amount of cyberware capacity, money shards that just give you a flat amount of money, as well as skill shards that will improve those new skills. Now, you may remember that in patch 2.0, the skills actually got a change. Now, you've only got a smaller amount of skills, and they are all specific to certain activities you complete throughout the world or by picking up these shards. And as you level up the different tiers, you'll gain different passive buffs. Some of them will improve your cyberware capacity, some of them improve your overall damage, some of them improve your carry weight, etc. You'll be able to see if you hover over them how exactly you increase them and what buffs you get as well. But this is a great way to get these shards just to improve them as well. plus the sideway capacity, plus the money shards, plus also just your overall experience and money you get from farming these activities as there's just generally a lot of enemies to defeat, which is the best way to do that. Now, once you have collected all of those Eddies, don't spend them on cars or apartments, especially early on. One, because there is a free car that you can get if you pre-order the Phantom Liberty DLC. You will get the Sport R seven Vigilante just as soon as you start act one. You'll get a text about this. It's significantly faster than the like starting car that you get and it's just a solid option to run until you can actually afford much more expensive cars. But also so much more of the progression is now linked to cyberware. Like your armor specifically as well is linked to your cyberware directly rather than clothes. Plus all of the other benefits you get from say running a quick hack build or send or whatever build you're sort of going to run. by farming these NCPD activities, getting a bunch of money, and then dumping it into your cyberware is the best way to really see success in the early stages of the game rather than spending it on the more cosmetic stuff like cars and apartments. Some general tips for all of the newer additions to the game with the recent patches. If you're not in any particular hurry, I do recommend to try the metro. One, it can get you to where you need to go, just like fast traveling, because all of the metro stations are actually fast travel points. So you can avoid the metro like animations just by using them as fast travel points around the map as well. If you need to go to somewhere that's say the metro point is closer than the normal fast travel point. You can use it that way or just in general you can actually just travel on the metro and there's some unique interactions for the traveling and some like immersive things that can happen as well. And just generally it's quite enjoyable just you know ride the metro to your next stop. It doesn't actually take that long. I took a one down to Pacifica when I was starting the Pacifica quest on this recent playthrough and just enjoyed the ride. The arcade games are a bit of a forgotten feature that was added with one of the patches. Now, there are two arcade games. The Roach Race, which is very Witcher inspired because you are playing as Roach, and the Trauma Drama, which is a bit more of a shoot them up style arcade game. Both of these arcade games have unique rewards for hitting rank one. So, if you do want an extra challenge, then highly recommend to do that. I won't spoil what the rewards are for you, but you can go and do those. Buying new vehicles is now way different as well as you need to go to the autofixer terminals that you'll see on the map. Now, when you're looking at these terminals, there are new additions to vehicles overall as well. Pay attention to that top left icon for the vehicles as it will tell you any additional benefits that they have. For example, a lot of the cars now, you can change the color of them. And with certain variants of these as well, you can use that crystal coat technology to lose your NCPD wanted level immediately if you're not currently in sight. You can quickly change color of your car and it will drop off the NCPD wanted levels. But on top of that, cars also have the weaponiz feature as well. So you can have rockets or just guns in general. If you wanted to use those for car combat, if you want to unlock more cars in the autofixer, you will need to do the vehicle contracts which unlock as part of Phantom Liberty very early in Phantom Liberty. Once you get access to just free roam in Dogtown, you'll see a vehicle contract. Like you'll see that vehicle icon just pop up somewhere. Immediately go into that car, start that quest. Once you've completed that, these contracts will just randomly occur throughout Night City and in Dogtown. You'll be able to do these to unlock more cars in the autofixer as well as get yourself a few extra Eddies from doing so. If you are returning to an old save and jumping back into Cyberpunk, I do also recommend to go to a mirror and click the customization options as there were a ton of new player customizations added with patch 2.2. Just to list these off really quickly, there were 32 eye colors, 18 lip makeup types, 17 nail colors, 10 cheek makeup types, 16 eye makeup types, four face scars, five eyebrow shapes, four face tattoos, two body tattoos, and eight cosmetic face cyberware options that were added with patch 2.2 too. So, you could tweak your appearance a little bit if you like. Now, it is an older patch, but I do want to call it out as there's some unique benefits to it. But, you can now buy apartments in Cyberpunk. Now, there are a few that you can buy. Each of them have different costs and different benefits, but the higher level ones like the Corpo Plaza and the Glenn apartment will allow you to brew coffee, which will give you a stamina buff for an hour. We already talked about the shower and sleep buffs you can get as well. Additionally, when you buy these, you have unique frames. You can put like any of your photos that you take during the photo mode into them as well. But for the most part, these are quite cosmetic. You're not really going to spend a lot of time in your apartments. With patch 2.1, they did add the option to invite your fully romanced companion to your apartment, so you can hang out with them, do some general activities while you are there. This is also a repeatable quest. So after a couple of days have passed, you can invite them back to one of your apartments again if you wanted to repeat this hangout at your apartment. So there's a little bit of value to having some of them and the different apartments have different interaction options with the romance companions as well. So that's maybe an option to buy these, but you know, it is mostly cosmetic. The last thing I wanted to touch on is when to start Phantom Liberty and a couple of Phantom Liberty specific things. So firstly, you should start Phantom Liberty as soon as it becomes available to you. Now, in order to get access to Phantom Liberty, you will need to do the Pacifica quest lines with the Voodoo Boys. Once it's unlocked through Mr. Hands, head down there and engage with the Voodoo Boys. Once you've met Breijit and you've finished the transmission quest, you'll immediately get a phone call from Songbird that will kick off Phantom Liberty. And I do recommend to just head over there and immediately start it. In those intro quests with Phantom Liberty that are kind of linear, you can't really change too much about them. Don't forget when you beat the Chimera to pick up the Chimera core as this is a unique reward that you can't get anywhere else. If you jump into the crafting screen, you will be able to craft four unique mods for specific weapon types. There's a mele, a smart, a tech, and a power. You can only create one of these as there's only one Chimera core in the game. So, by this point, hopefully you've figured out what sort of build you're running, and you can then craft that weapon mod for the specific type of weapons that you use for the most part. But this is the only way you can get the Chimera core. The reason you want to get access to Dogtown as soon as possible as well is that there is a vendor that will sell you any iconics that you've missed, whether that be in act one or anywhere throughout the game. So you can return here at any time and pick up any of those. The other reason to do Phantom Liberty at this point as well is once you have finished it, you can then go and continue to finish the main game as there is a unique ending for Phantom Liberty that is added if you go down the right path with Songbird and it just fits naturally in that point in the story. Plus, it unlocks those vehicle contracts we were talking about and plenty of other quests that you can do throughout Dogtown and once you finish the Phantom Liberty main story. There are more that unlock as well. So, it's best to do this just natively as part of the main story when you're progressing through the game rather than saving it towards the end as you know it fits kind of in that middle point of the main story. But let me know any tips and tricks you have in the comments down below. Any new advanced things that you've come across in the game. Thank you guys for watching this video till the end. Thank you to our members for supporting the channel. My name is Nora and I hope you have a great day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @norzza [42 likes]: Whose the best romance option? :_NorzzaNote:
  2. @xavierjohnston37 [1 likes]: Does anyone know a good and fast way to get cyber capacity?
  3. @doudyice [1 likes]: Not him reading it as "Psalm one one six" instead of "Psalm eleven six"
  4. @RickyLee-t1y [1 likes]: Just beat this yesterday.  Got emotional.  Not afraid to admit it. Already wanna run another play thru.
  5. @neave789 [1 likes]: My first ever playing of cyberpunk and I am amazed by how the city is so vibrant and alive my go to in any RPGis doing all side activities and same here all gigs all NCP and other jobs leveling up fast loads of cash upgrading all my gear and sticking to my trusted layout of a shot gun pistol machine gun and the blades my build a tank 😂 so it's all guns blazing can't be doing with stealth and hardly touched the main story gonna leave that till I'm well levelled.
  6. @420YOUKNOWHO: Haven't forgotten a thing. Never will.
-  Robert John Linder ( Johnny Silverhand
  7. @Dear.ChristmasTree: after playing the DLC ending i haven't looked at panam or judy the same. 😅
  8. @jodenecummings433: Okay I have a couple of questions. I have played through the game once on easy to start. And I never was able to unlock that middle attribute on the bottom. What is that and how do I unlock that? And second, can someone please explain the skills thing to me? Because even at the end of the game, I still only had a couple of those lit up. Do I have to play it at a harder level or something? Or am I missing some type of ad on?
  9. @XerouEffect13: Fenrir(said like Fen-Rear). not Fen-Rawr. it is named after one of the dogs of Norse Mythology.  just saiyan....
  10. @AngelicPrde: My iguana hatched 90+ days it was so stressful.
  11. @ASFCX: I just started this game not to long ago, I finished the nomad road, not sure if each path has a different ending but im playing as the street kid! Planning on getting phantom liberty as soon as i can, now !
  12. @interlude44: I’m pretty much just walking around night city in the beginning and breaching gang activity lol taking all thier loot and selling them and going to a ripper lol this is my second walkthrough lol
  13. @TheHouseofPanda: How many romance options are there?
  14. @TheHouseofPanda: I'm about 20 hours in and I found myself doing the Phantom Liberty missions by accident. Is there any way to tell them apart from core game missions, other than that they're in Dogtown?
  15. @KleberLun: cool
  16. @RichardMurray-lq7en: I was not impressed with this game at all. 
To anyone wanting to play, my recommendation would be to skip it.
  17. @73ingie: Nice 1 will try some of these looking forward to a new proper play through.
  18. @BENEVOLENTKNIGHT: Take a shower when your romantic partner comes to visit you. You can thank me later 😉
  19. @mclarenrob2: I nearly fell asleep for the first Act
  20. @Kilroy-The3rd: Can you only get the psalm in act 1? or can you obtain it whenever?

- How to properly cut Tuna for Sushi & Sashimi!!: Kind: captions Language: en Today, I'm going to show you the correct way&nbsp; to cut a block of Tuna for sashimi & Sushi. I’ll be explaining the parts I&nbsp; couldn’t cover in this previous video. If you look at the Tuna, You might have noticed&nbsp; white lines running through the Tuna block.&nbsp; These lines are sinews, we call Suji. They&nbsp; are tough and difficult to chew through. Have you ever eaten Tuna sashimi or&nbsp; sushi and found it difficult to chew,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving something in your mouth? This usually happens when the&nbsp;&nbsp; cutting method is incorrect, and&nbsp; it's because of those tough sinews. So, how can I avoid this? The key is to cut the Tuna&nbsp; perpendicular to the sinews.&nbsp; Doing this shortens the length of the sinews&nbsp; in each bite, making it easier to chew. On the other hand, cutting parallel to the sinews is a bad idea&nbsp;&nbsp; because it makes the sinews longer in each slice, making them hard to chew. Now, let me show you how to properly cut the Tuna.&nbsp; You need to cut at a right&nbsp; angle to the sinews every time. Now let's cut it. When you try it yourself,&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll notice the sound of the sinews&nbsp; snapping as you cut through them. This is OK!!&nbsp; I was able to cut the Tuna cleanly&nbsp; without causing it to break apart! For comparison, I’ll also cut it the wrong way. When viewed from above, it might&nbsp; seem fine, this side is also fine,&nbsp; but this side will be parallel to the sinews. I'll try cutting it at this angle!! Wow, it's so hard to cut. When you compare Tuna cut the correct&nbsp; way with Tuna cut incorrectly,&nbsp; you can notice that the sinews in the&nbsp; incorrectly cut piece are generally longer.&nbsp; This makes it difficult to chew through and&nbsp; leaves an unpleasant texture in your mouth I would like to show the same thing&nbsp; using a different block of Tuna. Just like earlier, I'll cut&nbsp; perpendicularly to all the sinews. Alright, this is the correct way to cut it. Now, let's go ahead and try cutting it the wrong&nbsp; way. This side and this side are fine, but here,&nbsp; it's parallel to the sinews. If I cut this at this angle... Take a look!&nbsp; Cutting parallel to the sinews causes&nbsp; the Tuna to break apart slightly. It’s easy to see the difference between&nbsp; the right and wrong cutting methods. I’ll go ahead and explain again using&nbsp; that same piece of Tuna from earlier.&nbsp; For those who are confused, here is&nbsp; the easiest way to tell them apart&nbsp; if you’re right-handed, you should cut the Tuna&nbsp; while the sinews are running in this direction.&nbsp; That way, you can always cut at&nbsp; the correct angle to the sinews Even if you cut the Tuna correctly,&nbsp; and there are still some sinews left.&nbsp; In that case, you can always make a small&nbsp;&nbsp; perpendicular cut to break&nbsp; up the remaining sinews.&nbsp; This is called a “kakushi&nbsp; bocho,”a hidden cut technique If you look at this photo I&nbsp; took at a sushi restaurant,&nbsp; you can see that it had been cut&nbsp; at right angles to the sinews. Whether or not to use this&nbsp; kakushi bocho depends on the chef. To recap, it’s crucial to cut perpendicularly&nbsp; to all the sinews—this is something to remember! Also if the sinew looks tough, you can use&nbsp; a hidden cut technique (Kakushi-bōchō). For example, the otoro (the fattiest&nbsp; part of Tuna) has a lot of sinews.&nbsp; Some high-end sushi restaurants soften the&nbsp; sinews by lightly cooking the Tuna before serving It’s interesting how much effort goes into&nbsp; crafting even a single piece of sushi!&nbsp; Give this method a try at&nbsp; home next time you cut Tuna,&nbsp; and you’ll notice a big&nbsp; difference in taste and texture!

  Top Comments:
  1. @jerseythedog [2 likes]: Thank you for the specific examples and the thorough explaining. I’ve been making sushi for a few years and I can’t believe I missed this.
  2. @あき-f6q [1 likes]: i was thinking of just cutting it as is lol! good thing i saw your video first. will give it a try later, thanks!
  3. @kat1345 [1 likes]: finally found a good tutorial ! :)
  4. @sabrinayang6629 [1 likes]: THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!! This corrected the way I cut tuna! Like your wrong-way example I had only checked the tuna sinews were perpendicular from one side… I did not think about sinews on other sides!
  5. @PappaPangolin: Perfect thank you - Is it the same for Salmon?
  6. @Paul-c5x7t: Absolutely love sushi and sashimi
  7. @ThreeToesofFury: THANK YOU so much for sharing and teaching!  I tried making tuna sushi at home but it was so tough and chewy that i gave up.   Your video shows me how important it is to cut correctly AND gives the hidden technique to help.   I will try again to make my favorite sushi.   Love your channel!  New subscriber!!!
  8. @caca_cacat: What is the difference between this video and "The Basic Cutting Method for Sushi | Step-by-Step Guide!!" video
  9. @nixonthapa1879: Gem ❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @yubtse9381: This is very helpful i must try this at work today thanks a lot!
  11. @st.toussaint4632: Thankss ffor the explanation this was easy to follow.
  12. @eduardmeyer1: https://youtu.be/1troNPA1RVY?si=vT3qr_C6w2bkm1hV
  13. @eduardmeyer1: Eating Sushi, Beef Carpaccio and Steak tartar is undercovered canibalism.
We have ovens, we have stoves...or in Japan are not yet?😢😢😢😢😢
  14. @eduardmeyer1: Hi!
You made a great video...but why do people still eat this desease?
Raw meat can always be infested. Freezing the meat makes the bacteries inactive.
Once defrosted the meat revitalizes the bacteries.
It's fact, not mith.
The fire was invented long time ago.
Cook the fish before you make the sushi!
  15. @linaeb942: Im so happy i found your channel !!
  16. @erik19borgnia: Amazing, thank you!!
  17. @someguydino6770: DO NOT EAT TUNA! IT IS AN UNSUSTAINABLE FISHERY!
  18. @rachisell9324: Muchas gracias por la explicación tan meticulosa sobre las distintas maneras de hacer suchi. Mereces un gran like y una suscripción 🎉❤❤ y gracias por compartir🙏🙏
  19. @comaradelee: how about salmon?
  20. @globalbossevent7284: Lululemon

- How not NOT be a NOOB in Subnautica | 12 Tips and Tricks for the Beginner: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to not a gamer gaming this is genosis with a helpful video for those of you just starting out in subnautica as many of you seen when i started my youtube series being a noob in subnautica can be brutal so i compiled the list of things that i wish i knew before diving too deep into this game so here is my personal top 12 tips and tricks that i wish i knew earlier number one scan everything yeah this seems obvious and i knew this at first too but it's not just the fragments you know and unimportant lower many plants are edible or have industrial properties that you didn't expect various seeds and plants may also play an important role later on so if you see the little icon in the bottom right hand corner scan away number two water skip the bladder fish eat them sure but it's a poor source of water and can be easily skipped by just grabbing some salt and some of the abundant tube coral zap up that bleach and it creates not one but two more effective bottles of water stock up and you'll never go thirsty number three explore those crash sites each location your distress signal brings you to is not just advancing the story it follows a hierarchy of technology and resources that you would best follow each site is a new location with new things to scan so don't be shy and keep your eyes peeled if you already have your laser cutter bring it along with you as many of the wrecks have hidden areas where it keeps the best loot number four start your base early if you're like me i got discouraged with too much loot and not enough storage and you know living life of a life pod is kind of lame take a look at crafting the habitat tool and drop down a crosstube and a solar panel craft a new fabricator and a radio and move out of that cramped life pod to make a proper storage solution waterproof lockers are all right but a poor substitute a good first base is shallow enough just in the water to avoid major predators but deep enough when you get things more advanced and you can craft a moon pool number five there is no map and it is harder to get around but it makes exploring all the more immersive it only takes one copper and one titanium to make a beacon and that lets you landmark important locations so you can judge distances and it's a great way to return somewheres that you need to find when you're more advanced also there is a beacon manager in your pda that lets you toggle and color code your locations for quick reference it's a good idea to carry a couple wherever you go number six blueprint pda having a tough time remembering how to craft something use the blueprint database in your pda which tells you everything you need to know to craft something there's no need to run your fabricator when you have too much on your mind number seven upgrade early focus on such items as the air tank flippers and rebreather to make your early game exploring more efficient when it comes to equipment if you can craft it you probably should later when you're able to make the modification station that has many critical upgrades so keep an eye out number eight don't cook everything right away if you're out gathering fish to snack on it makes sense to cook it so it lasts longer right nope it'll go rotten quick however the fish don't degrade while raw in your storage you can also use the grav trap to keep fish nearby for your convenience and if the fish happen to go rotten keep it later if you happen to run a bioreactor they work great for powering your base [Music] number nine grow your food it's a chore to keep your food topped off and chasing after fish gets old really quick even if you do have the gravity trap as soon as you go to the floating island either led by distress signals or simply heading to the stationary cloud south by southwest direction scan the grow beds and plant pots and grab some crops so you can be completely self-sustaining to satiate your hunger without getting your feet wet number 10 stalker teeth this one had me stumped you need stalker teeth to make enameled glass which is used in many components such as the observatory now instead of knocking their teeth out you have to let them do it themselves observe the stalkers from a distance and watch them chomp down on wreckage you will hear a little crunch and you can see the tooth float down below it takes a few minutes so just watch the show and go scoop up those teeth you weirdo number 11 be prepared bring your repair tool and some extra batteries wherever you go the game is terrifying enough so don't get stuck in the deep without a way to recharge your light sources you can unload batteries from less important tools and power up your seat glide or your flashlight so you can get out of a tough jam number 12 don't waste a good battery several tools require a battery to craft and until you get a battery charger you'll need to craft new ones when they run out of juice try using old batteries as components for anything that requires one to craft such as the power cell which needs two batteries being efficient is a good way to survive and it saves you time in the long run all right this was a short and sweet one again these are not advanced tips and there are a lot more things to know about the game but i just wanted a quick reference for anyone struggling to get into subnautica and perhaps give you a little bit more confidence to explore to craft and to try new things and to just play this really great game anyways thanks for watching this has been genosis with top 12 tips and tricks for not being a noob in subnautica thanks for watching and we'll catch you next time you

  Top Comments:
  1. @devamdake4233 [22 likes]: Ken's next video would be having his face in awe if he watched this
  2. @em-kie [5 likes]: 4:22 Another good Stalker teeth hint is to try to find where they have a ‘nest’ on a ledge. Stalkers take scrap to a spot the data labels as a nest thought there isn’t anything there. Taking the scrap there sometimes despawns it but when the nest is on a ledge they will keep playing with the same pieces and often leave a huge pile of teeth behind.
  3. @SuperZombiepimp [4 likes]: I have no idea what I’m doing but enjoying my time still
  4. @Genosis [3 likes]: Want more Subnautica? I started a new playthrough here!

https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPEK793w-3sko9FE_Va-ExXViekat2mBO
  5. @Henryy0990 [3 likes]: there should be map in this game and little tutorial like i love to figure out things but starting this i was 90% of playing time wondering what i need to do and where and what is next mission
  6. @corpsi9761 [3 likes]: Press F6 when swimming to remove goggles!
  7. @JamesHickeyx [2 likes]: personally, love the beacon in the water game that lets you know where the water is
  8. @Lazy_Inc. [2 likes]: awesome ty for the tips.  just installed the mobile version and noticed the steep learning curve. came looking for a few noobie pointers and found them. 😊
  9. @Sherrycake [1 likes]: Also wanna add with build early (i started waaay to late) also start builing and using the scanner room!! The amount of time ive been swimming around for sandstone or other items is embarrassing. Make small scanning bases around the seafloor to look for different things. The scanner room highlight the item and makes it so so so much easier to farm materials!
  10. @stormjones725 [1 likes]: The water one for sure dude inwas so mad when i finnaly realized how easy bleach was.
  11. @quantametric [1 likes]: All these videos about how not to be a noob and I can't even figure out how to get a scanner or a knife. Do I just keep diving and looking for materials and then rushing up to the surface again over and over until I find enough materials? then make the tools in the escape pod?
  12. @77goanywhere [1 likes]: I am brand new to Subnautica and just getting a handle on the game, a few hours in. At this stage it seems very tedious and repetitive. Particularly having to air up abd get food, water etc constantly. I hope it gets a bit more interesting. It is a visually stunning game though.
  13. @Beastadin [1 likes]: Also! Always swim empty handed....ur faster that way...if u have a knife ur swimming with 1 hand only.
  14. @SicketMog [1 likes]: The loot situation yeah... I solved that by making like 8 floating storage units around my lifepod. I no longer play the game; wasn't for me. I tried it twice, didn't find the beacon/modification station tech, MAYBE I'll go back to it at some point but actually already spoiled the ending for myself (anti-climax) so most likely not.
  15. @elliottkashner8481 [1 likes]: Just bought the game and I’m a noob. This was super helpful.
  16. @Ticonderous1 [1 likes]: Never knew you could use dead batteries to make things .. D'oh
  17. @CaptureLife [1 likes]: 10 hours in and this was too advanced for me.
  18. @marcusberger7324 [1 likes]: all the tips and tricks will not save you from clicking more than you want to, because the game is Controller oriented. Many of us old PC Gamers might have mentioned it. The controls of the games is going kinda out of wack.Edit: and yeah sorry to all those console grown people. it is not easy to see that it is not a good way... I lived in  time when PC´s where not even existent. (TI/84) was my first memory of a computer. But rest assured that maybe we are ( ok much bigger now) but that we are loosing PC gaming like amiga gaming in the commodore ages lost
  19. @Fagdg1: 1:37
  20. @Westside_ripper: Also with the stalker teeth. Grav trap under a scrao metal where stalkers spawn

- What Happens when you start eating Sweet Potatoes everyday: Kind: captions Language: en all right [Music] what happens when you start eating sweet potatoes every day sweet potatoes are delicious nutritious and easy to cook they have an earthy sweet flavor that goes well with Savory spices such as cinnamon and Nutmeg they're often used as a substitute for white potatoes in recipes because of their many health benefits sweet potatoes come in more than 400 varieties all kinds are high in vitamin A they also contain vitamin C as well as potassium and beta-carotene sweet potatoes contain more calories than regular potatoes however they have less starch and sugar content so they don't Spike blood sugar levels as white potatoes do in this video we're going to be talking about the amazing health benefits of eating a sweet potato every day before we proceed please note that everything mentioned in this video is unbiased fact checked and reviewed by qualified health professionals with that said let's jump in and talk about the 11 benefits of eating sweet potatoes number one antioxidant powerhouses sweet potatoes are rich in antioxidants antioxidants are substances that protect the body from damage caused by free radicals free radicals can damage cells and lead to disease and even cancer they are plentiful in sweet potatoes one of these antioxidants present in sweet potatoes is beta-carotene beta-carotene gives sweet potatoes their orange color and plays a role in overall health beta-carotene also called Pro vitamin A is a pigment found in plants it is used in many multivitamins and dietary supplements this antioxidant is a precursor to vitamin A in the body vitamin A helps maintain healthy Vision skin and mucous membranes it is also important for growth reproduction and development during pregnancy beta-carotene may also have anti-inflammatory effects because it inhibits inflammation by reducing the production of hormone-like substances that cause inflammation in the body number two good source of vitamin C and B vitamins vitamin C is an essential nutrient for your body it helps keep skin bones and tissues healthy vitamin C also AIDS in the repair of wounds promotes iron absorption and helps support the immune system sweet potatoes are a good source of vitamin C one cup of boiled sweet potato contain about 28 milligrams of Vitamin C this is about 34 percent of the daily recommended intake for men and women who consume 2 000 calories per day the vitamin C in sweet potatoes helps to boost the immune system promote healthy gums and teeth and even Aid in wound healing sweet potatoes also contain about 20 percent of your daily requirement for vitamin B6 this vitamin helps with mood regulation and maintaining normal brain function the B5 vitamin also plays a role in keeping your skin healthy and preventing acne breakouts number three a good way to get lots of other nutrients sweet potatoes contain small amounts of iron copper zinc and manganese these minerals are necessary for maintaining good health and preventing deficiencies in the body the white flesh of sweet potatoes contains high amounts of starch which is converted into sugar during digestion the sweet potato is rich in fiber and provides slow burning carbohydrates that can help sustain energy levels without causing spikes in blood sugar sweet potatoes are low in fat but rich in dietary fiber making them a good choice for people with digestive issues such as irritable bowel syndrome the high fiber content also helps regulate blood sugar levels which may reduce your risk of diabetes sweet potatoes can be prepared in many ways baked boiled or sauteed with olive oil for added flavor they're deliciously delicious when mashed up as a side dish or added to soups as a thickener you can even use them to make bread such as banana bread or pumpkin bread liking our video so far before we move on to the next benefit don't forget to hit the like button and subscribe to our channel so you never miss out on our new informative videos number four promote gut health sweet potatoes promote the growth of good bacteria in your gut which can help fight off infections and inflammation they are also high in prebiotics which are dietary fibers that support the growth of beneficial bacteria in the colon prebiotics have been shown to improve Digestive Health including reducing constipation and diarrhea when taken regularly over time sweet potatoes are also rich in resistant starch another type of fiber that promotes healthy gut bacteria a study published in the Journal of food chemistry found that sweet potatoes have an antioxidant effect on your body this makes them a good choice for people who are looking to lower their risk of chronic disease number five anti-inflammatory properties sweet potatoes are rich in carotenoids which have antioxidant properties these compounds help protect against certain types of cancer heart disease and macular degeneration studies show that eating sweet potatoes can help reduce inflammation because these carotenoids have anti-inflammatory properties in fact researchers believe that the carotenoids in sweet potatoes could be just as effective as anti-inflammatory medicine without the side effects number six no blood sugar spikes in addition to their anti-inflammatory effects sweet potatoes May lower your risk of developing Diabetes by regulating blood sugar levels sweet potatoes contain more starch than many other vegetables but they're still considered low glycemic index Foods because they don't raise blood sugar levels as quickly as high glycemic index foods do a 2008 study found that participants who consumed sweet potatoes instead of white potatoes had lower blood sugar levels after eating this remained true even after consuming a high glycemic index food like bread or pasta afterward the researchers believe this was because the beta-carotene and sweet potatoes helped slow digestion down so blood sugar levels remained stable instead of spiking like they do when you eat white potatoes number seven supported weight loss sweet potatoes are low in calories high in fiber and rich in nutrients they can help with weight loss by providing an overall feeling of fullness in addition to helping you feel full they also boost your metabolism and may lower cholesterol sweet potatoes contain resistant starch which is not digested or absorbed by the body but helps to feed friendly bacteria found in your gut when these bacteria digest resistant starch they release short chain fatty acids that can help reduce appetite and increase feelings of fullness number eight support healthy vision vitamin A and sweet potatoes is essential for healthy eyesight because it helps maintain the surface of the cornea this makes it more resistant to injury from ultraviolet light it also helps prevent cataracts which develop when proteins in the lens become cloudy from exposure to sun rays or aging sweet potatoes are also very high in vitamin B6 which helps keep your eyes healthy by supporting macular health macular degeneration is the leading cause of vision loss among people aged 60 and older it's a slow process that damages the macula which is an area of the back of your retina responsible for fine vision the macula makes up about two percent of your retina but contains 30 percent of its light sensitive cells these photoreceptors provide signals to the brain that allow us to see sharpness color and contrasts in objects we look at when these cells stop working properly due to aging or disease we lose our ability to see objects clearly and may experience blind spots in our eyesight number nine regulation of blood pressure using sweet potatoes to lower blood pressure makes sense because they're rich in potassium this helps regulate the amount of sodium in your body excess sodium can cause blood pressure to rise sweet potatoes also contain beta-carotene which promotes the release of nitric oxide which is a chemical that makes blood vessels relax and dilate this helps lower blood pressure by reducing the workload on the heart and vascular system in one study researchers from Japan gave participants either 100 grams to 200 grams of boiled sweet potatoes for three months after eating this amount for three months their systolic blood pressure dropped significantly number 10 may have cancer fighting properties scientists have long known that sweet potatoes have anti-inflammatory properties but they've recently discovered they also have anti-cancer properties scientists believe that sweet potato extract can be used as an effective treatment for prostate cancer a study found that an extract made from sweet potato leaves inhibited cancer cell growth by 90 percent in mice with prostate cancer researchers also found that the extract reduced inflammation in these mice by 50 percent compared to untreated animals with cancer number 11 May enhance brain function the vitamin A and sweet potatoes has been shown to help improve cognitive function researchers suggest that eating sweet potatoes could reduce your risk for dementia and Alzheimer's disease in one study researchers examined how sweet potato antioxidants affected mice with Alzheimer's disease-like symptoms they found that the antioxidant activity of sweet potatoes improved cognitive function in these mice by reducing inflammation and oxidative damage to nerve cells another study found that consuming sweet potatoes improved memory in people with mild cognitive impairment mild cognitive impairment refers to a decline in mental abilities beyond what would be expected for normal aging this condition is often considered an early stage of Alzheimer's disease or other forms of dementia sweet potatoes are very nutritious and taste great when baked or roasted you may want to avoid adding sugar or oil to the cooking water or drizzling sugar on top of your sweet potato cooking sweet potatoes in sugar or oil adds unnecessary calories and fat to this tasty vegetable in this case it's best to skip the glaze altogether you should also avoid peeling sweet potatoes this is because their skins have many nutrients the skin is where most of the nutrients are found peeling it off removes some vitamins and minerals whether you boil bake or fry them the sweet potato is a versatile food that can be enjoyed on its own or in a variety of recipes if you're looking for an amazing source of fiber try the sweet potato it is one of the most versatile healthy vegetables that you can add to your diet enjoyed this video hit the like button and subscribe to our channel for more informative videos like this one thanks for watching your Wellness is our mission

  Top Comments:
  1. @user-yf7sq6dx5p [1 likes]: Really insightful breakdown on sweet potatoes! 🍠✨ Eating them daily can be a great way to boost energy, support digestion, and get steady nutrients without overcomplicating the diet. I appreciate how clearly the benefits were explained simple, natural foods really do make a difference. 🌿💛
  2. @alaiaadam5767 [1 likes]: 💥💥💥💥
November 2025 

Sweet potato 🍠 came in my food box project
  3. @MohanBNayaken: Excellent advice about sweet potatos thanks doc, Jai Hind  .
  4. @Tornado4TheLord: I really like sweet potatoes.
  5. @Mike-kj4gx: You turn orange like Donald
  6. @ZinebKheffache: You talked about my nutrition
  7. @EMV-z3n: This is a very useful video for our daily life. Thankyou so much for your necessary videos.❤
  8. @TheSystemclinic: I love potatoes 
And this video has made me like it the more 
Because I know the health benefits now through this video
  9. @beeblack2210: I replaced  bread 🍞 with sweet potatoes 🍠
  10. @terrimurrell6037: Don’t peel them?  I leave the peeling on when I bake them, of course, but I surely don’t eat the peelings.
  11. @balaprasadbadayale9941: Nice
  12. @MichaelMorse-p1v: A1
  13. @রাজনৈতিকবিশ্লেষণ-26: Naturally sweet. Love them!
  14. @fatimahpurwitasariharahap4551: In my 20s, I had boiled sweet potatoes for breakfast every day. The result is obvious. They really helped improve my digestion.
  15. @MorganBennett: I love eating sweet potatoes
  16. @Liverightlivehealthy: "I recently started incorporating sweet potatoes into my diet, but I honestly had no idea about all these incredible benefits until I watched your video! 🍠✨ The breakdown of the 11 benefits was so detailed and easy to follow. I was especially surprised to learn about the impact on cognitive function and gut health – that’s fascinating! 🧠🌿 Your explanation about resistant starch and how it helps regulate blood sugar without spikes was super helpful too. Thank you, HealthNormal, for sharing such unbiased and fact-checked information. I’m definitely motivated to keep eating them every day now! Keep up the fantastic work! 👍🔥👏"
  17. @staciewest9783: 0
  18. @kevdogcle9955: I eat sweet potatoes everyday.  I put Olive oil, honey and pumpkin pie spice on mine. It's better than putting butter and sugar on them. Putting Olive oil,honey and pumpkin spice is a Heather and packed with other health benefits. Olive oil helps your heart and blood vessels. Honey help with victims and generals and anti bacteria and vital  properties. And the pumpkin pie spice helps with blood sugar levels, metabolism, and helps the liver detox and spleen. And help the body get rude if subfat.
  19. @VickylovesGod: Thanks for the shared information
  20. @Wellness.After.50: Sweet potatoes are full of vitamin A and antioxidants, supporting eye health, immunity and glowing skin. Such a simple food with big benefits.

- News to Go - The health benefits of eating bananas 3/17/11: Kind: captions Language: en some of the viewers now in the lagging on the golden bang but the last one you Polly wolly N and Sigma ran in your pocketbook indica you must be no sagging no hassle permit in Bhutan that him different Hazaras in your valiant a banana a day can keep the doctor away yes Tom underneath the new sagging a Bioman Cassie it was a b6 potassium fiber vitamin A and vitamin E who had substitute Musa having five a day recommended serving for fruits and vegetable eating see joseline mahi lucuma in and saggy Lucas lapa burrito Nieto funky magas mother less near into the union para Ponte with gulab jamun Kapoor pasta trabajo modulus of Mahasabha so manga Taha a gabion for the cows coma in logging in a family mangas bailable Caixa econômica viva la la la la foto pero he nahin de la raza pequenina sagging iron semana expert Oh since my companion fiber particularly insoluble fiber Nia Obama Sabra Hanuman knew you knew only team consisted particularly kapangan Tina in one five number 9's young latin that there is a soluble fiber Solana Montezuma burdens are five a day recommended serving for fruits and vegetables particularly commissioned serve who is an icon for Tania Moretti para que akan gusto yeonbok maintained and healthy lifestyle is ominous a new diet and saggy

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hugecannonballs [2 likes]: WTF did she say???
  2. @enemanozzle: I know upon the health benefits of bananas too, but in my experience there will exist the risk at least of a constipation, possibly of an intestinal obstruction. The easiest manner to prevent this one in a natural manner will be to swallow regularly early in the morning on an empty stomach 1 tablespoons (= 15 ml) castor oil.
  3. @cheleysiaify: hugecannonball she said you r handsome
  4. @5iveize: Too much of that proud proud shit on every Pinoys. Bullcrap.
  5. @Conrado_roblox7: Ms. Junvi Estrada, nutritionist/ dietician my sister .. I am proud of her.

- What Does Sameko Saba Mean In English?🦈 Just Fish?: Kind: captions Language: en You probably already know that Gaigura is back and running under the name Samiko Saba. But do you know the mystery behind her name choice or what it means? Gura's new name Samiko Saba is actually a clever hint to her previous and current character where Samiko literally translates to shock cha. I'm not just as if it's warning us about the cuteness of her debut model and Saba translates as mackerel which means she's no longer a shock making her literally a shrink version of Gira. Since she's the shocked child, I wonder who the dad is. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ninjujitsu: the editing on this gave me a friggin seizure

- Japan's Geography explained in under 3 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, in this video we will explore the Geography of Japan in just under 3 minutes. Chapter 1: The Numbers The East Asian Island Nation lays off the coasts of China, Russia and the two Koreas and in total consists of 6852 islands. Of these, only 421 Islands are populated and the 5 largest ones, Hokkaido, Honshu, Kyushu, Shikoku and Okinawa, house 99,3% of the population. Its land area makes it the 61st largest country in the world, but despite the relatively small size, it has the 11th largest population in the world. Due to Japans spread out islands, and the rule that a country is entitled to an exclusive economic zone or EEZ in short, for the first 200 nautical miles off of their coast, Japan has control of over 4.470.000 km2 of exclusive marine space for fishing and the extraction of mineral resources. This makes it the Nation with the 8th largest EEZ in the world, it is actually 11 times larger than the land area of Japan. Chapter 2: Physical geography Japans topography is shaped by the pacific rim of fire, like no other nation. 73% of the countries area is covered by almost 300 mountains with a height of over 1.000m and according to the Mountaineering book “Complete List of Japanese Mountains” there are over 18.000 named mountains and volcanoes, of which 108 are classified as active. These Volcanoes, combined with a very active tectonic boundary sitting underneath Japan, which regularly gives off earthquakes and tsunamis, gives Japan the 17th place in the ranking of the country’s most likely to be hit by a natural disaster. As a mirroring feature to the mountainous land, the sea in front of Japan is characterized by extremely deep ocean floors. In fact, 50% of the Exclusive economic zone has a depth of more than 4.000 meters, which makes it very hard to explore and nearly impossible to extract natural resources from. Chapter 3: The Peculiarities Probably Japans most outstanding geographical feature is the picturesque and highly symmetrical peak of the active stratovolcano Mount Fuji. This giant is not just the prettiest but also the highest mountain of Japan. On clear days, the peak of Mount Fuji is even visible from the roughly 100km away Tokyo. The Tokyo Metropolis is by far the most populated city of Japan, and when taking the entire metropolitan area into consideration, the Greater Tokyo Area houses 37,3 million people, making it the most populated metropolitan area in the world. And finally, the Shinano River in the center of Honshu, is the longest river of Japan with a length of only 367km, making it one of the shortest longest rivers of all countries in the world, excluding micronations and desert countries like Libya and Oman, which do not have any rivers. leave a like if you enjoyed this video and subscribe for more, cheers.

  Top Comments:
  1. @victorsamsung2921 [8 likes]: Japan will be forever fascinating, in its culture, geography, cuisine and mythology etc.
  2. @Uribo34 [6 likes]: 日本が世界一の積雪の雪の国だと言うデータが抜けてるね
日本海からの大量の水蒸気が、冬の冷たい風によって冷やされ、大量の降雪になります。首都東京は、太平洋側に位置しているので降雪はほぼありません。
  3. @Phill-MWU [3 likes]: 2024 makes easier numbers: Tokyo centre = 14 Million while greater Tokyo = 41 Million inhabitants
  4. @JS-jh4cy [2 likes]: If Mount fuji 🗻 ever burped in the next 300 years a part of Tokyo will disappear
  5. @MA5UD [2 likes]: For class 10 geography (e).
  6. @Shinyolo [2 likes]: Tokyo be like : I dare you not to use public transportation
  7. @ireneimanil8376 [2 likes]: September 27, 2024

Irene Imanil to mention highly classified military information lies in Japan when it comes to ocean navigation (US NAVY, Maritime) that's why it better not get much attention. The shape when its stretched, would eventually the length of a ship or aircraft carrier and Japan and its surrounding water is the best place to float these ships or aircraft carrier. Japan and Japanese prefers Russia as a partner when it comes to ship building or manufacturing, over America, because Russia manufactures the best ship.
  8. @unstoppablesiddhi [1 likes]: Thank you 🙌
  9. @gustiayu9729 [1 likes]: Thank u
  10. @Ali-w5u3s [1 likes]: The 11th position is not going to last long
  11. @zailanumu7596 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  12. @神瑛奇葩 [1 likes]: Japan controls that marine space because the US uses it as a back door into China. That’s the only reason the US bolstered the Japanese economy and rehabilitated Japan’s Nazi past.
  13. @GeloPornias-p6g [1 likes]: Bro said under than 3 minutes but it's exactly 3 minutes
  14. @JOD555gaming [1 likes]: India's population
  15. @lukeurquhart1809: 'Height-th' 😂
  16. @raghuray2301: Morning before geography exam👇
  17. @IbrahimMoutawei-u4q: 6767
  18. @peachgreentea2026: longer videos pls
  19. @AliReza-nl9ng: یاشاسین ترکای توکیو اوشخلاری
  20. @ireneimanil8376: September 4, 2025

Re:  Search for children in Japan of Alex Padua to be killed.

Irene Imanil here to comb the country Japan to kill the generations of Alex Calimlim Alforte Padua, step son of Bill Clinton for the theft of Irene Imanil name and her siblings’ names.  Alex crime has turned out to be trans including trafficking, abduction of his children born in HI to be Laca Imanil out of Laca Imanil bloodline.

Alex Padua impregnates women in HI and traffic them to grow up in Japan as Irene Imanil (fake) Orly Imanil (fake) Jonathan Imanil (fake) Myra Imanil (fake).  Alex Padua holds Orlando Ferrer, Norma Laca, Orly Imanil, sons of the Jonathan Imanil, Myra Imanil hostages and beat them up, abuse and torture them for actions of Irene Imanil (real) that is within the conduct of UN and Geneva Convention. Alex Padua has developed a network based on sexual relationship with women to attack the generations of Orlando Ferrer and Norma Laca.

I did NOT bequeath my name to anyone, even if  it's stolen by many women  to super block me in money and real estate.

- Students learn Japanese art of paper folding: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you okay yeah okay oh yeah

- Saba Misoni Recipe - Japanese Cooking 101: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we are making sabba misoni Macaro fish stewed with miso paste this is a typical home-cooked meal but also served at many Japanese restaurants for lunch and dinner these are the ingredients we use one whole Saba mael filet you can use other type of fish but mael goes very well with miso for more information about ingredients and complete recipe visit our website japanesecooking101 comom first we cut the Macaro in eight pieces cut into four on each side slice peeled Ginger thinly in a pot add the water sake mil sugar and soy sauce and add the ginger and heat up medium heat add the fish lower to medium low heat and cover and cook for 7 to 8 minutes halfway through open the lid and turn the fish once and cover again and cook for a few more minutes now remove some of the sauce from the pot and thin mile paste with it stir and put the Miso mixture back into the sauce in the pot cook un covered for another 7 to 8 minutes or until the sauce has thicken a little bit the sweet and salty flavor of the thick meso sauce goes very well with steamed rice this is a great main dish to serve as part of a typical Japanese meal o o

  Top Comments:
  1. @camimistowls7834 [6 likes]: thank you so much for posting this! i just got back from a homestay exchange program from japan, and my host mother made this recipe many times. i absolutely loved it, but i forgot to ask for the recipe and i’m so excited that i can share it with my family now!
  2. @maggiemyra8181 [4 likes]: Thank you so much. Been looking for this kind recipe
  3. @GastonThermidor [4 likes]: Oishi— yes please
  4. @tinaloveseddie [4 likes]: Oh wow! That looks tasty😋
  5. @IryBee [3 likes]: Ooo, thank you! I saw frozen makrel at the store and was wondering how to cook it. Back home I loved it smoked.... But this one looks just as good!
  6. @AS-os3lj [2 likes]: Can you eat the skin of the mackerel?
  7. @FlyingChopsticks [2 likes]: Lovely ! I love Japanese food and your channel !
  8. @NessaRossini-1 [2 likes]: This looks so good. I'm going to try it with cod fish.
  9. @ratlinggull2223 [1 likes]: Why does the recipe call for boiling miso? Usually it shouldn't be boiled.
  10. @AaronMaxEpstein [1 likes]: Are these bone in?
  11. @foxyfox7627 [1 likes]: A dog brought me after listening to her singing saba misoni.
  12. @raiyu1985 [1 likes]: Question: do you have the grilled version?
  13. @jasonfanclub4267 [1 likes]: I love makarel
  14. @teamsalvation [1 likes]: I have cook many of your recipes!! Thank you for such a great resource. But how can I filet a saba fish? I have tried in the past and have not had much luck. I use Kyocera ceramic, not sure if that matters. Thank you!!!
  15. @dominicgoh3900 [1 likes]: Very nice, thank you!
  16. @911SuzieQ [1 likes]: Can’t wait to try this !
  17. @nickkarajohn1137 [1 likes]: Thank youu!
  18. @poolahpot [1 likes]: I absolutely LOVE saba! However, i will not eat it now because of Fukushima. :(
  19. @bhaktihgavad [1 likes]: Instead of Mirin, what can I use
  20. @junglefury45: Is there a substitute for sake I'm silver

- Saba Shioyaki (grilled mackerel) Recipe - Japanese Cooking 101: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we are making sabash shioyaki or grilled macel shioyaki is simply grilled with salt and it's a very common way to cook fish the flavor comes only from Salt and the fish itself but you never get tired of it here are the ingredients we have a Macaro open and cleaned or you can just buy pieces of filet salt and dcon radish that's it our secret today is that we are using a frying pan covered with aluminum foil instead of a grill or oven you know when cooking a fish especially blue fish like mackarel the whole oven smells like a fish with this all all you need to do after cooking is to throw away the foil and the pan is not going to have the fish smell great dyon radish and set aside and now we are going to cut the mackarel cut it in half and then into a quarter and sprinkle salt liberally on both sides of the fish heat the frying pan at medium heat and oil the surface of the aluminum foil lightly place the fish skinside down on the pan cook 7 to 8 minutes each side or until the fishes cook through turning it once and cook the other side with the oil that comes from the fish the surface will get nicely Brown like that place it on the plate with some daon radish pour some soy sauce over how simple is that grilling fish sounds like a lot of work but with very simple ingredients and cooking it on the frying pan it can't be easier o

  Top Comments:
  1. @tabianamoto [5 likes]: This mackerel recipe is a hit in my house!!!
  2. @cherrych. [4 likes]: Haru chan will love this xD
  3. @LionelLando [1 likes]: Why not just pan fry or broil it in the oven broiler, wouldn't either of those be even easier than all that aluminum leeching into your fish fillets? 😂
  4. @kwong5 [1 likes]: simple and easy recipe. my family love it very much.
  5. @lordkubikum [1 likes]: What's the point of the aluminum foil? Just wash your damn pan after cooking
  6. @AuMiaSal [1 likes]: Japanese mackerel was love at first bite for me 😊
  7. @MamonekoPardofelisCh: Cooking this for my night shift bentos! Can’t wait to enjoy it every night
  8. @susiemartinez8983: I just came back from visiting Japan and this fish is by far the best fish I’ve ever had.
  9. @williamwu3457: Aluminium is known to be controversial to health. You should use cooking parchment instead
  10. @serpentserpent9308: 🇳🇬 ẹja alárán sísun
🇰🇵🇰🇷 고등어구이
🇨🇳 烤鯖魚
🇯🇵 鯖の塩焼き
🇷🇺 Скумбрия запечённая на мангале
  11. @ladybookworms: Isn’t cooking in aluminium bad for health?
  12. @joet7136: It's amazing something so simple can taste soooooo good. I made this for my 82-yo mom and we both loved it.
  13. @truffle7622: Thanks!
  14. @Nicolas-cl1gq: Aluminium is neurotoxic and produces alzeheimer
  15. @amore11-22: Thank you for sharing❤
  16. @MarlindaSaikusa: Ohhh that’s so yummy like much
  17. @callmebigpapa2340: I love this channel. Thank you ladies! ❤️
  18. @Patricia-e8f5q: Love Saba
  19. @anhduong453: I like how we don't have to use any oil in this recipe. Thanks
  20. @thinkpositive9503: ❤️😍

- Japanese Food Recipe - SIMMERED MACKEREL -  Professional Japanese cook technique: Kind: captions Language: en-US 20g of sake for 1L of water. Reduce the heat before boiling, then add sake. Blanch the fish.Lightly soak in hot water without completely cooking. About 5 seconds. [Before seasoning meat or fish, simply pass it through boiling water or pour boiling water over it to remove the odor of the ingredients. It also has the effect of making it difficult for you to get rid of umami.] Wash the fish with hot water. Remove the dirt that has come out by blanching. Removing dirt will improve the appearance and taste of the finished product. Make soup stock. 140ml water 60g sake 20g sugar 20g sweet sake 5g ginger Put the fish in the soup stock. Add 10g of soy sauce twice at different timings. Boil for 1 minute from there. Remove the scum. Turn off the heat and sprinkle the soup stock on the fish in the meantime to add color. It also improves the balance of taste. To dish up food, and complete.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vincerfung927 [2 likes]: Are sweet sake and mirin the same

If not what should i use if i don't have sweet sake
  2. @donxuan6896 [1 likes]: What is the brand of the plate in your video? What is the brand of the pot in your video?
  3. @onetwocross [1 likes]: This is perfect!
  4. @soominkang5618 [1 likes]: I cooked this twice already, it tasted great like fine dinning restaurants. Thank you.
  5. @samukichiJFS [1 likes]: Please comment if you have any questions and requests or Impression. ;)
ご質問・ご要望・ご感想がありましたら是非コメント頂けると嬉しいです
  6. @ЛенаКлогунова: Спасибо ❤ многому учусь у вас❤

- Saba Misoni (Mackerel Simmered in Miso): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] over to the water to be be be

  Top Comments:
  1. @이은숙-p2n6q: 만들기 간단하고, 영양있는 건강식!
아이들도 너무 잘 먹어요.
감사합니다.

- 11 Japanese Fusion Dishes: Unique things to eat in Japan: Kind: captions Language: en traditional Japanese food is so delicious and diverse you can probably go on for weeks just visiting new restaurants and sampling different types of Japanese food but if you feel like trying something a little bit modern and different yet equally amazing get ready for our list of Japanese Fusion dishes in the previous video we talked about the different Japanese Fusion Styles and a little bit about the history if you haven't already and are interested in checking out that video make sure to click the link in the description box down below here in this video let's take a look at the top 11 Japanese Fusion dishes that you should try I've also added specific restaurant recommendations in the description box so if you're interested in trying out these Fusion dishes definitely check out the recommendations after this video all right without further Ado let's Dive Right In the first one is elar rice I'm sure you've seen videos of a perfect omelette laid over rice well that is omise it's derived from the Japanese pronunciation of omelette ometto and rice that is it the rice is usually tomato rice or fried rice mixed with different ingredients but the real challenge of this dish is The Omelette it has to be cooked for just the right amount of time with the right amount of steering while it's in the pan to get its fluffy texture Omar rice is said to have originated in a western style restaurant in Ginza in the year of 1900 while the original Omar rice is delicious there are other options now as well in some restaurants you can have Omar rice with curry or with tempera or even an omo lasagna if you like omelets especially fluffy ones then you definitely wouldn't be disappointed all right the second Fusion dish for you is Japanese pasta Japanese chefs can be very creative with their pasta and there's a wide range of Japanese style pasta for to choose from as I mentioned in this video with a list of every Japanese food you should try Nat is one of the healthiest foods in the world and it's also one of the most unique and interesting Japanese style pastas Seafood is also used a lot in Japanese style pasta like kako which is codo squid ikura which is salmon R and all kinds of seaweed these pasta choices might sound a little bit weird to you but they're definitely worth trying all right then we've got Japanese Pizza although you can get your typical types of pizzas in Japan some shops and restaurants add a Twist to their pizzas from teriyaki chicken pizza to Seafood pizzas there's a wide range of odd pizzas in Japan and yes there's also a famous Japanese corn Pizza Japanese pizzas usually have very thin crust but they also have the classic stuffed crust and it might sound a little bit bizarre to you you can even have dessert pizzas there's the chocolate pizza Apple custard pizza pizza with ice cream and they might not be authentically Japanese but if you're interested you should definitely give them a go all right then we've got Japanese desserts Japanese people love their sweets and it's not surprising to see Japanese Fusion dessert dishes everywhere the Japanese crep is probably the most famous you simply can't say you've been to Harajuku if you don't try a crepe from one of the many crepe stores Japanese crab is very different from the original European kind in Japan you can get the simple crabs like sugar or chocolate crab but you can also go wild and get crebs with brownies and a mountain of whipped cream crabs with red beans and green tea ice ice cream and again with a mountain of whipped cream crabs with cookies and sliced bananas and there's so many more besides all the different crabs there also other desserts that are popular in Japan like custard puddings and cakes especially M blong and more all right the fifth one is taco rice this is one of the signature food dishes in Okinawa an island prefecture in the south of Japan since Okinawa has the biggest US Military Base outside of the US it's been largely influenced by American Cuisine and different okan dishes have been tweaked to soit the American taste takarai has basically the same ingredients as the usual taco taco flavored minc meat shredded lettuce tomato and cheese it has everything but the taco instead of the taco you get rice it's a delicious dish that's perfect for the hot weather because it's usually served cool like a salad all right then we've got Hamburg steak Hamburg steak which is usually pronounced as hambu steaky is a Japanese take on the Salisbury steak from Germany it is a Patty made with minced meat and it's usually the main dish not a side dish you can get it usually in family rest restaurants or in steak restaurants as a more affordable alternative Hamburg steak is usually served with a side of vegetables as well as toppings like tomato cheese avocado and others all kinds of sauces can accompany the Hamburg steak from gravy to onion sauce tomato sauce and demig glaz sauce Hamburg steak is also commonly eaten with rice and it's a popular meat Bento all right number seven is GZA where do we even begin we'd have to go all the way back to the 1600s when a Chinese scholar brought it from China to Japan Japanese people even refer to GZA with his Chinese name which is Jau up until 1868 since then Japan has switched up the recipes ingredients and sauces and different versions have been invented boiled grilled pan fried deep fried you can get GZA in all sorts of ways in Japan in recent years some restaurants have gone a step further and added even more foreign twist to guza by creating coriander guza Chili guza Basil sauce GZA and so much more all right number eight is ramen as I mentioned in the previous video Ramen originated from China combined with Japanese style of cooking you have what it is now the Japanese version of ramen in Japan but did you know that this amazing Japanese food can be mixed with all kinds of foreign influences one famous Japanese Fusion Ramen dish is cheese Ramen it might sound a little bit weird but trust me it is extremely addictive there's also Ramen with tomato and onion broth Squid Ink Ramen tomyam Ramen Curry Ramen and ramen with basil based broth if you're interested in checking out some of these Fusion ramen places I've also linked some restaurant recommendations in the description box so make sure to check those out all right next we've got Japanese Curry since it was introduced in the late 1800s Japanese Curry has become one of the most popular meal choices in Japan both at home and in restaurants Japanese curries tend to have fewer spices comparing to Southeast Asian curries and onions carrots and potatoes are usually used in Japanese curries along with chicken beef or pork omet curry is also an option that has gained a lot of popularity in the recent years even though Curry is usually served with rice you can also now get Curry udone and Curry bread speaking of which let's talk about buns buns are originally from China and although you can get the authentic Chinese buns in Japan you can also get Japanese Fusion buns like pizza buns Curry buns Toman buns black sesame buns GZA buns and lots and lots more seasonal options these Japanese Fusion buns are unique and you can usually get them from convenience stores at a very affordable price of around $2 all you have to do is go up to the counter and look for the hot food section if you've tried one or have a chance to try one out definitely let us know in the comment section down below all right the next Japanese Fusion dish for you is Western Sushi this doesn't really come as a shock but to accommodate Foreigner's taste many Japanese Fusion Sushi dishes have been added to restaurants menus you can get cheeseburger Sushi tempera Sushi although both Japanese Tempa was rarely if ever eaten on sushi sushi with cantun and mayonnaise and so on these are just some of the Japanese food fusions that I want to introduce to you but the list goes on and on so if you visit Japan for the first time or even if you're a regular visitor or if you live here traditional Japanese food isn't the only food you should try take your taste buds to an adventure and explore the art of unique Japanese Fusion Cuisines which ones of these Fusion dishes have you tried or would like to try let us know in the comment section down below we have more videos about Japanese culture traveling in Japan living in Japan and so much more coming your way so make sure to subscribe and press the Bell notification thank you so much for being here and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlipJapanGuide [1 likes]: Which fusion dish would you like to try?
  2. @katrinlausch3078: Salisbury steak (Anglo-American dish) is not German at all, but the meat patty and how looks is kind of a Boulette/Frikadelle/Fleischpflanzerl etc. Take care

- How the food you eat affects your brain - Mia Nacamulli: Kind: captions Language: en Your Brain on Food If you sucked all of the moisture out of your brain and broke it down to its constituent nutritional content, what would it look like? Most of the weight of your dehydrated brain would come from fats, also known as lipids. In the remaining brain matter, you would find proteins and amino acids, traces of micronutrients, and glucose. The brain is, of course, more than just the sum of its nutritional parts, but each component does have a distinct impact on functioning, development, mood, and energy. So that post-lunch apathy, or late-night alertness you might be feeling, well, that could simply be the effects of food on your brain. Of the fats in your brain, the superstars are omegas 3 and 6. These essential fatty acids, which have been linked to preventing degenerative brain conditions, must come from our diets. So eating omega-rich foods, like nuts, seeds, and fatty fish, is crucial to the creation and maintenance of cell membranes. And while omegas are good fats for your brain, long-term consumption of other fats, like trans and saturated fats, may compromise brain health. Meanwhile, proteins and amino acids, the building block nutrients of growth and development, manipulate how we feel and behave. Amino acids contain the precursors to neurotransmitters, the chemical messengers that carry signals between neurons, affecting things like mood, sleep, attentiveness, and weight. They're one of the reasons we might feel calm after eating a large plate of pasta, or more alert after a protein-rich meal. The complex combinations of compounds in food can stimulate brain cells to release mood-altering norepinephrine, dopamine, and serotonin. But getting to your brain cells is tricky, and amino acids have to compete for limited access. A diet with a range of foods helps maintain a balanced combination of brain messengers, and keeps your mood from getting skewed in one direction or the other. Like the other organs in our bodies, our brains also benefit from a steady supply of micronutrients. Antioxidants in fruits and vegetables strengthen the brain to fight off free radicals that destroy brain cells, enabling your brain to work well for a longer period of time. And without powerful micronutrients, like the vitamins B6, B12, and folic acid, our brains would be susceptible to brain disease and mental decline. Trace amounts of the minerals iron, copper, zinc, and sodium are also fundamental to brain health and early cognitive development. In order for the brain to efficiently transform and synthesize these valuable nutrients, it needs fuel, and lots of it. While the human brain only makes up about 2% of our body weight, it uses up to 20% of our energy resources. Most of this energy comes from carbohydrates that our body digests into glucose, or blood sugar. The frontal lobes are so sensitive to drops in glucose, in fact, that a change in mental function is one of the primary signals of nutrient deficiency. Assuming that we are getting glucose regularly, how does the specific type of carbohydrates we eat affect our brains? Carbs come in three forms: starch, sugar, and fiber. While on most nutrition labels, they are all lumped into one total carb count, the ratio of the sugar and fiber subgroups to the whole amount affect how the body and brain respond. A high glycemic food, like white bread, causes a rapid release of glucose into the blood, and then comes the dip. Blood sugar shoots down, and with it, our attention span and mood. On the other hand, oats, grains, and legumes have slower glucose release, enabling a steadier level of attentiveness. For sustained brain power, opting for a varied diet of nutrient-rich foods is critical. When it comes to what you bite, chew, and swallow, your choices have a direct and long-lasting effect on the most powerful organ in your body.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GG_healthtv [1 likes]: Awesome video!😊. Thanks
  2. @DaniellyJurkiewicz: You are What You Eat
  3. @tanay.ply7: So that post-lunch crash isn't just me being lazy, it's just my frontal lobes screaming for a steadier release of glucose, Time to swap the white bread for oats😅
  4. @MindRepsYT: I like this
  5. @YOURnutrition_pro: That’s some actually awesome stuff I just learned
  6. @TrueNorthWellnessYT: The way you explain is very excellent
  7. @jimmyseterna651playlistmus8: Listen 🎧👂
  8. @Hearthealth60plus-r7c: i started eating healthy da bybda and i am feeling good
  9. @jordytovar4373: Awesome
  10. @fathan7888: Bengot gawat bisu mind
  11. @Sincerelyaugustroads: Proud of everyone for giving themselves a chance for success
  12. @tx4493: This is one of those videos that says alot but doesn't really say anything.
  13. @Jesusisking-o7z: Godbless love this
  14. @nickelmicheal1651: Wow, I just got here . 2026 👀. Can't believe this was Years ago
  15. @phamhohieuanh: thanks you “Nếu đúng như này thì trước giờ mình ăn sai cách quá rồi… không phải cứ ăn nhiều là tốt, mà là ăn đúng mới quan trọng.”
  16. @Tame1544: Good Video
  17. @alphaprotocol8866: You eat fast.
  18. @TheCreatorStoriesss: w viddd
  19. @GalaxiumTV-u6j: Wow! I never realized my brain was basically a mix of fats, proteins, and tiny nutrients that I get from food! Eating omega-rich foods, colorful fruits, and a mix of proteins really makes sense now – it literally fuels our mood, focus, and energy. 🍎🥜🐟 This video makes me want to pay attention to what I eat and treat my brain like the powerhouse it is.
  20. @HappyLearningWorld-y4j: children: https://youtu.be/gYvDDyeJ4sc

- 10 Rules For Reading a Food Label: Kind: captions Language: en Ten Rules for Reading a Food Label. It’s easier than gassing up a spaceship! Reading a food label, with all those scary words and numbers, is not as alien as you might think. We’ve created some straight forward rules that every earthling can follow. Rule 1: Food is fuel. The body burns food to live. Food is fuel for the body, the same way as spaceship burns gas. As it zips in between the planets, the body burns food as you go about your busy day. I know it sounds silly, but to understand food labels better, we will follow our alien friend as he gasses up his spaceship. Rule 2: Fuel is burned. This creates energy or calories. The amounts of energy obtained from digesting a set amount of food is called the Calorie. The longer the trip through space, the more fuel or energy the spaceship needs. In a similar way, the more active you are, the more calories you burn. Rule 3: Know how much is in one serving. Sorry, it’s not a gallon. Gas is measured by the gallon but food is a little more complicated than fuel. It comes in different shapes, sizes, and containers. To understand how much energy the food you are eating contains, you must first know how big the serving size is. Thankfully, this is one of the first things the food label will list. Serving size is typically provided in cups or ounces. So measuring the food you plan to eat is the only way to know exactly how many calories it contains. Rule 4: The calories listed are per serving. Please do not eat the entire box. The calorie listing is important because it tells you how much energy you get from eating one serving of food. Think of calories per serving the same way our alien considers how many miles he can travel with one gallon of gas. Since one serving of food contains a set number of calories, and the calories listed on the label are per serving, if you have multiple servings, you have to multiply the calories on the label by the number of servings to know the total calories you have eaten. For example, 232 calories times 10 servings equals 2320 total calories eaten. Rule 5: Know the type of fuel or calories you are burning. There are three main ingredients in food that provide energy: fats, carbohydrates, and proteins. If you add all three of these ingredients together, you can calculate the total calories. When our alien chooses his gas, he can choose from regular or premium grade. Both are still gas that his spaceship will use for energy but the concentrations are different. The same is true for food, only there are way more than two food choices. Rule 6: How fatty is your fuel? Fat is the most concentrated ingredient in food. This means that a large amount of calories are present in a small amount of fat. When choosing foods, select those with healthy fats like fish and nuts. But remember, a very little bit of fat burns for a long time and contains lots of energy. Rule 7: Sugar is too sweet for your tank. Carbohydrates are foods that are broken down into sugar by the body. If you are running a race that requires a lot of energy in a short period of time, carbohydrates are a good choice. However, if not burned right away, carbohydrates are stored almost immediately. Over time, diets high in process carbohydrates have been tied to many health problems. Choose healthier foods with less than 20 grams of carbohydrates per serving. Rule 8: Premium fuel for the body has a lot of protein. Protein is the third and final ingredient in food that provides us with calories. When the alien chooses high grade fuel, his spaceship run smoother for many years. Premium fuel for the body is high in protein. Protein provides good energy levels, keeps your weight steady, and allows the body to repair itself and stay healthy for many years. Rule 9: Food ingredients should not be in a foreign language. The ingredients found in the food you are eating are at the bottom of the nutritional label. Chances are, if you cannot pronounce the ingredients, that food is not a healthy option. Rule 10: Fuel with too many ingredients will clog your engine. Our alien knows that fuel with a long list of ingredients is likely processed and contains fillers and preservatives that may be unhealthy for his spaceship’s engine. In a similar way, choosing foods with less number of ingredients that you can pronounce is a good way to make sure the food you are about to eat is less processed.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sofia_Rigel_Star [1 likes]: 2:13 DAMN THIS IS SCIENCE NOT MATH..
  2. @samariatjan [1 likes]: Instructions unclear, I drank 4 servings of gas
  3. @CookingwithSunnySideJohn: thanks for sharing this video very informative😊
  4. @bentpetersen-r8b: This must be made for US citizens only. The rest of us can read 🤣
  5. @BETHANYHowell-t4l: wtf they put sugar on a ufo ship?
  6. @jameymueller2328: I cried when i started reading the ingredients on that faux list.  That's an explosion waiting to happen LMAO
  7. @paddington28suarez: yes i know what is foot label
  8. @yolindao5893: Excelente video. Very useful Thank you 🙏🏼
  9. @winnelynabillada4039: You have to see the Expiration Date
  10. @alfrescodingdong7430: If you’re in your 40s or above and have just learned this for the first time please go for a medical checkup asap…check your Coronary Calcium Score (both soft and hard plaque) while at it…thank me later…👌
  11. @JoThorVisions: Loved this!
  12. @shahirrashid: Hiii
  13. @curtisstockton7890: Excellent information 😊
  14. @FamousGirlK: This was such a great video for real! I appreciate the time taken because I feel like this is the best way for me to learn, even as adult.
  15. @bernardfleming1568: Jones Paul Young Carol Moore Dorothy
  16. @HippingOff: ❤TYSM❤
  17. @Jsbenrksuznbfja: Sooo the 232 calories includes the sugar calories, carb calories, and protein calories?
  18. @VERITAS119: Rule7! Almost as addictive as Fetanayl! 3:25 Great video, but Rule #1  Should be there are no aliens. 🤔 Also rule#9 is so true! 4:35 Wow, the alien 👽 knows more than us! Wait a 🤔minute I just said there are no aliens? Guess I'll always have issues! 🙃😅 I have OCD and you won't let me get rid of that one emoji.😭
  19. @rtbferments450: wonderful
  20. @Lotus-Leaves977: very interesting and useful🎉🎉🎉

- 8 Essential Nutrients in Eggs | Ask Organic Valley: Kind: captions Language: en Hi I'm Laura Poe Mathes and I'm a registered&nbsp; dietitian. What if I told you there was a food&nbsp;&nbsp; so nutrient dense that it could provide eight&nbsp; key nutrients and still fit into the palm of your&nbsp;&nbsp; hand? Well that's exactly what eggs have to offer&nbsp; and why I recommend them as part of a healthy and&nbsp;&nbsp; balanced diet. Eggs provide eight essential&nbsp; nutrients for human health and development.&nbsp;&nbsp; and here's how your body benefits. The&nbsp; human body needs a significant amount of&nbsp;&nbsp; protein each day as nearly every part of the&nbsp; body is either made from or uses protein for&nbsp;&nbsp; growth and repair. Protein-rich foods also&nbsp; help keep us feeling fuller for longer,&nbsp;&nbsp; making eggs a helpful ally in weight management.&nbsp; Egg yolks are one of the best sources of choline&nbsp;&nbsp; and just two to three eggs can provide nearly&nbsp; your entire daily amount of this nutrient. Choline&nbsp;&nbsp; supports healthy cell membranes, liver function&nbsp; and brain health. Egg yolks contain essential fats&nbsp;&nbsp; so if you're skipping the yolk when you eat eggs,&nbsp; you're actually forfeiting some key nutrients such&nbsp;&nbsp; as arachidonic acid and omega-3 fatty acids. These&nbsp; nutrient-dense components that reside in the yolk&nbsp;&nbsp; support immune function, have anti-inflammatory&nbsp; properties and promote the health of your eyes,&nbsp;&nbsp; brain and skin. Riboflavin, niacin pantothenic&nbsp; acid and biotin are all present in eggs. These&nbsp;&nbsp; b vitamins support both physical and mental health&nbsp; including nutrient absorption, energy metabolism&nbsp;&nbsp; and helping convert food into fuel. Vitamins a, d&nbsp; and e are all fat soluble meaning they need to be&nbsp;&nbsp; eaten with fat for the best absorption possible&nbsp; - just another reason to eat those egg yolks.&nbsp;&nbsp; Last but not least, selenium is a mineral&nbsp; that acts as an antioxidant in the body&nbsp;&nbsp; protecting cells from damage from things like&nbsp; environmental toxins and heavily processed foods.&nbsp;&nbsp; Selenium is also needed for healthy thyroid&nbsp; function so whether you like them scramble,&nbsp;&nbsp; hard boiled or over easy, eggs are a delicious&nbsp; way to ensure you get these eight key nutrients as&nbsp;&nbsp; part of your diet. When you choose Organic Valley&nbsp; eggs from hens that are free to forage outside and&nbsp;&nbsp; have a natural, omnivorous diet know that you're&nbsp; getting an egg that's raised without herbicides,&nbsp;&nbsp; pesticides or genetically modified organisms. The&nbsp; USDA organic seal ensures the highest standards of&nbsp;&nbsp; animal welfare for hens and an egg that delivers&nbsp; essential nutrition for you and your family.&nbsp;&nbsp; Keep on watching or visit the Organic Valley&nbsp; website for more nutritional information.

  Top Comments:
  1. @christopherwunsch5077 [3 likes]: Dont forget Egg yolks are a good source of Vit K2 which is very good at redirecting Calcium from arteries back to the bones and teeth where Calcium belongs
  2. @eternalhellfortyrants8561 [2 likes]: The Lord's most perfect food.  I've eaten 3-5 eggs a day for decades and am very healthy.  Ignore the fables spewed by government 'nutritionists.'
  3. @thesilentgeneration [1 likes]: What about zinc?
  4. @matthewclark9522 [1 likes]: Thank you!  I'm 74 and live on egg salad, veggies, oatmeal and milk...the fewer ingredients, the better.   Anything that reads like an incantation we do not need!!
  5. @elizabethmagruder9413 [1 likes]: This was actually informative! I have been trying to research for YouTube video like yours that informs the stuff in this YouTube video. 🩺Your tip for sure is like the channel from this insightful med student Doctor Ethan. Dr Ethan's tips are informative and I actually learned a lot for my school. He is the most informative Dr on YouTube and he talks about vaccines and diseases!

I recommend you check his YouTube out and give the Doctor a like! 👉 #DoctorEthan
  6. @EarmuffHugger: Chickens are direct descendants to dinosaurs & our greatest ancestors stayed healthy, reproduced & thrived on dinosaur eggs.
Well wishes.
  7. @shellys.9531: That one yolk at the beginning that reeeeally resisted getting beaten lol  V informative btw

- How to Read Nutrition Facts | Food Labels Made Easy: Kind: captions Language: en people ask me hey Health nerd what's the best way to start improving my health is it through a calorie counting app shopping at Whole Foods maybe joining my local booty boot camp well actually esteemed reader one of the best ways to improve your health quickly is by learning how to read nutrition labels you may think these labels contain some complex science and mathematical equations but they're really not that scary let's walk through how to properly read these things the first thing you'll notice is at the top of the nutrition facts are the serving size and servings per container this this is simply the amount in the package or container pretty self-explanatory next you have the ingredients everything inside of these black lines is representative of one serving this is important to understand because next you'll see the calories and the calories from fat this is pretty much the only thing most people ever look at and this is a common mistake if the package says 200 calories on the bag of chips but the servings per container say 2.5 that means there's actually 500 calories in the bag this is a clever little marketing trick that you should be aware of pressing on you will see the total fat on the package along with the number and percentage on the right hand side the number represents the total fat in one serving and the percentage represents the percentage based on a 2,000 calorie diet so 8 G is 12% of a 2,000 calorie diet I should also remind you that fat is not bad for you and there are plenty of healthy foods that are high in fat what you really want to watch out for is any trans fat trans fat is the kind linked to heart disease and all sorts of medical conditions avoid this at all costs saturated fat should be much less of a concern this may surprise some of you so I will link a few studies below that have conclusively proven that saturated fat is fine to eat and not the cause of many diseases it was wrongly accused for think of saturated fat as the middle child of the fat family he's got a good heart but he's just a little misunderstood now you may be thinking wait a minute why does the total number of s rated fat and trans fat not add up to the total fat on the top where's the other 7 G well this is because not all fats will be listed on the nutrition label only the nutrients deemed most important ever make it to the nutrition labels don't worry though the other fats not listed are generally healthy and should be much less of a concern pressing on you will see the cholesterol in sodium remember these numbers are based on one serving if the sodium was 25% of your daily intake and the package had 2.5 servings on it that means the entire package contains 63% of your daily sodium intake quite a bit considering this is one snack onward you'll see the carbohydrates section carbohydrates are the breads grains fiber and sugars in the food the first section you'll see is for dietary fiber having a good amount of dietary fiber is a good thing as it helps with digestion and satisfaction from your meals now the next section is what you really need to pay ATT attention to the total sugars and the food you're eating are important to watch out for as like trans fat they have been linked to a whole host of diseases and health problems also you should be aware of not only the sugar in the food but what kind of carbohydrates you're eating if the food is very high in carbohydrates but low in dietary fiber even though the carbs are not labeled as sugar they will operate very similarly in your bloodstream these are called simple carbs this is why you need to watch out for unrefined carbohydrates like white bread and pastas next up you'll see the label for protein knowing that foods high in protein lead to better satisfaction from your meals and promote lean muscle tissue you will want most of the foods you eat to have a good amount of protein finally we have a few key vitamins at the bottom it may sound strange but ignore these these numbers will be notoriously low and you should be focusing instead on getting lots of fruits and vegetables in every day to meet your vitamin requirements leafy greens contain calcium and iron and fruits contain vitamin C and vitamin A the rest of the nutrition label facts contain recommendations about how much in each category to get in they do not change on the nutrition label and are not that important finally on some labels you will see the calories per gram for each macronutrient fat contains 9 G per serving and carbohydrates and proteins contain four so for every 10 G of fat you will have 90 calories for every 10 g of protein or carboh hydrates you will get 40 calories safe to say you should now have a general understanding of how nutrition labels work most importantly you can stop assuming something is healthy for you based on tricky packaging and start knowing the difference got a burning Health question you need answered just put it in the comment section below and rumor has it for every new subscriber I get a brand new Lamborghini will be placed outside your door Yep this is not a joke hit the Subscribe button and a Lamborghini will appear so please subscribe to the health nerd for weekly tips and tricks backed by science you can also check out the health nerd.com for online health and fitness courses that'll help you take your health to the next level cheers [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @calebtheguy123 [1 likes]: I'm doing school homework on this can anyone help me out
  2. @AsheberJinka [1 likes]: Don't forget my Lambo like last time.
  3. @brianlong9066 [1 likes]: great video...only correction I point out is at the 3:29, you meant to put refined carbs ...unrefined are the healthier option for carbs. thx for video
  4. @deerperson666 [1 likes]: OwO
  5. @237omega4 [1 likes]: I had to watch this video for an online class, and ever since I saw it my life has been changed forever. I have been driving in a Lamborghini for a year and it has been amazing. Thank you, TheHealthNerd!
  6. @postminchoppa: Good video but can you turn the music up i can almost hear the talking
  7. @sohilaahmed1068: سبحان الله العظيم❤
سبحان الخالق❤
سبحان المصور القهار❤
سبحانالودود اللطيف ❤
سبحان الهادي الكريم❤
  8. @jacksonbaumgart3320: When do I get my lambo?
  9. @SadanaSadana-c7e: The clarity here is off the charts!
  10. @JInxRL1: I DIDNT GET A LAMBORGINI IM GONNA CRASH IM 8 AND I LOOK UP TO YOU IM UNSUBSCRIBINGGGGG
  11. @ANTEKCLIPZ: Gimme lambo
  12. @Gina-r5o: What would be the serving size according to this food label?
What is the number of calories per serving?
  13. @MinjuMJKim: Thank you so much! Now I am sure about the Nutrition Facts!!🤣
  14. @ansonkimshaw5860: h
  15. @samariatjan: The background music is cursed but the information is excellent lol
  16. @ninapatriciamatias6104: So if the corned tuna says 
serving size: 56 grms
No. Of serving per container: about 3
Calorie (kcal): 93

93x 3=279
The actual calorie in the can is 279? Is that right?
  17. @delank4687: watching this because i just consumed a violent amount of this specific junk food... yeah no..
  18. @Akan_tips: Please make a video and lean the healthy amount of each ingredient .
  19. @bintangAprilian-07: Thanks this is very helpful
  20. @MRSketch09: Great video.. Not trying to double post. But I think I started to comment & FORGOT to hit the button.

Anyways, this was the first vid of 3 vids I watched where it made it clear, that the protein was PER SERVING, and not the ENTIRE CAN... or product.. and that was how it was calculated. 

Thanks for doing this vid!

- Egg Nutrition Facts: Should You Really Eat the Whole Egg?: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Jordan Rubin and welcome to ancient medicine today brought to you by draxe.com the number one Natural Health Website in the world where food is medicine and we're going to talk about a food that is highly medicinal it's also incredible and it's edible and it's an egg and I can tell you that I've been consuming on average 6 to 12 whole eggs for over 20 years people used to say the yolk was bad the yolk is back in fact we're going to talk about egg nutrition should you really eat the whole egg I say emphatically yes and let's tell you why you're going to be shocked how good this little small simple easy to consume food is for you and your family look at these nutrition facts for eggs over six grams of protein and five grams of fats and the fats are in a phospholipid form and you're going to love what that does for your health also while it is high in cholesterol the cholesterol in an egg is great for hormones and it's great for the body you're going to learn soon folks that cholesterol and food does not increase cholesterol in your body in fact for 40 days I went on a diet that included 12 eggs a day and I measured all my blood levels and my total cholesterol went down and my ratio improved so you do not have to worry about eggs and cholesterol but it's loaded with selenium riboflavin look at that vitamin D level that's hard to get in food B12 phosphorus vitamin A folate eggs that you consume from pastured poultry can contains vitamin E and Omega-3s really really amazing look at these benefits from simple eggs and by the way eggs are probably gram per gram the most affordable form of protein and if you're on a Paleo or keto diet they are absolutely the perfect food May reduce the risk of heart disease based on all those nutrients helps prevent overall diseases I believe that those who consume eggs are at a lesser risk of all diseases this is a big one eggs contain lutein eggs contain a form of lutein that might be four times better than supplements and four times better than spinach one of the best plant sources lutein is important for the macula of the eye think macular degeneration lutein is awesome and that's why all of my kids consume eggs virtually every single day eggs can Aid in weight loss by giving you that Dynamic ratio of protein to fat that keto dieters know about brain weight man it's awesome liver function and brain health eggs and their fats which are easy to digest can actually help your liver and phospholipids phosphatidylserine phosphatidylcholine and less a thin boost the brain and healthy skin eggs and their proteins and fats make your skin healthy what do you need to look for on an egg carton organic really important animal welfare approved that typically means the chickens are treated well pastured this is a big one chickens and other poultry that are in pasture they eat some grass but they also eat grubs and those grubs give them more nutrition and more Omega-3s chickens are really awesome I have hens on our heal the planted farm and man they're just amazing we'll get into that a little bit later vegetarian fed now this is one that you want to look for in commercial eggs but I got tell you chickens are not vegetarians they love animal foods but in industrialized poultry Farms you want to look for vegetarian because if they're fed animal byproducts they're usually not that good cage-free means they get to roam a little bit free range is another term for that no added hormones and natural that's probably the weakest of the claim I would say organic and pastured would be the gold standard of eggs you purchase locals even better or get some of your own chickens and you're sure they're going to be healthy gold standard eggs as I mentioned organic raised on pasture rotated daily which is what we do they're protected from predators they eat bugs or grubs grass and in order to get egg production up most producers need to add grain but typically we want soy free and again local farmers with mobile coops allow the chickens to do their job improving soil and producing eggs that improve your health and guess what it's not just chicken eggs I love duck eggs they're a little firmer when you fry them and they fill up a lot of the pan kids love them too row or caviar which are fish eggs probably the most nutrient dense food on the planet you can get turkey eggs you can get goose eggs guinea fowl that's a great poultry pheasant and quail you can see some of the small cool looking pheasant and quail eggs those are all Incredible Edible and good for you in so many ways folks today on Ancient medicine today we're talking about eggs they are good for you the whole egg is good for you you can eat eggs from a multitude of animals and build your health don't buy the LIE the White's not better the yolk is back and the whole egg can transform your health your heart overall disease prevention weight loss healthy skin Eye Health even liver and brain function what are you waiting for go ahead and consume eggs they don't raise cholesterol and in fact they could just transform your health and I bet you know someone folks who believes eggs are bad who believes eggs raise cholesterol I challenge you to send this link to those who don't believe that one of the most powerful Foods on the planet could be one of the most affordable here at ancient medicine today we're on this channel the Dr ax YouTube channel Monday through Friday 10 30 a.m Central Time subscribe so you can be alerted for Our Daily Show and go ahead and check out our over 800 on-demand videos that can transform your health and the health of those you love and by the way sign up for our newsletter draxe.com visit our Facebook page join the millions who are learning how to use food as medicine I'm Jordan Rubin CEO of draxe.com wishing you amazing health hi Dr Axner want to say thanks so much for checking out this YouTube video and also don't forget to subscribe if you want to get more great content on things like herbs essential oils natural remedies and how to use food as medicine also check out more of our content on my YouTube channel thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @manh-haimuller6027 [4 likes]: This needs to be a mandatory subject in schools!!!!
  2. @marcellaflubacher8207 [1 likes]: Keep the yolk, and keep the white if you find it tasty. To me, the yolk is the ‘yummy’.
  3. @Saint724 [1 likes]: Eggs for life!
  4. @solraczevehc3761 [1 likes]: I eat at least 8 eggs a day. Love the cholesterol spike in terms or making sex hormones!!  

Last blood work was awesome with an HDL of 95 !!!
  5. @magesticnature [1 likes]: This man needs his very own YouTube channel too! 🙏
  6. @ryanjohnson4193 [1 likes]: The egg is always blamed they never considered the other foods that have been eaten. I go for days only eating eggs couldn't feel healthier.
  7. @AndyIgnite: Raw eggs are the best!!!
  8. @RandomHuTaoSimp: damn he ate 6-12 ages for over 20 years. that's like 1 egg every few years. What a pro!
  9. @chadgentile4055: 💊THANKS FOR THE RESEARCH
  10. @rebeccahayhurst442: Very helpful!  I notice I feel stronger and my blood sugar more balanced when I eat at least 5 eggs in the morning as a taller woman cooked with lots of vegetables and a bit of fruit on the side.
  11. @laly6980: I am confused now. I signed for Dr. Axe Program and they want me to avoid eggs at all! And here in this video he recommends eggs. I hope Dr. Axe can clarify this .
  12. @Love1isall: Of course you should
  13. @Ghostkeeper: Fertile????????????????????????
  14. @samurai34fix89: What difference does it make if it’s fried in olive oil?
  15. @historyupinsmokecigarchato4036: Ohhhhh I just love you guys. Thanks!!!
  16. @jameshouse2982: This guy didn't cite a single study, which is why I do not trust this video at all
  17. @yianhinsaechao7898: is it better to eat boiled eggs ?!!!
  18. @justimagine2403: Bonk, nope.  2 eggs blows the max Percent Cholesterol a day!
  19. @criticalthinker-vw2yy: Best doctor channel on the internet
  20. @elelolo1049: great content.

- Your Guide to Aquarium Driftwood - What You Need to Know!: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone this is Jason from Prime Time Aquatics thank you so much for being here in today's video we are going to be talking about Driftwood everything you need to know about the most common types of Driftwood we're going to show you what they look like in an aquarium talk about the advantages and disadvantages of each thank you so much for being here hope you enjoy the video so when it comes to Driftwood most of you know that it can be an awesome addition to your aquarium it provides a really natural look for your ecosystem not only that but if if you want the Driftwood to release some tannant give you a little bit of that brown or black water look to your aquarium it can add to that natural look and those tannins are actually antimicrobial and can make your aquarium even healthier the other purpose of Driftwood is that it can sometimes grow biofilms and some of your fish or shrimp or snails like to feed on that so it actually becomes a food source and for some plecos they actually require wood in their diet the other nice thing about Driftwood is if you have an aquarium with a low carbonate hardness KH sometimes Driftwood can be used to actually lower the pH of your environment all right so let's get into it the first type of Driftwood and one I think is most common is this right here this is Malaysian Driftwood this is a mediumsized piece that you see right here usually they look a lot like this sometimes they're a little thicker than this piece is Malaysian driftwood probably the most common that you're going to find in the aquarium hobby now there are some advantages to this a it is common and B in terms of the cost it's going to be some of the least costly Driftwood that we talk about today they also come in some really large pieces and so if you're somebody who has a very very large aquarium Malaysian Driftwood might be for you because it can fill up a lot of space very very quickly the other nice thing about Malaysian Driftwood is tends to water log and sink relatively fast compared to a lot of the other Woods that we're going to talk about in this video and so while some wood when you put it in the tank it will float the Malaysian Driftwood can do that too but if you soak it for a little while especially for smaller pieces if you're able to boil it that's going to allow it to sink a lot faster now there are some downsides to the Malaysian Driftwood one being that this is some of the softer type of wood that we're going to talk about today and it tends to break down in the aquarium a little faster than other types of wood and as far as those tannant go if you're not somebody who likes that blackw look or having Brown tea colored water the Malaysian Driftwood releases more tannin into water than just about any other type of Driftwood we're going to talk about today it also has a tendency to grow that white film on the Driftwood when you put it in usually after a few days but that tends to go away pretty quickly and by the way if you want to know how to get rid of that white fuzzy stuff check out that video in the upper right hand corner as well as in the description below we talk about how to get rid of it now this is all relative of course but as far as Driftwood goes the Malaysian Driftwood tends to be the most blocky the most chunky and possibly the least interesting when it comes to just the overall shape and dimensions next up on the list if you thought the Malaysian Driftwood was okay but you wanted something with a little bit more visual interest check this out this is mopani Driftwood this is also a very common type of Driftwood now advantages you get some really interesting shapes you get some interesting shade variation within the wood as well usually the two sides are going to look very different this is tends to be the less attractive side the mopani is always got an attractive more smooth side and then usually a little bit of a rougher side just like the Malaysian Driftwood there are some rather large pieces of mopani Driftwood that you can buy now it does suffer from some of the same problems that drift wood suffers from and that is when we're talking about all these different types of woods and what looks interesting while it is definitely more interesting looking than Malian Driftwood it can still appear rather chunky now in terms of price usually the mopani is going to be a little bit more expensive than the Malaysian Driftwood it is just as common it's relatively easy to find when it comes to releasing tannant I would say it doesn't release quite as much in the water in regard to the quantity but it's still going to be pretty excessive and right behind the Malaysian Driftwood in terms of tannin release now one thing that I think it does well a little bit more than the Malaysian Driftwood is it does get that white film all over the surface a little bit more than the Malaysian Driftwood does one thing that it does a little bit better than the Malaysian Driftwood is because it's a harder wood it's not going to fall apart nearly as fast so years down the road when your Malaysian Driftwood is kind of broken off into pieces has gotten really kind of soft and you have to remove it from the aquarium the m Driftwood being a harder wood it's not going to break apart quite as easily and again if you want to learn how to add Driftwood to your aquarium safely check out the video in the upper right hand corner we talk about how to make sure that your Driftwood is in good shape before you put it into the aquarium now these next types of woods they're not quite as bulky and chunky in this first one I'm going to give you an example I'm going to show you what this looks like in an aquarium this little guy here is a really good example of Manzanita wood Manzanita is tends to be very spiky very thin very branchy looking this is nice because it can fill up a lot of space in an aquarium without being really large and chunky now with the Manzanita wood a couple of advantages is it does provide a lot of visual interest because you can get different types of pieces you can mix and match them glue them together it works out really well the other cool thing is it has an interesting color where it looks lighter in color when you first put it in an aquarium but once you actually get it in the water it tends to Look a Lot darker now one downside compared to the man or compared to the mopani and the Malaysian Driftwood this stuff tends to float way way more than those heavier types of woods both the mo mopani and the Malaysian Driftwood especially if you soak them or boil them they tend to sink right away with the Manzanita wood it will definitely float unless you boil it or you soak it or you tie it down or glue it to rocks to to make it stay down and that is definitely something that we've had to do in our fish room we either place rocks on top of the wood to keep it down until it gets water loged or we glue it with super glue to rocks to keep it down in the aquarium the other thing with when it comes to the Manzanita wood is you are going to get a considerable amount of that white fuzzy stuff that grows on wood after a few days after putting it in the aquarium again it does go away just keep that mind mananita wood does not release nearly as many tannins into the water as both the and the Malaysian and the mopani Driftwood does however it can be costly so keep that in mind as well when you're looking for mans andita wood it can cost a little bit more than the Malaysian and the mopani other thing to keep in mind is the mansan wood head does have sharp edges and so if you're going to be putting this in an aquarium where you've got fish that are going to be really really fast swimmers or with long fins this may not be the best option for you next one up on the list and that is is this spiderwood I love this type of wood it is one of my favorites on the list just full disclosure and I love it because to me it has the most interesting shape you've got these long parts that stick out you've got some thicker regions of this type of wood and I absolutely love that contrast you can put a lot of these together glue them together glue them to rocks and get some really really interesting shapes out of spiderwood now this is a lighter colored wood that once again will turn darker once it gets into the aquarium just like the Manzanita it does have that white growth after you put it in the aquarium you definitely going to want to sink to sink this stuff you're definitely going to want to float it or boil it just because it does tend to float and so again gluing it to rocks or placing rocks on top of the wood will help keep it down until it gets water locked once it does not a problem it does not release a whole lot of tannins into the aquarium so similar to Manzanita it's not going to turn your water nearly as brown although all Driftwood will turn your water Brown to a certain extent if you don't boil it or soak it first but the Manzanita and the spiderwood does that less so one of the main things I love about this wood is you can crack off pieces you can cut off little pieces just to make the wood fit however you want it to and like I said visually speaking it is some of the more interesting wood that is out there today now there are some there are some sharper edges to this wood it's not quite as bad as the mananita but it is something to keep in mind again if you've got fish that like to Panic or they spook easily or they're really super active or you've got long finned fish the other thing I like about this wood is if you have larger aquariums because you can put multiple pieces together it can fill a lot of volume without having that chunky blocky look a lot like the Manzanita wood does now something to keep in mind we've talked about Malaysian Driftwood and how that falls apart and gets softer over time the mopani is a harder wood that doesn't do that the Manzanita and the spiderwood to a certain extent some of these smaller pieces might get soft and brittle over time and start to fall off I don't think it's nearly as bad as the man is the uh Malaysian Driftwood but it is something to keep in mind sometimes you'll lose a couple of these branches they just might crack off over time next on the list and I find this to be very interesting wood and especially if you've got larger tanks you can get larger pieces this is ghostwood you can see again here it's a lighter type of wood that will turn darker once you put it in the aqu Now ghostwood is really cool because you get these larger thicker pieces and so in some ways it's kind of like a mix between the size and the bulkiness of a Malaysian or a mopani but it gives you the branching patterns often of let's say a Manzanita or a spiderwood couple things though one it does release some tannins into the water but I don't think nearly as much as pretty much anything else on the list so if you're looking for a wood that is going to keep your water least impacted by by tannant ghostwood might be a really great option for you second thing is it's still a relatively harder wood even though it has branching patterns and so that's nice it doesn't fall apart as quickly there is going to be a considerable amount of white growth on the Driftwood after you add it but again that will usually go away after a couple of weeks another thing to consider is it does float fairly easily especially for a wood its size of all the woods that we talk about I would say this one is actually the most challenging to keep submerged in the tank and there's a couple reasons for that one is a larger piece of wood so it's a little bit harder to soak and certainly harder to boil to water lock it to keep it in the tank two once you've got it situated and you start filling up the tank it is really important to either weigh it down with rocks or glue it to rocks and glue it to each other to try to keep it in place but because it is so large and it has a tendency to float sometimes if you don't use enough glue it will break off and you'll have a big piece of wood floating in your tank and that can be rather annoying so just keep in mind when you put the ghostwood in your aquarium it's really important make sure you've glued it to rock make sure you've weighed it down or really water logged it because this wood other unlike any other wood that we talk about will probably have the highest tendency to float now this next type of wood pound forp pound might be the most expensive wood that we talk about in this video and that is the bonsai tree or the Bonsai wood really cool looking right I mean there's a ton of Interest here you can get these in larger pieces although typically they stay on the smaller side but these can get expensive in a hurry a piece like this sometimes goes for3 or $40 and this if you all you had in here was just this piece you'd be lucky to fill a five gallon and make it look proportional so uh really good wood if you've got that three gallon 5 gallon and even a 10 gallon work just fine or if you want like a maybe like an accent piece of wood and a 20 long this can work but really expensive now some things uh one it is it does have a thicker portion so just boiling this or floating or soaking it for a while should get it to sink pretty decently second thing is in terms of releasing tannin typically it doesn't release a lot of tannins again all wood is going to release some tannins into the water to make it appear a little bit more Brown this wood I would say does that to a minimal extent next thing to consider is you have a lot of sharp EDG here on this bonsai tree and so be careful again with fast moving fish and also fish with long fins because they could get injured on all of these sharper edges what a lot of people like to do with this wood is cover it with Java moss and make it look like a tree from a forest you get a bunch of these together and it can have a really cool impact on your aquarium this is a great wood for shrimp as well they like to crawl throughout all of these little crevices and areas here so that's pretty awesome you are going to like I said you're going to get some white growth on this wood it's not nearly as bad as what you see with some of the other wood that we've already talked about today next one on the list and that's this choya wood here this is really cool and so choya wood usually is an accent piece it's not something that you would usually use as a large Center piece uh for your Aquascape but often this is just a piece that is kind of just laying on the substrate or kind of in the background a little bit it's got all these little holes here and so for shrimp Keepers this is really important because smaller shrimp shrimplets they can go in here and hide often there's biofilms that grow on here that are really important for shrimp and snails they can consume especially if you're breeding fish uh the fry will sometimes go in here seek protection and also they again feed on the biofilms in here this wood is almost guaranteed to float it's one of the floatiest woods if you will out there so definitely if you want this stuff to sink go ahead and soak it or boil it uh it will release some tannins it's not exessive but it does release tannin so again if you want to minimize that blow uh boil it or uh float it for a while to get some of those tannin out ahead of time it's a very cheap wood in terms of Price It's relatively inexpensive and so all the from all the wood that we've talked about today this is probably going to be on the cheaper end and so maybe you're somebody who's got primarily plants or rocks and you just want to add a little bit of wood this might be a really nice option for you it comes in lots of different sizes you can get them anywhere from around 4 in and then you've got the larger pieces like this and I've actually seen them much thicker and much wider where you could actually have some Nano cichlids use them as caves for potentially spawning so uh there is a wide variety of sizes now if there's a downside to the choya wood it does break down relatively rapidly I would say of all the wood types that we've talked about today the Cho wood probably breaks down the fastest and so this is not a wood that you're going to throw in your tank in five or six years from now expect it to still be there usually by that point it's broken down you might still have little chunks of the wood left over but it's probably not going to look like this there is one other type of wood that I want to mention in this video because from time to time it appears in some pet stores and it's really a wood that is more appropriate for a lizard setup than it is a fish tank and that is grape vine grap Vine is a very interesting wood and I think that's why people really are drawn to it they want to put that in an aquarium because it's got that nice twisty shape to it it's a very interesting pattern however it releases an excessive amount of organic materials I had The Misfortune of putting grape vine in an Aquascape at aquacell one time and the tank was absolutely destroyed it was extremely stressful because we put the grape vine in there not realizing that it was going to be such a big problem the next morning I had a whole bunch of fish that were all gasping for air at the top the tank was really really cloudy it wasn't tanon stained it was just had a white milky appearance I did an 80% water change I had to do that three times the next day just to keep those fish alive and then another two times the following day on that Sunday Grapevine is just not a wood that I would recommend putting in an aquarium even when you soak it it still releases a lot of organic compounds it takes available oxygen away from fish and it is a just a bad idea in general so if you see that at a pet store again I would just use that for maybe a palarum you might use that for lizards in a in a enclosure but not something I would necessarily put in an aquarium people always ask can you put driftwood from a lake or a river into your aquarium and my response always is risk versus reward there could be bacteria there could be pathogens on that wood that you will now be introducing into your aquarium that your fish you've never been exposed to that could be a potential nightmare so for me personally I don't take driftwood directly out of a lake or a river and put it in my aquarium I just don't think it's worth the risk there are lots of other types of woods out there not all of them are safe these are the most common most popular types of Driftwood that you can put in your aquarium would love to hear from you in the comments section below what are your favorites and if you want more information about how to care for driftwood and how to prep it check out that video in the upper right hand corner we talk about how to get that white fluffy stuff off of Driftwood and then the lower right hand corner how to prep it before you put it in your aquarium thank you so much for being here we'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrimeTimeAquatics [9 likes]: Here are the video referenced in this video:
How to Prepare Driftwood for Your Aquarium: https://youtu.be/DWQEvi1ib2U?si=lTBtdtTe8ku_slnw
How to Remove White Growth From Driftwood: https://youtu.be/5tyBK3WL-bY?si=JFPaZn8y_zwuGOoV
How Does Driftwood IMpact pH: https://youtu.be/-UTE7a85rrU?si=lW7TESrU8cbNAQZW

Our new shirts can be found at: https://www.primetimeaquatics.com/merch 

Want to become a Prime Timer and see behind the scenes fish room videos? Consider becoming a member: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCYVN7EN0ALL6CE4U7NpMUTA/join 

Do you want a subscription to the best fish magazine in the world? Check this out - a special offer for Prime Time Aquatics viewers! https://www.amazonasmagazine.com/primetime

For the latest short form content check us out on:
Instagram: primetime_aquatics 
Facebook: primetimeaquatics1
Tiktok: primetime_aquatics
  2. @ob876: Only driftwood available for aquariums in stores near me in quebec is eucalyptus. Found a sick one that i have done a bonsai with
  3. @Tankedup101: I wonder how many fish keepers wonder about the properties of their bog-wood. And that is soaks up an awful lot of water.. and that water must contain beneficial bacteria.. this could be a massive amount. When I cycle a new tank.. I place a good sized piece of mature bog-wood for my other tank.. I have noticed over the years that it really does help speed up the process of the cycling.
  4. @MrBurnics: Hey quick question is there any driftwood that will float forever or will all of them sink in time
  5. @cm3462: really great overview, thank you
  6. @carolyn.schroeder29926: This was crazy helpful.  Thank you!
  7. @markcox8956: Very informative video. Have listened and learned a great amount of information about all the different types
  8. @joseeblondin6597: thank you so much i just bought a 60 P your information are so important , a love Manzanita wood but cannot get it in Montreal so probably will go with spider wood
  9. @TheDon-j4q: Love spiderwood...it's my favorite.
  10. @AnthonyThompson-q1q: Myself i use spider wood and glue weeds to it
  11. @Beepbeep_its_treasure: Your tanks look incredible!❤
  12. @belovedride: I love the look of Ghostwood and have had them in two of my tanks.  However, they constantly put out this fungus, even after removing from the tank and cleaning them.  Literally nasty, greyish-blue swirling stuff.  I gave up on it as it was over a year of cleaning them every month.
  13. @NewAquariumHobby: Hello friend, its umair from pakistan. my tank is 90 gal with 35 gal sump its ph is going high at 8.6 even my tap water ph is 8.0 after changing 80 % water ph goes to 8.5. i added sphagnum mass 200 g no effect, guava driftwood no effect, then mix 10 ml phosphoric acid in 20 gal water separately its ph reduced to 4.5 then i kept it for 3 days and after 3 days added 4 gal water of 4.5 ph in my tank tank ph reduced to 7.3 but after 12 hr it comes again 8.5 now can u guide me what is the issue why ph not come down. i hv geophagus and electric blue fishes they need less ph. difficult to bring RO water as no RO plant near me any other option to reduce PH.
  14. @kunknown2340: What about mesquite
  15. @justinalumbaugh5981: What super glue is aquarium safe
  16. @yunggprince._: If I put moss on it. Would that cushion some of those sharp edges? Or could I just cut some of them
  17. @Florida_gyrl: That cholla wood killed my betta fish. Never using that thing ever again.
  18. @bigtimebarbecue5188: That was a cool video!😊 aquariums are beautiful Thank you👍🏻
  19. @williambuckley1185: Great learning video , thank you.
  20. @ReeferOffcial: where do i get it from

- Shime Saba - Traditional Japanese Recipe for Sushi: Kind: captions Language: en to another episode of hero Yuki Diaries of Master sushi chef hero how are you very good good afternoon good afternoon to you here what do we got going in the kitchen today uh today we're going to make a ma that we call SAA shim SAA okay the shim SAA which mean like uh which you can see the market probably you guys already seen before uh this is uh already pre-made and then ready to ready to eat usually coming with a Frozen uh the process is you canut into the Mac into the filet and then uh put the salt and wait uh 6 to 7 6 to 7 hours then after you wash it with water and after you put into vinegar about the 35 to 40 minutes okay so that's the process it's very simple process so today we're going to make one with the uh this uh style of the fet and another one is uh it's probably not too popular in here but uh uh in Japan and especially my hometown we have another different type of the mar of sushi uh actually this one with a head to tail and a head on and a tail on uh we're going to cut a different way and open up and tail the B and then the same process in salt and ban that's we call sugata suata is it's kind of whole whole fish uh so we're going to do two different way okay so today first we're going to do a ma cre clean up mararo and one is a filet one is a hole and then first I'm going to Lin him and after I going to clean the so and 6 to 7 hour later and go to Next Step okay excellent and should we show some of the ingredients we have so there's are of course Main Ingredients here we have a okay I have a four piece over here and then uh faster step we are going to into the salt and then after that go to the rice vinegar rice vinegar okay yes and then rice vinegar the moment I'm going to use a little bit of com kup Dash K okay M so okay ready excellent let's begin okay first I'm going to do a two going to uh cut into the filet uh first step I going to cut off the head and open up and then F lining and after going to the F so first take off the head um some people do this way and this way and then go that or either you can go one shot straight down and then you can see from here to all way top cut open and then take it out to the inside then cuts open little bit in the middle I need to in out all this these things what we talked about the last time to strike the bone so you get rid of it so when you cook it The Taste I'm going to go a little bit different way this way got this and then just cut it this one and then going show this way way take out and open up these things and that's let me see the inside there's not much in there huh yeah this is a eggs okay inside we can't use the eggs for anything uh you can cook EG s too okay yeah okay now I going to this inside [Music] going to cut into the fil okay first we going to uh actually I going to show this way go to the side and then go back go this way one way this [Applause] I'm going to do one more and then this one I going to do a little bit different way I'm going to do a here once okay next one you turn around and then go this one here and then you go this way down go this and the toning that's it okay it's quite simple it looks like yep it's very easy okay okay it and then now are there any worms in this is it possible uh yes sometime you have to see it especially in the in the stomach area and any of you missed our previous menu we posted a few months ago that fish had a lot of worms so next step I'm going to take off the this uh uh how they call the ribs ribs and this one okay that's it okay is here okay what's next okay so next step actually going to be salted but uh before and Anyway by the way uh another B actually in in the center right here mhm but this one uh after you know this uh uh salt and and the vinegar then after you can take after then we're going to take it off with the Twitter okay so next step I'm going to put in the salt on the F okay I'm going to put use this container for I'm going to put this one here and this one here I'm going to do T each I'm going to do s all over turn over and both side you can put the LT after we going to wash with the water fast anyway now how long do you leave it like this for here uh we're going to do uh this uh this is not too thick so I'm going to do a 5 to 6 hours at least okay can you do longer than five or 6 hours uh it depend of the you know the size of the mar two some Mar Bigg and the take okay so it's going to take a little more longer and the one I used to do a mar more bigger one when I was in ja I used to do almost every day every night overnight keeping the salt and the next day we're going to wash it and then 40 minutes in the v that's okay the hold on take a little little more longer okay and then I'm going to keep into the this container do same for this one more okay this good and then this one keep in the cooler for 5 6 hours okay all right very good okay so this one we move into a next step it has after wash out to the Macar here so next step I'm going to put into the ma move into this container again and then I'm going to add the rice of vinegar all over and soak into uh uh 30 minutes to 35 minutes okay and then doesn't matter how much oh just a soaking all all the way so it covers the top cover up yeah cover up okay very good okay put the vinegar and then after we're going to put the a little seaweed like that and then 30 minutes 30 minutes okay perfect keep in the C uh after 35 minutes actually uh the F of the uh Macar the into the vinegar this process is done so now I going to pick up marar from the vinegar then take out the V out and then picking up the uh skin one more things uh this one has a bone in in the center so this one I going to pick it up with the T then this one this fish ready to go um you can see the in here some of the pieces are very hard to picking up sometime you just use your finger to touch it and if it's yeah touch it and then you can feelit it and just go like that and then I'm picking up and the lines up some of you have asked where to get these tweezers you know on Amazon you know just look up um fish filet tweezers yeah okay oh this one's a little bit too tough I'm sure you don't hear that's rain coming down oh look ATA typical Miami AC Miami few length of weather wait 5 minutes it's going to clear up okay okay so this one to to use for the sushi or either serving like a Sashimi style okay so um oi sushi I'm going to uh last time I was using cut into the half then half of that so this one also you can use the for the sushi you can you can cut thisi and then uh you're going to ready for okay can you do one here is that possible this yeah do do a couple maybe just to show the viewers at home rice is still a little bit too I just made this rice a little bit too soft too soft it's not very yeah light is a little soft yeah too too soft to so I should wa a little bit more okay yeah I think this possible be better done little later okay well here thank you so much yeah thank you very much that's how you make that sa this is just a process to shim SAA okay very standard one so and you can you can change a little bit vinegar uh you can add a little bit user juice or something sure okay now if you at home have any questions please uh comment below and uh Chef will get back too thank you so much thank you very much bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @norakat [3 likes]: I'd use less vinegar and just keep flipping it. What a waste.
  2. @mosesjurassic3686 [1 likes]: I am very surprised to see a japanese chef using these low quality mackerels. They are way too old or were frozen. Fresh mackerels have bright pink and (relatively) firm flesh.
  3. @mousam5902: I don’t think he knows how to handle this kind of fish. It’s a failed dish.
  4. @MosesMLam: Interesting recipe. Most I've found calls for only 40 mins of salt or so while this one calls for 5-6 hours. Wondering if the method in this video is common? Gemini seems to refer to this as a very old school method before refrigeration was reliable. I'll try both and compare.
  5. @ANGLER81: Why is your mackarel so pale like already cooked??? Shouldn't the flesh be a bit red like tuna?
  6. @watrgrl2: I could be wrong but those Look like previously frozen fish not fresh . It’s too soft and mushy and the flesh color is pale. The skin is discolored with yellow patches.
  7. @joterojeda: Well done ... big boy
  8. @woklam342: i like.his vido because real not edit till perfect . just to soft and he admit.was not that.good
  9. @idee7896: I love this
  10. @mohammadmobassir2363: What Deba knife did he use in the video
  11. @ecao86: damn he kinda f&ucked that up
  12. @guineboud1347: cozy rainy day
  13. @XiadaniLicarayen: starting a go fund me so chef can afford spare salt 😭 anything helps
  14. @dennisgonzalez6454: The only thing I noticed  in this video,
The makarel is left for too long on salt.
I've seen other master sushi chefs doing only 1 or 2 hours max and the makarel comes out red fresh and not over dry like the ones on this video.
Good to see the different timing used by different sushi chefs for sushi and sashimi procedures
  15. @chrisk.769: How long can the prepared fish be kept in the fridge?
  16. @paulbonge6617: Mackerel has a flesh that is easily broken and becomes very dry and pasty if salted and vinegared too long.  In my opinion 5-6 hours is too long.  You will find some sushi chefs that prepare their own and salt for about 1-2 hours MAX and vinegar about 45 minutes to 1 hour and once the filet is wet from vinegar, wrap carefully with vinegar dampened paper towels, wrap in kitchen film and refrigerate for 1 hour.
  17. @strangeperson700: Rinse my inside just like that Hiro San! ^__^
<3
  18. @kawings: this preparation uses up half a can of salt and 1 full bottle of vinegar. What a huge waste or resources. Since the chef going to wash the salt away, why not brine the fish into a salt solution instead? Brine would not even need to consume 2 tablespoon of salt.
  19. @DwnTheRabbitHoleO: Just a thought I think cost wise it would be better to vac pack the fish with vinegar that way it doesn't take as much to cover the surface area
  20. @mr.timjohnston546: MACKEREL DO NOT HAVE F#$%^&*( WORMS YOU TW#$%^&*()

- Saba Bank documentary 2016: Kind: captions Language: en the Sabre bank provides a habitat for a number of different species Caribbean fisheries are important to the Netherlands because they are imported to the Caribbean elements so we've been running several programs now to actually get an idea what the current status of the efficient fisheries or the saver bank it's about profiting from it and to make it available to sustain livelihood see on the island why is this research important to saver why is this research going to benefit them in the future any vessel from any neighbor islands are not allowed to fish on si the bank commercially or recreationally without a license [Music] the Sabre bank is a is a coral atoll consisting of a seamount rising from the sea floor around a thousand meters of depth it's got a flat top and but it's fringed with the coral reef surrounding the edges in geological terms the Sailor Bank is the largest submerged sea mount in the Atlantic actually with an area of about 2,400 square kilometers so it's a fairly huge area it's a really special area and not just special for the same for say before the I love the Sabre but also for the region because of its uniqueness because of its richness in biodiversity but also because all those animals and plants that are living on it they reproduce they produce eggs and larvae and those eggs and larvae spread around the whole region it's an important fishing ground for the spiny Caribbean lobster because that's where it mainly lives on those depths but it's also an important fishing ground for the edges of the bank where they fish for redfish mainly snappers back in the early nineteen hundred's when the Saban's went out fishing and sailing they had to row out of the bank nowadays they have these motor boats but at that time you can imagine these fishermen just growing miles and miles to go to the bank and start fishing there the whole day and fishing is not a light thing to do I mean whole your nets and your traps and your lines and it's it's heavy work might be fishing probably for about eight years since they got out to high school so it was like a family operation me my dad and my brother there's a difficult job a hard life early mornings a lot of work do you work for yourself and you're not working for somebody else no he's roughly do like 80 to 90 drops of this lots of traps and we just do 29 breakfast traps because very little number it's kind of constant some years it went down really bad too at one point every day we were known again eating lapses I went to a dramatic fall but now is really good fishing that'd be the last three years we've done a research mainly on fisheries to see what what amounts are being caught which species we looked at length length frequency maturity bycatch things like that but we also looked at lionfish sharks marine mammals if you look at the the fishery it has been quite stable for the last couple of years so we don't see any dramatic increases or decreases and but overall what we see is that in the last couple of years for example the catches have been lowered and some of the historical information that we have from 2007 and mm the say Burbank fish is actually contributed quite a significant part of the economy here in the end there the population on ceiba is not that high and there's not that many fishermen but still sort of percentage-wise it provides a significant source of income and source of labor to the island the Caribbean fisheries are important to Holland because they're important to the Caribbean Netherlands and if you look at the save a bank it's very important for the people of Saveur my oldest son shibungi he's 15 years old and he had been going fishing since he was like maybe like three years old then I have an ex son well his name is Jamal and he is also love fisherman and the lost passion he loves like especially trialing loves to go trawling my name is Jamal and I'm 11 years old I like to go fishing on the Sabre bank with my father we do go to do redfish lobsters crawling and we did catch like wha who mahi and yellowfin tuna sometimes back in 2000 when we first started to really count what was coming in from catches and it was the first time anybody really looked into what the fishermen were bringing in and we found that their annual catches of lobsters and that time only a little bit of a few redfish came to more than a million dollars a year for like in beginning like when he first started the catch was a lot more so now was like I still have fish in the bank you know but depends on exactly where do you go about like sometimes now it was like we have a good catch was a lot less than years ago so the older fisherman's also noticed so that's why they all agree to that the redfish they got last through all the years so they have agreed upon themselves that it'll be better for everybody and for the future generations that my sons don't want to be fisherman's that they just closed the bank for redfish for a couple of months and the fish could be produced and get more fish before the fish get depleted the idea of the silver bank is that we want to protect it as a resource for sustainable use it doesn't mean that we just closed it off altogether for conservation it's about profiting from it and to make it available to sustain livelihood see on the island it's important to protect the say of a bank because we have like my children they have other people children like my water got fish on the bank and if we keep it overfishing it they will have no fish left and then we have to protect the efficient environment also like the fish the coral because everything has a action have a reaction so it's got to protect it because we can't over fish it to have good legislation you need good data you need for good data you need research you need to have you need to know what's out there if your stocks are going up or going down to be able to take certain management decisions so we've been get an idea what the current status is of the efficient fisheries on the Sabre bank now that information is actually the baseline information we'll provide a basis for developing a management plan the civil bank management unit consists of two people the captain of the boat and he handles all the maintenance the running of the queen beatrix then we also have the same advanced science officer and that's the person who coordinates all the trips going out to the Sabre bank or handling any of the contact work but also being mediator between the fishermen and the Conservation Foundation now we have traps on the save a bank and these are to find out what is the right escape slot so the little fish can actually get out and this is important because this is going to promote sustainable fisheries for the future one of the Mars projects that we get to collaborate on is actually the acoustic loggers that are currently sitting out on the save a bank we have two designated spots for these loggers and during this time they're actually picking up any sounds on the save of Bank boats moving by marine mammals fish calls it doesn't matter it's picking it up and the same a bank management unit our job is to actually install them maintain them and take them out when it's time one of the projects that's been going on for a few years now is the shark tagging we've started on the same Marine Park and now we've moved on to the Sabre bank the shark tagging project includes setting down receivers onto the Sabre bag that means doing a dive and actually placing the receiver on the ground then after that we have to actually fish for the Sharks bring him on board then we have to tag the shark by inserting an acoustic telemetry device and then we stitch it back up and set the shark free after a while we will go back down collect the receivers and actually pick up any migration patterns of the Sharks a project that was inspired by the fishermen here on ceiba was to monitor the red hind during their spawning time on the moon fish Bank it's been closed off now for three years and it will be closed off for two more years we go down we do why trans X and then this includes during the transact to estimate the length of the red hein and to also look at the seafloor and see actually if it's rubble sand or if there's you know boulders also giant barrel sponges and this all comes together into forming the data that we need to present to the fishermen one day over the past year and a half I've actually got to do a good bit of diving on the Sabre bank and I think it's very important to say that the same of bank has been damaged due to the tankers that were passing over the same bank and they're a big anchors just dragging across the ground this has caused a lot of damage to the corals barrel sponges start of very prominent on the Sabre bank but there's also beautiful spots the go ship on the same Bank is truly an oasis it is isolated it is ghost-like and it is a spot for creatures there back in the early 2000s and 90s and 80s with the oil terminal Anastasia there were many many many tankers using the bank as easy anchoring grounds to wait for oil to reach the rice right price and to find a good buyer or seller and then they would move on and tankers would sometimes anchor on the bank for months at a time we measure this for a number of years and we found that there were about an average of 20 to 30 tankers every year they were anchoring on the bank we looked at those anchors while the tankers were wrinkling there and you can imagine the those big tankers they have anchors that are like 10 feet high that way I don't know 20 tons so these anchors are connected to the ships with big chains and those chains have links that maybe weigh a hundred pounds per link and those chains are 100 200 300 meters long and you can mention that they don't run from the anchor straight up to the ship but they ran along they run along the bottom up to the ship and sometimes 100 and 200 meters are lying on the bottom and if you know what ships do when they are on anchor they swing on their anchor they run with the currents in the wind and they just make these pendular movements and while they're doing that the chain which weighs tons is just moving across the bottom as a bulldozer and it basically removes anything that sticks out of the bottom in in an area that's 100 with 100 meter radians destroys the area completely anything corals Punishers even rocks that stick up are completely pulverized it's like a bulldozer just raising everything you can imagine that all the life that is there is very important to the lobsters that live there and to the fish that live there so one of the first things that we needed to do was to stop that and that was done through the International Maritime and basically in 2010 there was finally this recognition and we were able to put a law in place that prohibited anchoring and then two years later the IMO also agreed that ships were also not allowed to pass over the bay at that same time we established a sabre Bank as a national park this was done because we enabled us to prohibit the anchoring and in the future put other regulations in place also the IMO the the PSSA status the particularly sensitive sea area status there's only 13 PSSA in the world so it's quite quite a distinction for say about two for the sable bank to be recognized as once the only other one in the Caribbean the PSA in the Caribbean is the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary oh and us-cuban protect area which is also pssh so that's three only in the Caribbean including the Sabre Bank in Holland it's the Wadden say is also purchasing so we're in good company the world is watching actually yes the safe bank is the the most regulated fishing zone I'm seeing around here first of all only the fishing boat from Sabre are allowed to fish on a safe bank even a boat from Sabre and they need a license to do so any vessel from any neighbor islands Samaritan station gates Guadeloupe Martinique any neighbor islands around here are not allowed to fish on a sailor bank commissioning or recreationally without a license period for the first offender we detained the boat so we can bring them into port I wants me in the port we're gonna call the police and the persecutor we're gonna talk to the captain and then the prosecutor will decide decide how high is gonna be defined and then we're gonna confiscate the fish for a second defender of turret or fourth one we will do almost the same we also detained about Brennaman we call a police and a persecutor but the particular can decide if they're gonna confiscate the boat yes or no I like what I do I mean I like to help comfort me what I'm doing and make sure that that the law is been handled the very supposed to be and then for everybody that brings a law I'm hope I can be there to catch them and to tell them they're not supposed to do it this way they gotta do the other way especially if you're working with other nature foundation solid that you help protect the waters from savers and Martin and station I mean there's a pretty good job that you could wake up every morning and you'd be helpful to do the Sabre bank is a resource for the fisherman's livelihood it is important to keep it going but it's also important to create sustainable fisheries so there's fish for the fishermen but we still maintain a balanced healthy marine ecosystem the goal of course is is to have the fisheries that is so important to the economy be sustainable so that it doesn't end in five years or in 10 years and the island suddenly finds itself without that source of income you want to have a level of fisheries that will ensure that in 20 years you can still fish on the bank and you can still catch lobsters and redfish there that's that's the end goal I want to take after my father like with a fishing business and I love I love to go fishing so that I want to be a fisherman that's one of my options and if I go fishing I would do like the same thing well he does like lobsters redfish different stuff later let's say Burbank has been designated or identified as a biodiversity hotspot in the Caribbean so it's an area of very particular interest and it's not just that we have responsibility to the savings or the carbon you know the Netherlands it's a responsibility for the entire world Oh you

  Top Comments:
  1. @rdhaughton: 🤗
  2. @Rocio1988: All the best for the well-being of nature.🌍🌎🌏
  3. @johnciliberto2942: The traps could be made of 2×2 mesh to let the smaller fish out that is the regulation in puerto rico it works well and you still catch plenty of fish

- Saba's Lobster Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] well first of all Saba's Caribbean spiny Lobster is extremely special not only because of its yummy taste but because of its Behavior I mean it uses this great big place and why would it come to Saba and not another Island well there's more to tell on that one this Saba bank is the third largest submerged at to in the Atlantic did you know that it is extremely special and why is it also so special well it's one of the fishing grounds for our Saba fishermen it has a lot of culture it has a lot of history and most importantly because of this fishing ground it provides a migration route for the Caribbean spiny Lobster so that's why they're coming to the saber Bank as well and yeah there's a lot of ground to play on saber fisherman historically have always had a sustainable practice and not necessarily because they've been told so it's been Instinct the mothers who have eggs and made sure they're not to take them or harvest them so that's a sustainable practice which is really important and ensuring that you know the smaller lobsters can be released well the future of saas uh fishery with a lobster heavily depends on okay how are fishermen doing how is the lobster doing most importantly and I think if we connect those study those and make sure that they continue their sustainable practices we can ensure that it remains on the menu hi my name is Tom brocker and I'm a park officer for the saber Bank management unit which is part of the saber conservation foundation so lobst are actually quite good for the underwater climate um so they feed on macroalgae and macro alga are of course in competition with coral reefs so as soon as they Grace the macro alga away coral reefs have more space to grow uh which is quite good they're very important for the food chain so they basically feed on the smaller crustations and keep those populations in check and they're also a very important food source for like sharks uh and bigger fish pieces and next to that they also create Burrows and holes in the in the on the saber Bank uh which other species can also use for uh to avoid predation basically as shelter so basically lobs start out as an aaral stage where they uh basically float around in the water column as Plankton until they're big enough to settle uh and after settlement they basically settle in like a a bed of macroalgae where they avoid predation from bigger fish uh and after they get through that phase and they get about to that size probably uh they will move into a creace or a shelter uh where they will continue to grow grow for 2 years until they reach adulthood and after adulthood they can start making baby lobsters so of course the famous Lobster that everyone knows I would say it's the main lobster that with has big claws and they have shorter antenna uh but when we look at the lobsters over here they don't have those big claws and they have only very tiny little claws uh they don't have or they have way larger antennas to feel around with um and yeah they have a different habitat uh they get different age they taste different even so there's a bunch of differences so when it comes to the saber Bank the lobster Fisheries U they need to have at least a 95 mm carus length and that means that the length of the shell needs to be at least 95 mm and that's measured from between the ice to till the back of the shell uh next to that you can also not take pregnant females or basically females with eggs uh as soon as you take those out of the water and you see like the orange little eggs in the back you have to throw it back into the water and in general I would say that the saber Fishman comply with it and so after 2013 when the saber Bank was established as a national park they stopped doing that and then the ls regulations got into place my name is atin it's my dad Ivan we've been fishing phop I get like 23 years my do over 40 my first experience was when we start fishing and cashing lobsters maybe 40 50 lobsters for day that was a a lot of them them years working on my dad as an experience saw the drops goinging up with my dad and start I liked it last 4 years I'm probably been fishing constantly for Lots but on the first years we only fish couple of months and then we stop but after we started fishing constantly like almost 40 years now that's very important for the for the livelihood and for the selling some Mar our biggest market like Supply keeps we going all year around and we can do good it's important to but we sell more lot you have hand Bo a couple of hundred kilos a couple of thousand kilos or more a year got many thousand kilos a year they have like maybe three to four different type of traps uses and bit wise we use usually is cowhide oh some guys use Square traps some days is slow some days it's great we love to see the great days my favorite Lobster dish has two aspects to it first of all my father used to be a lobster fisherman which is very special to me and he used to make me um the baked lobster fish and just coat it in garlic bottle and for me that's the best M if I would have to choose one dish it would probably be a good lobster pasta because I love pasta my life wife l a c like a curry Lobster I love that I like a lober me just boil it take it out on the shell squeeze lime on it and eat it just like that that's really dishy me I don't have lot to Dish I love SE Cel Sal be sure to tast sa's delicious spiny Lobster 17 different restaurants across the island this rum and Lobster Fest from November 6th to the 12th

  Top Comments:
  1. @bonniemintun6384 [2 likes]: Very informative!
  2. @henryi7189 [1 likes]: PromoSM 😋

- Faces of Saba | Alwin: Kind: captions Language: en Get embraced [music] by this is a very unique island especially in Holland. >> Most beautiful nature in the Caribbean >> and let the beautiful sea surprise you. >> Extraordinarily beautiful island. [music] >> Unbelievable. You got to come see it to believe. >> I'm Owen Hooka. I work for Vanalstein University of Applied Science and Vahing University and we're here at the Sabre Research Center in the Fort Bay on Sabre. So if we look right outside here, we see the ocean and we see the the reefs and uh my job is all about restoring those reefs. So, we're doing research here at the Sabre Research Center to find new approaches to reef [music] restoration. Uh, coral reefs are super beautiful and we have a lot of those around Sabre and on the Sabre bank, but they're also highly threatened and one of the problems we have here is [music] that the corals get overgrown with algae. The algae compete with the corals and they also prevent juvenile corals from settling. we actually have way too much of those um algae and that's because we don't have enough fish and [music] sea urchins and crabs that eat the algae. So what we do here at the Saber Research Center, we try to cultivate those species. So mostly sea urchins and crabs and also [music] whelks, marine snails, um to be able to put them out on the reefs so they can graze away the algae and corals have a higher chance to survive and to grow and to keep the reefs beautiful as [music] we like them. Working here on Saba gives the fantastic opportunity to have the marine lab in the back and the reefs right there. So what I like most about my jobs is to be able to combine the aquaculture lab aspect that we have here in the lab where we culture the organisms and can [music] do all kind of experiments and ecological work that we do out there where we study why the reefs are threatened and how or intervention methods actually can help restoring the corals. So that's what I like most about my job, the combination of being outside and inside [music] here. I believe my work is very important for the coral reefs around Saba and in the bigger Caribbean region uh because they are so threatened that they need restoration approaches and a lot of our uh ecosystem services are dependent on healthy core reefs. [music] So ecosystem services are things how we as humans benefit from the ecosystem. So those can for example be [music] fisheries, tourism, uh coastal protection. The the reefs actually break the the the swell the the waves before they hit the shore. Um and all those functions are um better [music] uh represented by a or better maintained by a healthy core reef. So my work in that way also impacts tourism on Saba because because of our work we try to keep the reefs as healthy as we can and we work together with local partners like the Sabre conservation foundation uh also C Saba uh the dive organization and the uh public entity of Sabre. So fun fact about Saba is it unique biodiversity above the water and also underwater. For example, in our terrestrial ecosystems, we have an iguana species that only uh lives here on Saba, and we have small anols that only live here. Uh underwater, the biodiversity is also really unique. [music] Um you never know what you'll find. We have the smallest crabs that you [music] yeah find a few place in the Caribbean, but you also have chances of seeing hbeck wheels or even hammerheads. It's all there. You just have to be very lucky.

- Faces of Saba: Joshua Holm: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] welcome the saber guys my name is Joshua Hol commercial fisherman I'm doing it uh most of my life uh basically I haul traps all day commercial fishing we bait the traps we go all them once a week uh get lobsters thing I like most about my job is peaceful you're on the Ocean by yourself it's hland tra my job in fact saers tourism well we Supply the island with local sea food fresh sea food and um yeah we also export to St Martin so mostly every restaurant St Martin gets fishing Lobster from us here I'd like visitors to know that we have some great diving great fishing great hiking

- Life Cycle Assessment LCA Lecture 4: Kind: captions Language: en e e e sorry for the delay but we have the we had the same problems with monitor so uh we have sold now okay so [Music] um in the last lesson um we have seen the uh we have seen the uh the checklist for uh the collection of data uh to carry out an LCA analysis um so uh in this example of checklist uh I divided uh data into different um uh data sheets in particular uh we have said that in the first sheet General data uh we can um ask to the company uh some information uh about the product the characteristic characteristics of the product and in particular um the different uh steps of the production uh in the production cycle um also by uh also uh asking uh the the equipment and the machineries used for each phase uh if we want to divide uh the energy consumption between the different steps of the production cycle uh also uh we have said that other important informations uh are the um the knowledge of the uh the number of for example and the type of products that are produced for the same production cycle uh of our uh product to be analyzed so in the second sheet R materials um we have to collect data uh for each stage of the life cycle we have to collect data about uh input data uh in terms of uh uh materials consumption and for example in uh in this table for each stage of the life cycle uh you have to collect uh similar the similar data in particular um it's important to know uh for each unit process it's important to know uh uh the amount of the used material uh in this case for example in kilogram per year uh if it's possible it could be also interesting to know the specific amount of used material uh expressed in terms of the functional unit of your uh product for example one piece uh uh could be uh a possible functional unit for the LCA of a product uh I don't know in this case uh uh which could be the functional unit but uh uh the description uh a brief description of the characteristic of the material this this uh this description could be important if we want to model um the uh uh the the material by considering a um a process inside the database in fact in the database we have a long list of different kind of materials uh and so if we want to consider the environmental impact due to the production of this raw material we have the opport the possibility uh to uh model um these impact by considering a process inside um the database and so uh for the selection of the right process in the database we have to know uh the the description of material and we have to know the details about the properties of the material uh its characteristics its technical characteristics and and so on okay uh it's important also to know uh the packaging of the material okay uh because also the packaging of the material uh should be considered in in the life cycle of the product uh should be considered in the calculation of the overall environmental impact of our product so for each raw material uh used in the production cycle uh we have not only the um the environmental impact due to the production of the raw material but in this case also uh the environmental impact due to the uh packaging of the of the of the material okay and third Point uh it's important to know uh the information about out the uh transport of the raw material from the supplier to the company because also for each material uh we have to consider the environmental impact of the transport step and so uh if we want to model and if we want to consider uh these environmental impacts we have to know uh the location of the supplier we have to know the distance between the supplier and the company and we have to know uh how uh this transport is carried out by truck by car uh by L I don't know so it's important to know in fact in the for example Echo invent in the Echo invent database we have a list of different uh means of Transport uh to uh to model this phase of the of the raw material we can have for example uh track Lorry uh EUR four EUR five EUR Z eur1 so for each kind and for each type of uh track Lor uh you have different input and out output data uh because for example um the diesel consumption um could change and also the emission the emissions into atmosphere could be CH could change and so on so it's important to know the exact mean of Transport for the uh for the raw for the raw material uh so for each unit process it's important for uh in this case in this sheet to um obtain uh all information about different uh materials consumed in each unit process then uh in these uh in this sheet uh we have to collect information about the other uh class of input data the energy consumption in fact in the input data we have to collect material consumption energy consumption uh about the uh the energy consumption for example uh the information uh uh could be um that could be uh a by uh by the company uh for example uh are the electricity uh consumed by the industrial plant by the company in kilowatt hour per year uh for example uh it's important to know if uh um company um uh produces a fraction of electricity for example by uh photovolatic panels uh and so on then we have to know for example the uh the natural gas used for thermal uh purposes uh for the for the production cycle uh we have to know uh diesel consumption for uh transport but in this case uh these These are consumption is referred to uh eventually uh uh cars uh of the company uh cars um I don't know if if some uh uh means of Transport are owned by the company uh so in this uh in this table uh we have to collect data about about the energy consumption for all for the plant for the company Plant uh then if we know uh the characteristics of the machineries as in the first shet uh we have the possibility to split this uh consumption uh this data between the different machineries of the production cycle but from the company we have we have only the possibility to collect data uh for the entire plant not for each Machinery it's not possible to ask to the company the exact amount of electricity or thermal energy consumption for each Machinery it's possible is it POS it's possible only to ask uh the overall uh en consumption for the plant uh then in these in the following tables for uh we can um we can try to ask to the company for example uh the energy consumption face by face but I repeat these data typically it's very difficult to uh uh to find um for for the company so we can have the possibility to collect data uh for the entire plant but if but not for the single process but we can try when we want to collect data from the company then we have for example uh to ask to the company the water consumption for the production cycle also this information is important because we have said that between input data um we have to know material consumption energy consumption and resources consumption so water uh is one of the possible resource used dur in the production cycle and typically uh water is the only resource natural resource used uh uh in the production cycle uh and for this reason we can Define um a specific table uh we can include a specific table uh to collect this kind of data for example here we we ask to the company the amount of water from ground water or the amount of water for public water works this um this difference uh is necessary because when we want to model when we want to insert this data uh in the Sima pro software uh we have the possibility to um choose um between different sources of uh for water okay so it's important to know also the uh the origin of the water used in the production cycle then uh in the following sheet uh we have um uh sheet about the collection of um dat of output data for the unit process so in this case uh we have for this scope uh for this aim we have two shets uh emissions and waste we have said that between the output data we have to uh know we have to collect data about the emissions into air Soil and Water and the amount of waste is generated by the production cycle so in this first sheet uh for example we have um air emission uh the data about air emission due to the production cycle uh in theory you can uh you can ask to the company for example uh the different uh compounds uh emit uh into into atmosphere uh uh in this in this example nitrogen oxide sulfur oxide partic and matter um these emissions uh this data um are known by the company because um company uh should measure uh its emission into atmosphere uh by uh in in different point of the plant uh so these data typically are known by by the company uh and for this um for our analysis it's important to know the amount typically uh this amount is expressed in gram per hour but then if we know uh the the number of hours in a year uh when the plant is open we can calculate the kilogram per year okay uh so it's it's quite easy to uh convert gram per per hour into kilogram per year uh so it could be important to know the stage of production cycle uh responsible for each emission uh because for us it's important to divide uh the air emissions uh into the different steps of the production cycle uh in the same way we can collect data for water emissions um instead typically for um product when we want to analyze the LCA of a product it's very ult to have soil emissions uh in an industrial plant typically we have air emissions and water emissions uh as regards water emissions um in this case we have to know the amount of waste water produced by the plant for example in cubic meter uh per per year we have to know um how uh uh this waste water is um is treated uh for example in a wastewater treatment plant or uh for example other option it could be a direct discharge in a river or I don't know and so when we know this information when uh we uh model this step in the Sima pro software we can choose the specific process according to the uh exact destination of the waste water uh so um typically it's it's also important to know not only the amount of waste water produced by the plant but it could be interesting also to know um the quality of this waste water uh so by knowing uh by the knowledge of different compounds of the different compounds in the waste water um this is due to the fact that in in the Echo invent database we can find um several processes for example about the uh treatment of waste water in a in a wastewater treatment plant but these processes um are differentiated by the different quality of waste water in fact uh I don't know if a waste water is characterized by a higher content of one of these parameters for example I don't know c o d I don't know if you know uh this uh parameter but C is the acronym of chemical oxygen demand uh so it this parameter uh is an indicator of the uh carbon content of the organic content inside the um inside the waste water in the waste water uh and so if a waste water is characterized by an higher content in terms of C or bod bod is the acronym of biological oxygen demand so in this case um the wastewater treatment process uh will require um um more intensive uh uh more intensive treatment so probably we could have um more consumption in terms of energy in terms of chemicals for the treatment of this kind of waste water so uh it could be important to know uh not only the amount of waste water but also its quality in order to um select the uh best process in the Echo invent database when we want to select this uh um okay uh the other sheet is about uh the collection of data for um wases produced during the production cycle of the product uh in this case it's important to ask to the company um some information about the wases uh in particular we have to know uh the type of waste obviously uh in this example paper cardboard plastic packaging wood wooden packaging and so on uh each kind of waste uh is characterized by an Europe in Europe obviously by an European uh code um with uh with this code each kind of waste uh is classified according to the European law uh so for example paper and cardboard uh the code of paper cardboard is this one okay but it's not important um other important information about the the the waist section uh uh is to know is to know if the waste is an zardus waste because uh if the waste is an aard waste um can change the the treatment process of the of the waste we have to know uh in which Step the waste in which Step of of the production phase uh the waste is produced we have to know obviously the amount of the waste produced we have to know the final destination of the of the waste uh so we have to know for example if this waste is recovered or is disposed in a Landfield or so on uh we have to know also uh the location of the treatment plant for example landfill a thermo valorization plant plant or uh the recycling industrial plant because um when we consider uh a waste we have to consider not only the environmental impact due to the uh treatment of the of the waste but we have to consider also uh the transport step of the waste from the company to the um to the treatment plant okay so we have know the location of the treatment of the treatment plant and also the minum transport truck L car so car is difficult in this very um okay uh and at the end uh in our during the during our collection of data useful to carry out uh the LCA of a product uh it's important uh to ask also to the to the company uh information about um the uh product distribution from the company to the final clients uh to the final users of the product um and so in this case we can ask to the company for um the uh the destination country of of the product Italy USA Japan I don't know uh the average distance between the company and the final uh destination obviously it's imposs possible to consider exact uh distance between the company and each final users user each finite client of the product uh so for example uh if we know only the the country uh of destination uh we can consider typically uh the capital of of the country uh as reference a city to calculate for the calculation of the distance between uh the industri plant and the final user uh so uh we have also to know uh the mean of Transport um uh for example in this uh in this case ship and truck and then um in this way when we model the process in the Echo invent database uh we could select um uh the right uh process for uh for the transportation phase of the of the final product so um the idea is to is to see uh is to see uh how we can collect uh LCA dat data uh when we want to um carry out an LCA studies uh this step is a very important step is is a it's a very complex step uh it's not easy to collect all these kind of data um and probably this step is the most consuming time step in the LCA uh because it's difficult to uh the collection of the of this information by by the um okay uh so uh I want to to um uh to open also now uh instead a scientific paper my scient my previous scientific paper uh when we can see uh for example the uh the inventory the table of the inventory about the inventory data for for this this process it's a particular process okay uh here we can see uh this this paper um is about the application of LCA for uh an Innovative uh product in particular Innovative uh production cycle for um the production of biodiesel biodiesel uh is the uh is the fuel that can be used as a substitute for fossil diesel uh in for the transport in the transportation sector okay uh fossil diesel can uh uh can be substituted by uh biodiesel biodiesel is obtained from uh biomass okay from organic materials and typically biodiesel is produced uh starting from vegetable oils uh by applying um particular chemical reaction uh that is called transesterification uh reaction so typically in the market biodiesel is produced for example from uh soybean oil from no sugar cane is the raw material for the production of sugars and then these sugars are converted into a biofuel but the biofuel is not biodiesel in this case but is a bioethanol bioethanol is the um can be used can be used as a substitute of gasoline uh instead if we want to substitute fossil diesel we have to produce biodiesel uh and the typical raw material for the production of biodiesel uh is vegetable oils uh palm oil soybean oil uh sunflower oil rap seed oil uh we have different kind of vegetable oils but uh in the last years biodiesel is also produced by starting from other fi stock uh so it's not important for us but in in this example in this paper uh we evaluated the environmental impacts um of biodiesel produced by starting from card stalks Cardon stalks uh are um uh an example of ligos cellulosic biomas sort of herbus biomass okay uh so it's not important for us uh to know the production cycle but it could be interesting to to see for example uh this um figure in this figure you can see uh the system boundaries defined for for this for this LCA uh in this case the uh functional unit for example of the um of this study was this one uh was defined uh functional unit used to perform the Cradle to gate LCA so in case uh we carried out a credle to gate LCA uh not considering the use phase and the disposal phase Cradle to gate we have seen in the previous lesson that we have two different options for LCA studies Cradle to grave uh considering all steps in the life cycle and Cradle to gate um without use and Disposal steps in the life cycle okay so in this case this analysis is a credle to gate analysis uh and in particular uh the functional unit in this case uh was uh one mega mega of energy in biofuel so one Mega of chemical energy uh in the in the biofuel uh so uh then we defined the system boundaries of the study uh here in this slide you can see uh that the uh processes were divided into background system and foreground system uh I remember you that uh in the background system uh we have all unit um that can um be modeled by using secondary data data from database instead in the foreground system uh we have all unit processes that can be modeled by primary data uh this is the main difference okay so uh in this slide you can see um you can see the um the flow diagram for for this process okay the flow diagram for this sorry uh the flow diagram for this process um in particular you can see that for uh the unit processes are divided into uh some macro steps uh the first macro step in this case is the biomass is called as biomass pre-treatment in the biomass pretreatment uh block uh we have Milling step meing of biomass uh another phase now it's not important for us to know the the meaning of this step steam explosion of biomass uh washing and filtration uh and then from the washing and filtration step uh we um we obtain a solid fraction and this solid fraction is sent to the second macro step of the LCA the second macro step is called as glucose extraction so sugar extraction from liono cellulosic biomas and in this second macro step uh we can find other two processes enzimatic hydrolysis filtration okay and then from filtration we have as a a product of this step we have a liquid fraction this liquid fraction is sent to the last macro step of the life cycle uh that is uh is biodiesel production in this macr step we have other uh unit processes for example uh lipid lipid production centrifugation extraction uh another step of distillation transesterification and so on okay so um these in this case these are the um unit processes of our life cycle also also uh you can find uh also you can find here uh um which are the pro the main product of the life cycle in this case biodiesel but with the red color uh you can see uh the byproducts obtained during the life cycle for example this one emic cellulosic liquor is a liquid it's a sort of liquid uh with an high content of sugars uh East biomass uh ligning Rich residue glycerol so um here we have uh during the life cycle um multifunctional processes because um we have the problem to solve uh the the multi the multifunctional processes and in this example in these CA the approach to model the multifunctional process uh was the system expansion approach uh so for each byproduct uh we identified an alternative product actually in the market then we calculated the environmental impacts due to the production of these alternative products and then this environmental impact was subtracted by the overall environmental impact due to the all life cycle stages uh in this figure we can see also uh other uh um in particular uh we can see that in the background system uh uh we we find um all unit processes uh that were modeled by selecting specific processes in the Echo invent database so uh for electricity production we use uh the electricity production process from the echo invent database for uh top Water Production uh the same for uh steam production the same for chemicals production the same for en enzyme production the same for East production the same okay so for these uh unit processes we use secondary data by SEL in the right process inside the database okay on the other hand for these processes for these processes in the foreground system we used primary data not secondary data uh in particular we can see uh sorry in particular in the supplementary material of the paper we reported the inventory uh the inventory uh all inventory data used for this LCA uh in particular you can see uh in this uh in this table um the input data and output data input data are ref are divided um are attributed to each uh step of the life cycle for example for the Milling step Milling step is the is the first step no we have seen previously sorry because I don't know where okay no uh no no we have a problem with this part uh mealing is the first step no of the life cycle so uh for the Milling step the only input data was the electricity consumption by the machinery for Milling the feed stock for the Milling of biomass and so in this case uh we measured an electricity consumption of 46.9 kilow hour per functional unit for the Second Step steam explosion the same in this case we have only the consumption of steam for the following step washing and filtration we have the consumption of electricity and we have the consumption of tap water we have said so when we create then when we'll see uh in the next lesson um the Sima pro software with my colleague uh you will find you will see uh how can how we can um we can define a process in in in the in the Sima pro software but uh in this case um we have for example for washing and filtration step we have only two input data and about the electricity the electricity the environmental impact Associated to the to the electricity production uh was model by considering uh a process in the Echo invent database in fact we have said that electricity production uh belongs to the background system not to the foreground system so for modeling the environmental impact of electricity production we used secondary data from the database uh and then the other steps uh in this table in uh for the other steps you can find the input data considered for for each step for enzimatic hydrolysis you have electricity heat enzyme consumption tap water different chemicals H and so on okay uh and so we repeat uh um this structure for for each step of the life okay as regards the output data instead uh we have considered for example emissions into air uh in this case we have emissions into a um of chloroform methanol uh we don't have in this case emissions uh into soil for example uh we have emissions into uh water but in this case the waste water is sent to a wastewater treatment plant as you have seen in the system boundaries um from these two steps we have the production of um two different waste Waters and these waste waters are sent to a wastewater treatment plant so uh uh in this table we uh reported the amount of waste water produced during uh those uh steps in the life cycle and then these um uh these waste Waters were modeled by selecting uh in the the database the right processes according to the properties and the characteristics of the waste water in fact one waste water is obtained after liquid production one waste water is obtained after methanol distillation so these two uh waste Waters are characterized by um compounds are different uh characterized by different properties okay so we have to choose two different wastewater treatment plans for these two kinds of waste water uh also uh between the output data it's important uh to uh Define the amount of the co-products of the byproducts obtained from the life cycle so for example uh here we have one of the byproduct is glycerol uh here you can find glycerin glycerine is the alternative is the alternative product actually in the market so uh in this way we have uh defined the amount of Glycerin that can be um substituted by the glycerol produced from our life cycle in the same way uh this emic cellulosic lior could be used for energy purposes and for example it could be used for the production of electricity and uh Heat in this table you can find uh that we calculated the amount of electricity and heat that can be produced by uh that amount of AIC cellulosic liquor um in the same way um the other byproduct Li in Rich residue and East biomass uh also these byproduct can be used could be used for energy uh purposes and so also in this case we calculated the electricity and heat that can be produced by energy valorization of these two uh byproducts uh because in this case we applied the system expansion approach instead if we applied um the allocation approach uh the procedure obviously is completely different as we have said in the last in the last lesson um so from from this LCA you can understand that the the definition no of of the input and output data is it's very it could be very very difficult in some in some cases mostly if the process is characterized as in this case by several unit uh so um uh we can return to our uh lecture slides yesterday I uploaded now the the lecture slides in the moodle I don't know if you ah okay okay uh probably I have changed um some slides in some cases but not it's not very okay um so we can return to the presentation uh okay here uh so uh yeah this is not very very important you can read this slides but these slides are not very important instead uh it could be interesting uh to um speak about uh the echo invent database we have said that Echo invent database is the most important database um in U in Europe actually ER it's the most used uh not only for um scientific uh LCA studies but also for commercial LCA studies so uh it could be interesting to uh to know um the main differences uh among the the different options of of of equo invent database first of all in this um uh in this slide you can see the screenshot of Sima pro software uh in particular particular uh you can see in this slide that the Sima pro software uh in the left of this screenshot here in this column uh the structure of the of the Sima pro software is the same of the structure of LCA according to the iso standard in fact you can find the section about the goal and the scope inventory Second Step impact assessment third step interpretation fourth step so the the structure of the of the Sima pro software is the same in particular in the goal and scope uh section um and then you will see in detail know the these sections with my colleague in the next lessons uh in this first step in this first section uh you can find two uh subsection sub subsections description and libraries in the description the description section is not important to carry out an LCI study uh is uh it is used only to write uh for example the uh your uh the client of the LCA study uh the description of the product to be analyzed but it's not important for to carry out the the LCA study instead this second subsection libraries uh is very important when you want to perform an LCA study in fact in subsection you have the possibility to select some of uh these uh points some of these voices in in this table in particular in this list you can find uh different database in the Sima Pro uh different databases in the Sima pro software uh as regards Echo invent uh for Echo invent you can find different versions of echo invent in particular you can see uh allocation default system allocation default unit allocation recycled content system allocation recycled content unit consequential system consequential unit so now uh we want to know uh which are differences uh between these different versions of EO invent because when we decide to carry out an LCI study first of all we have to decide uh which database um we want to use uh to collect secondary data for the study so um in this case we have to select um which version of EO invent is useful for our study but for this Choice it's important to know uh the meaning of these versions because it could be in alternative it could be difficult to to Define which version is uh is useful for us um moreover uh in in this slide uh in this uh screenshot you can see that in the Sema Pro Software you have the possibility to use and to select for your study other databases uh Agri footprint uh elcd uh industry data 2.0 and so on but uh between this um voices uh the uh when you want to carry out LC study you have to select only one database between uh this list and then you have to select these line methods uh in the in the initial phase of your LCA in the subsection libraries you have to select one database and and also the line methods methods um the meaning of methods uh in the methods you can uh by selecting methods you uh you can select the uh environmental impact assessment methods that um you will use uh when you will calculate the final results of your LCA okay so uh first of all uh we can um find in the following slides uh how um a unit um is u is made in the Echo invent database in the Echo invent database each unit um is characterized by uh this information by this data um is divided into different section the section about the input data the section about the output data as we have said for uh unit processes in the um and if we want to consider uh an example about the the unit processes in in the Echo invent here in this slide we can see a first example of a unit process in the Echo invent database in this case in this example uh this process is about the electricity production from hard goal but in each uh you in each process in the Echo invent database you um you have these three information in the name uh the first part of the title of process is referred is related to the process name in this case electricity production the second part of the title of the process um is refer to the specification of the product or type of technology in this case from hard cool the third part of the title of the process is about the geographical and temporal location in this case b e 20 uh 8 b e is for Belgium for example uh also uh when you open a process from the echo invent database you can have you can read uh some not only input and output data Associated to this process but you can find also some um regarding the uh the process in this case for example uh this process um could be uh considered valid for if you want to model a process between this uh time range between uh 2000 to 2015 and 15 and um okay um then for example uh for the same in this in this slide you can see that in the Echo invent database you can find similar process similar processes for the same activity in this case you have two different examples of electricity production but the difference is that uh The Sur of electricity production is different so you can find in the Eco invent database a process for electricity production from uh Hydro uh hydroelectric power plants or from hard coal uh also um you can find uh processes um characterized by the same technology but uh by different um location in this case the first example is uh about the electricity production from hydroelectric power plants in Australia in this case hard goal in Belgium okay so you can find also in the database for example a process electricity production hydro pump sto storage but I it uh so in Italy so you can have for uh a single process you can have different options in terms of technology and uh location uh okay uh bre question I have I have to call a colleague spee speech foreign spee spe foree speee fore spee for for fore for fore spee speech foreign spee we do okay so um as regards the different um processes in the Echo invent database here in this slide uh about uh about the Geography about the location of the of the processes uh you can uh find uh the different options that we can find in the Echo invent in particular uh for each uh process you can find in the Echo invent database uh different options not only in terms of the uh country of origin uh of the process but you can find also um three different um options in particular you can have for uh all processes you can have the um the option glow uh the option r r o w uh and the option rare R uh which is the difference between the option glow the option R the option rare as for example for these processes you can have for electricity production I don't know from artco you can have the version uh glow the version rare the version R so um in this slide you can see for example the process about the production of coffee green bean Arabica uh so um with different colors you can see um that in the Echo invent database you can have uh different location for this process for example uh Co br is for Brazil uh and so on but you have for example the uh you have also a process r r is the acronym of rest of the world ER and the rest of the world in Echo invent is considered as a geographical area ER rest of the world as we can uh see in the slide rest of the world data sets may contain data that are not represented individual individually in the Echo invent database so in this case for coffee green bean production for example uh Rob is the process that um consider that considers uh the input and output data uh that are an average for the other countries not considered in these with these colors not for Brazil not for I I don't know if Indonesia but I don't know uh Co hn so uh the process Rob is an average for the rest of world not for that for those countries okay instead the process glow with the the term glow uh is an average process by considering uh all geographical areas so it is calculated as an average for rest of World by considering rest of world Brazil Indonesia and so on so uh for example when um if I uh decide which version of process I have to use in my LCA for in this case production of coffee green bean um I have to use for example Brazil version if I know that uh this coffee green bean is produced effectively in Brazil uh uh instead if I know that the the product is produced in a different country than uh these four reported in this slide for example I don't know uh uh in a USA in this case I have to use rest of world because I know that my uh in my case the coffee green bean is produced in a country different from the other four but if I don't know uh where my coffee green bean is produced so in this case I have to choose uh the process glow because I don't know uh in which country is obtained is produced my product so uh glow is used whe it's used is the option it's the option used when I don't know uh uh the location of the production of my product uh so in this slide uh um we don't see another option uh the other option is the version rare rer uh the version rer for a process is used when I know that uh the process is referred to an European country but I don't know exactly which is the which is the country so rare is an average process for the European context uh so we have three different options glow rare and R uh this is valid for all processes database uh sorry professor and the acronymous rare stands for rare stands for uh um rest of European I don't know I don't remember I don't remember exactly the This this term but we I can I can say you that this this version is used only I repeat for uh European countries uh when I don't know exactly the uh the European count okay yes yes thanks but I don't remember the uh okay um so as regards the different version of echo invent we have said previously that we have three different model of uh models of echo invent allocation default allocation recycled content and consequential version for each version we have two different options system and unit um I can say you that these two um options system and unit for the same model of a of database uh these two options um consider the same data the same input and output data so in all processes uh are uh considered the same data so if we use uh I don't know the echo invent allocation default system for modeling our process is or if we use the echo invent location default unit uh in terms of final results of our study the results the environmental impacts will be the same okay we we don't have any uh difference between unit and system and so which is the difference why in the Sima software we have two different database with the same name with the same data and from which we can calculate the same results but there are two different options system and unit the only difference between between system and unit is the representation of data inside the database uh I think that in yeah I think that in your slide you you don't have these uh these two slides then at the end of the course I will upload the the last version because uh previous each lesson I I can change some some slides so uh at the end of the of the course I will upload the the final version okay uh so um the difference is summarized in in this slide uh in particular if you have I don't know um for example the previous the previous process coffee green bean production okay uh coffee green bean production uh it could be considered as in this diagram as our process a but for green bean production okay for coffee green bean production uh it's necessary to consider uh previously other uh uh the teing for example of the soil the cultivation step so we have a set we have several processes uh before uh our process a okay so um in the unit process version uh in the database we'll see the input and output data for each of these uh processes instead in the system version uh for coffee Brin for coffee bean production uh when we open uh this um we see uh the input and output data uh by considering all input and output data referred not only to process a but also to the previous processes so uh in this version uh by opening the coffee beIN production process we have a very very very long list of input and output data because this input and output data are the sum of the input and output data of the previous processes in the life cycle of coffee bean um instead in the unit process when we open process a process Coffee Bean production uh we'll see in the input data for example one hect of uh soy of the field um the operation for I don't know deing of the uh of the field so we can see exactly the names of the previous processes and so typically uh the best option is to use the unit process version of the echo invent database because it's um uh it's more easy to read the data inside each process in this case it's very difficult to understand which input and output data are referred to process b or to process D or to process G because we have only a a list of different input and output data in this case we can see when we open process a uh we can see the amount of process B the amount of process C the amount of process D and so we have the possibility to um to understand uh exactly the amount of each previous process uh for uh producing process a this is the the idea so typically unit version is the most used version of echo invent uh also in uh the echo invent this is another screenshot of echo invent database uh in particular this screenshot is obtained here when you click on uh processes section in the inventory uh section uh you can find this list of processes uh these um are divided into different uh families in to different classes for example materials energy uh and other other kind of um other types of classes um and for example in this screenshot you can see uh the the processes about the electricity production by coal um er if you click on cool uh you can find here that you have two other subclasses of processes market and transformation um this uh these two subclasses are present in all um for all processes you have in all cases uh the same process uh in the market section and in the transformation section which is the difference why for example we have I don't know the first process in this case is electricity high voltage ascc I think that is a the acronym of a country okay uh electricity high voltage electricity production hard call allocation default U so U is for unit system allocation default is one of the three uh option model of Echo invent we have said previously that we have allocation default allocation recycle content consequential okay in this case in this example allocation default is the version of echo invent um this process uh is in the uh transformation section the same process we can find the same process over also in the market section but why which is why we have the same process in the transformation section and in the market uh section the difference is summarized uh in these two slides uh in particular in the transformation um section we can find all processes uh uh that consider the input and output data uh to um obtain the product in this case for electricity high voltage electricity production by Art goal uh if we open this process we we find input and output data for electricity Pro reduction by AR Co and in the market the difference the difference in the case of electricity is the is only uh the inclusion in the input and output data of um the transport of electricity from the plant uh to the final user uh if we look uh to the uh process about uh market for electricity high voltage production uh in this slide we can see that the additional input and output data uh for this process are only the emissions for example due into air due to the grid the electric grid when the electricity is transported between the plant to the uh final user obviously this process uh Market considered uh considered um an average distance between the plant and the final user in the same way if you have for example the previous example about the coffee uh green bean um you can find the coffee green bean in the transformation and the coffee green bean production in the market the difference also in this case is about uh that in the market process we consider also the transport step between uh the producer the supplier of the coffee be of the coffee green bean to the final user um why we have the possibility in the Echo invent to use a process with or without the transport step because the transport step in the market section uh is modeled by considering an average distance in all cas cases for all products because it would be impossible to to consider the exact distance between the supplier and the final user so when we have to use a market process and when we have to use a um we use a market process when uh we don't know exactly uh the distance between the supplier and the final user okay so we don't know uh the kilometers uh and the the means of Transport uh from the uh from our uh company to final user so in this case if we want in any case if we want to consider the impact uh uh due to the trans Port step uh we can consider the process uh in um on the other hand if we know exactly the distance uh the the producer the the supplier of the product and the final user in this case we can use the transformation process and then uh we can add another process dedicated to modeling the transport step of the product from the supplier to the final user so if we use the transformation process in all cases it's it is necessary to add uh in our life cycle to add another process to count the transport uh step if we use Market process uh we don't have the um we don't uh add uh the transport uh the transport process okay this is the this is the main this is the main difference so now um we have to know um the the difference between the main difference that is uh the difference um between the three system models in the for the equ invent database um we have said that we we have the possibility to choose between uh three different models allocation uh as we have SE seen previously uh sorry allocation default allocation recycled content all and consequential these are the three versions of echo invent in particular these three versions are also called uh as allocation cut off allocation default or AOS allocation at the point of substitution and uh substitutional consequential long term uh so the first one cut off by classification is this uh is this one recycled content instead allocation default is this one and the last consequential is also is also called as substitution consequential longterm uh uh when we uh start uh uh to model our life cycle it's important to uh choose um one of these three uh system models for Echo invent database and the uh uh the criteria to to select the the system model uh is based on the hypothesis of our study uh and in fact we have to know now uh which are the differences between these three system models first of all cut off uh cut off by classification is the first option for uh Echo invent database um now we can see the main uh the main features of this uh of this version uh first of all first of all uh the processes uh in the uh in this version of echo invent in the allocation cut off by classification version of echo invent uh these processes uh um are based on the attributional approach first of all in the last lesson we have seen the difference between uh attributional system and consequential system and we have said that typically the attributional system is mostly used in the uh LCA studies instead the consequential uh system is not very used uh so the cutof version of equo invent includes um processes uh that were made uh based on the attributional approach based on the attributional system uh this is the first point uh for cutof version the second point uh is about uh the modeling of uh wases this one um the first the second feature of this version is based on the the particular uh approach used to model the wases the recyclable materials and the allocatable materials particular uh when a process uh in particular first of all we have to Define uh we have to read the definition of waste recyclable materials and alloc allocatable materials so wases are materials with no economic value and no interest in their collection without compensation uh in this cut off version uh of of echo invent the producer of the waste pays to dispose of these materials for example waste water chemically polluted soil radioactive waste recyclable materials are byproducts with little or no economic value that can serve as the input or resource for a recycling activity uh interest in their collection exist for example metal scraps waste paper at the the Third Kind of um particular materials are the allocatable materials that are ordinary byproducts with economic value that therefore are included in the allocation for example heat and electricity so the idea in this version of echo invent is um Define processes for which uh these three categories of materials uh are modeled in a in ways um in particular uh as regards the waste materials the was is uh um are modeled in a way um we have the producers we consider the producers responsibility so uh in this case for was is uh so for Waste materials uh the environmental impact due to the production of wases um is allocated only to the producer and so if this waste um for example as in the case of recyclable materials uh if this waste for example Waste Paper is reused by another company uh to produce another uh this material is considered burden free for the following user instead all environmental impacts due to the collection of waste water to the transport of waste water to uh the recycling activity for uh um recovering uh Waste Paper um not waste waste paper um are allocated to the the producer company this is the main uh criteria the main point in the cutof version of echo invent um in this way this approach it could be considered as an incentiv approach to use recyclable products that are available bden free um in fact if a if a material is recycled the primary producer does not receive any environmental credit for the provision of any recyclable materials as a consequence recyclable materials are available burden free to recycling processes uh so secondary materials obtained from the recycling of the of the of the waste be are only the impacts of the recycling processes so this point of view is an interesting point of view and in fact in the second version we have uh a different point of view for modeling the recyclable materials and the wases in this case uh all processes in this version of echo invent uh is B are based on this approach are based on this approach uh and if we decide to select this version of database also uh when we um when we model our life cycle we have to use the same approach so uh we have to consider the same approach um here you can see some examples for example recycled paper only Bears the impacts of waste paper collection and the recycling process of turning waste paper into recycled paper uh it is free of any burdens of the forestry activities and processing record for the primary production of the paper before it becomes waste in the second example we can read that heat for example from the incineration of Municipal waste can be used to heat houses or offices and therefore has a value however in the Echo invent cut off System model the incineration is allocated completely to the treatment of the waste the burden is assigned to the waste producer while the heat comes burden free so in this in this second example the environmental impacts due to the incineration of Municipal Solid Waste uh is uh tot allocated to the treatment of the waste okay so for today I think that it's all uh then um next week um will the program is this one uh next week uh we'll continue with um the Theory uh in particular uh we'll see briefly uh the main differences between the echo invent database version then we'll see the uh third step of LCA that is very important the impact assessment method um and so I think that next week we'll try to end this part uh um instead in the last week uh because we have we have only eight lessons so now with the today uh we are at four this is the fourth lesson uh so next week two lessons of theory and then in the last week on Wednesday uh probably you will see the Sima pro software with my colleague Lorena fosi and the last lesson will be uh with me uh with the last part of theory about the environmental labels based on the LCA so this is the this is the program okay okay bye-bye

- [Talk] the true cost of consumerism: finding balance in a busy world: Kind: captions Language: en are we becoming are we are we really becoming uh clones of each other I'm wondering and I just wanted to share my rant regarding that so yeah let's get dive into it according to Oscar well there's a quote by Oscar wild that says something that I deeply want to touch the thing this video is about mostly are our lives reduced to just comparisons of other lives and worth nothing than just mere [Music] comparisons has consumerism gotten to the point where everything is a copy of each other thing and there's no escaping this what are the points what are the tips and tricks we can use in order to combat consumerism and avoid becoming a clone of each other we read the same books recommended on Tik Tok or other tubes or whatever Stags we furnish our homes and decorated in a similar manner with neutral colors wage colors we listen to the same podcast normally or the ones that are most popular and most listen to we visit the same cities as what holiday destinations and other destinations for holidays we do our nails the same way we do our makeup the same way we we dress the same way where is this all going that's what I just want to discuss and in no way am I saying that I'm not a part of this of course I'm a part of this culture that is ongoing I think there's a bright side to it so let's just get to the bright side first I think um to a certain extent it's good when certain self-help books certain podcasts on self-improvement and development are being shared and being listened to there as but as always with everything there's supposed to be a balance and not and too much of anything can be really harmful so we just have to monitor that for ourselves but um I think personally it's getting to a point where self-development self-help all this culture is itself becoming toxic which was what was the point of it when it would become toxic and land it on its own butt I don't know but I think a large part of his toxicity has to do with how people are implementing this into their daily lives even including me I guess or how I how I have till now how we are treat ourselves as a constant self-improvement project and not let ourselves be we're missing the point of life the point of life is to live not to get on this stair master of self-development or self-improvement to no end okay you are supposed to embibe the lessons you are supposed to I'm supposed to but you can takeing the lessons and evolve but you're missing the point of life if you're not living if you're just treating it as a self-improvement project that's the thing that I meant so yeah and then there's a downside to it that I was already discussing that we're becoming clones of each other I think the number one way to avoid this is to be less on our phones obviously because we are all when I look in the Metro when I look in the transport we all we are all like listen to music on our phones and um not there are fortunately people who still read books so that gives me some hope and and for myself as well that I am able to that I'll be able to read books okay so it's all about capitalism and consumerism in a way because uh people are buying from the same Brands mostly and there's a certain class of people buying from the same brand or even not even a certain class people trying to be a certain class by buying the things and trying to buy a lifestyle you know just as discussed in the and in Mal's video as well so yeah where are we going with this we have to question ourselves we have to take accountability we have to pause and reflect as well for me as when I go to the grocery shop I don't go without a list I have a certain manner of doing things and in terms of consumerism I would say I land pretty much in the middle of the scale I want to say I'm too much of a consumerist neither would I nor would I say I'm too less of a consumerist my consumerism involves collecting art materials mostly and books and things that bring me joy these are the things that bring me the most Joy so I collect them and I have donated a fair share of books and I've moved around so now I'm collecting all over again and not even collecting because I'm because the thing is that I buy books to read them and obviously to read them I don't get Kindle because I was discussing with a friend once that I cannot get the hang of Kindle or it's it's just not the same and he touched a point saying it's about the special memory because a book has a special memory there's a volume in it you know there's a physical object and there's pages and you can feel through it and all that but in the Kindle there's no Pages it's just a flat screen you know and you cannot have the special memory advantage of it uh you cannot have the pleasure of the special memory so that's a big thing that's why so that's the reason why I'm buying books and not um having K like um getting Kindle apart from that for art I also let go of a lot of possessions in there back in Pakistan and I am just using mostly watercolors these days is it like I'm presenting myself as a not that consumer or whatever I'm a consumer as well we all are consumer I'm not saying that there's something wrong with buying some certain brands and all that I'm just saying that when it gets to what a point where where everyone becomes a clone of each other where do we go from there you know that's what I'm discussing and that's what the topic of this video is you know I think the biggest thing is to stop and reflect and to be conscious conscious of it and that that's the biggest step in realizing where we are going you know and taking accountability of how unconsciously or subconsciously you have uh emed in all these behaviors all these tastes that are ongoing in the trends and you know the pass by as Trend but yeah I just want to uh emphasize on fostering your uniqueness cultivating it spending time doing things you love actually not things that you think are supposed to be cool uh to in today's society or whatever you know but how am I forgetting it's not just about us it's about the planet it's about the environment it's about how are we doing Mother Earth a service by promoting consumerism and consumerism obviously means uh consuming Goods in excess so that's the main point Main takeaway you know like how are we even contributing to environmental environmental goodness through this you know you know that sort of thing

  Top Comments:
  1. @MojaveKnight17 [1 likes]: There are billions of people who live similar lives in every aspect. The healthy thing to do is to not compare ourselves to others and focus on ourselves. The point of life can differ from people to people
  2. @MojaveKnight17 [1 likes]: Meaning can be assigned 
Importance can be assigned

- ENGLISH VLOG IN SABA BEACH — INCREASING GARBAGE ON THE BEACH: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys. Welcome to our vlog. So, today we are just talking you along with us for a little hangout session. And I am Damar. I am Jagat. I am Rani. I am Febi and I am Regina. So, we've got a whole crew together and we currently AT SABA BEACH! SO, TODAY WE WILL DO A SECRET challenge and to just have fun. So, thanks for joining us. As Rani said, we are at Saba Beach for a fun challenge and for a few enjoy the gorgeous view. So guys, today we are doing a beach CLEAN UP CHALLENGE. OKAY, WE ARE GOING TO SPLIT UP AND collect some trash. Whoever get the most trash, it win. So, without any further ado, let's go! Go! So, why is Saba Beach? Well, this place is a popular spot for both recreation and religious ceremonies. While it's great to see the beach so active, all these activities often lead to a lot of trash being left behind on the shore. Well, it's so sad to see such a beautiful and sacred place getting dirty. That's why we are here today to have some fun with our challenge, but more importantly to help clean up the area and keep the beach beautiful for everyone. So, the trash here can be grouped into the three types. One, organic waste like foods and leaves. Two, inorganic waste like plastic bottles and wrappers which we see the most and the hazardous waste like sharp or toxic items. Oh my god. They have so many misters in here. Guys, have you ever wondered why there are so many misters in Sabang beach? My friend, just look at around us. There are so many many vendors in here, but they are not maintaining the their waste properly. So, the plastic just flew away and then littering the ocean or the beach. And then, I see I'm not even looking a proper trash bin in here. So, maybe that was the issue, too. Okay, but honestly, guys, to be fair, I think the the most biggest issue in here is us, humans. Why? Because I think we all get some snacks, buy some bottle or drink, but we never take care of our waste or litter properly. So, yeah, guys, don't do that. We must complete our So, well friends, did you know that sea beds and tsunamis are one of the consequence of carelessly discarded trash. In addition, rubbish on the beach damage the beauty and danger marine animals and reduce a tourist interest. Trash and litter have been a negative impact on the environment and the lives of the surrounding community. So guys, look. So, the solution for ocean waste is reducing plastic use, managing waste properly, and not littering and recycling. In addition, cooperation between community and government is natural and education, clean up action, and strict regulation. So guys, who is the winner of the challenge today? Regina? Yeah. Jackpot. Ronnie. Maybe maybe me or or maybe this dog this dog. Maybe this dog. Okay. So wait the video guys. So guys. So guys, who's the winner? Regina. Bye-bye. So that's all about our vlog today. See you in the next opportunity and don't forget to like our videos. Bye-bye. Let's go home guys. Go home.

- Wakasa Obama #1 The Saba Kaido: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] kyoto the former capital of japan known for its many temples shrines and wooden townhouses over the centuries a unique culinary tradition evolved here and this tradition owes much to the fertile soil and abundant fishing grounds of another city the seaport of obama in fukui prefecture obama once belonged to the province of wakasa which in ancient times was a miketsukuni a region that provided food offerings to the imperial court the saba kaido or mackerel highway connects kyoto to the seaport of obama salt fish and seaweed as well as people and culture were transported along this network of roads for nearly 1300 years nishki market in central kyoto began as a fish market and continues to thrive even today the fresh fish you see here came from wakasa obama along that same road known as the saba kaido my name is joshua and today i'm going to take you on a journey along this historic road there are several routes that make up this avocado among them the main one is called the wakasa kaido there is also a shorter though more mountainous route called the harihatagore that is said to be the oldest route of the sabba kaido then there is the shuzan kaido which leads from kyoto through takao and miyama on the way to obama when merchants carried salted mackerel on foot by the time they arrived in kyoto the saltiness of the fish would be just right that is the origin of the name sava you can experience this avocado yourself by taking a walking or cycling tour today i will follow the main route of this avocado the wacasa kaido as people came and went along this ancient highway post towns were established and buddhism spread throughout the land so this is the starting point of this avocado the macro that was unloaded in the port of the city once took a day to be transported to the old capital of kyoto and even now the seafood of wakasa bay uses processing and fermentation methods that are rooted in japan's ancient culinary traditions in those days it took a day to walk this avocado even loaded with cargo and today it takes less than two hours by car but along this road villages and postdowns sprung up and the wisdom to preserve and transport food to kyoto was passed down from generation to generation obama's food culture continues to play a major part in kyoto's cuisine i feel like i've just scratched the surface of this ancient gastronomic tradition wakasso obama fukui prefecture was a miketsukuni a region in ancient japan that provided food offerings to the imperial court as the starting point of the sabo kaido the ancient road connecting kyoto to the sea wakasa obama prospered as an innovator in processing and preserving food and these traditions remain alive today visit wakassa obama a former maquetsukuni and discover a 1300 year old japanese culinary tradition obama also called nara by the sea in this region where warm and cold sea currents mingle and clear mountain streams run straight into the wakasa bay local fishermen enjoy an abundant catch all year round travel to wakasa obama where you can experience traditional crafts send meditation and a variety of outdoor activities not to mention its unique culinary you

- Japanese Food: Japanese Saba Shioyaki -Food video: Kind: captions Language: en konichiwa food enthusiasts today we're embarking on a delightful culinary journey to explore the world of saba shiyoyaki a traditional Japanese dish featuring grilled mackerel but there's more to this mouth-watering delicacy than meets the eye get ready to uncover some surprising and lesser-known facts about Saba shiyoyaki let's Dive In Feast your eyes on Saba shiyoyaki with its perfectly grilled mackerel seasoned with salt this dish exudes irresistible Aromas and flavors but beyond its delectable appearance What secrets does it hold to truly appreciate Saba shioyaki we must first understand the star of the dish mackerel this fish is rich in omega-3 fatty acids making it not just delicious but also a nutritional Powerhouse the secret to Saba shioyaki lies in its preparation the fish is salted and grilled to Perfection showcasing the Japanese art of shiyoyaki where salt is used to enhance the natural flavors of the ingredients did you know that Saba shioyaki is often considered a seasonal Delight in Japan the peak season for mackerel is during the colder months making it a comforting and nourishing Choice during winter while Saba shiyoyaki is a classic there are Regional variations that add unique twists from different types of salt to additional seasonings each area infuses its flavors into this beloved dish Beyond its mouth-watering taste Saba shioyaki offers a range of health benefits with its high omega-3 content it supports heart health brain function and reduces inflammation making it a smart choice for well-being Saba shiyoyaki holds cultural significance in Japan often enjoyed during celebrations and gatherings the act of sharing this delicious dish Fosters a sense of togetherness and appreciation for traditional culinary heritage in an era of conscious consumption sourcing plays a crucial role many restaurants and suppliers are committed to sustainable fishing practices ensuring that mackerel for Saba shioyaki is responsibly harvested Saba shioyaki pairs beautifully with a variety of accompaniments from traditional Japanese sides like rice and miso soup to exploring Fusion flavors this dish lends itself to endless culinary creativity let's raise our Chopsticks and toast to Saba shioyaki a dish that blends Simplicity nutrition and cultural richness on one plate here's to savoring the unknown wonders of this grilled mackerel Delight that concludes our journey through the lesser-known facts about Saba shioyaki we hope you enjoyed this flavorful Adventure if you're a fan of Japanese Cuisine or intrigued by this delectable dish don't forget to hit that thumbs up and share your thoughts in the comments below thanks for joining us and remember to keep exploring the world of delicious flavors if you enjoyed this video be sure to subscribe to our channel for more amazing content until next time stay curious stay adventurous and keep discovering the joys of food from around the world sayanara goodbye

- Lose Belly Fat In 2 WEEKS With an Easy EGG DIET (WATCH BEFORE TRYING): Kind: captions Language: en how to lose 20 pounds in two weeks with the famous egg diet is it possible what's the danger and should you try it let's find out as an example guys we will be using diet from the most viewed egg diet video they got 20 million views they should know something let's break it down first of all guys let's go and buy everything that we need for this day of eating about everything and always forgot to buy eggs so first of all guys let's discuss what makes diet effective doesn't matter what diet you are following if you eat less calories then you burn you will lose fat no matter what so if you can't pick the diet that will give you calorie deficit with 100 certainty on everyday basis you will lose fat and so right now let's see what an egg diet has to offer alright guys let's go for the first meal you got two eggs and tomatoes that's it breakfast drink a cup of green tea oh oh yeah i forgot green tea let's go so guys i took the biggest plate that i could find but it still did not feel like a lot of food so for the breakfast in total we have 150 calories not bad not very low and of course guys green tea i feel like i'm already starving guys for the second meal see you there all right let's go guys i'm already dying for the second meal and i know what it is so i'm excited at least it's more food than the breakfast so number one we will have the cod fish and then two hard boiled eggs only white on the egg whites [Music] so guys this is the lunch right here we have white fish four ounces little bit of tomatoes and two egg whites was fried with the frozen vegetables and guys the most amount of calories that you can find right here is 300 it's the most so again not a lot let's go guys don't forget use wedges it will make all the difference between lunch and dinner you can have a snack yay so finally guys they let us eat something sweet apple i grabbed the biggest one that i could find let's have fun 100 calories plus so guys right here for your dinner we have cottage cheese four ounces glass of low-fat milk and one rask i just fried the bread on the pan right here in total we're looking at 250 calories let's finish that and let's continue so in total with the egg diet we're looking at around 800 calories if as an example we will take adult man that spends 2 000 calories per day with this egg diet he will get 1 200 calories in deficit what does it mean to lose one pound of fat you need to burn around thirty five hundred calories so if it takes thirty five hundred and divide it by twelve hundred calories that will get in deficit with our egg diet we can expect to lose one pound of fat every three days or 10 pounds in 30 days but what's the danger 800 calories is going to be too low to cover all your body needs in a given day and so diet like this can force your body to gradually adapt and slow down your metabolism which can make this diet less effective and then will make you to regain all the weight that you lose during this diet when you stop it so my recommendation is going to be add at least 500 calories to this diet and also add workouts and 10 000 steps per day so in that way you will attack your goal of weight loss from both end goals eat less and burn more with workouts and steps in combination you will lose fat faster so your final game plan is number one start number two start a workout program you can find a lot of workout videos on my channel or you can download my next workout app and start to work out with me at home no equipment number three download steps tracker and start to do 10 000 steps every day if you're ready to accept this challenge write down in the comments below today's date and your current way and guys don't miss my video on 10 tips how to lose fat faster and i'll see you in the next workout a lot leaner let's go

  Top Comments:
  1. @igorvoitenko4real [106 likes]: Guys, if your goal is to lose fat and get shredded check out my Fat Burning Challenge: https://nextworkoutchallenge.com/
  2. @tl-hfit3408 [5 likes]: 0:42 i was like " eat burn, less more" what?
  3. @blakebunch4485 [2 likes]: I'm in the wrong place. I thought we were just going to eat eggs
  4. @VegasStyleDayTrading [1 likes]: This is a great diet to do before switching to an OMAD lifestyle. Fasting becomes very easily when you’re in ketosis for 2 weeks straight
  5. @ImakeTanks [1 likes]: i eat wood chips for 3 weeks i lost 104 lbs
  6. @VasiliusFitYT [1 likes]: Thanks bro for the cool information, your training videos were one of the first to come to my attention!
  7. @DenmarkDeVera-mg1ur: Wow same short
  8. @silvershelbygt500: Stop believing the lies about egg yolks. They're the best part of the egg with the most protein, vitamins, and minerals. You do yourself a disservice not eating them
  9. @paco2ski: As long as you not eating  6 egg at a time the amount of fat of a yoke is effectively  zero   8g  = 40 kCal.   Half protien is in yoke.   Just abandon throwing food away.
  10. @lagallinatomasita: What a load of BS this video is, talking about calories and throwing the "eat less" to people
This video should have a very big "danger" cartel on front
  11. @Radek_Konecki: If 1g of fat is 9 kcal, to lose 1 kg of fat (1 kg = 1000g) You have to spend 9000 kcal (1000x9), nnot 3500...
And with diet of 800 kcal for a grown man, Your metabolism will slow down verry fast... its not good diet :(
  12. @TheHuntermj: I'm already on carnivore diet, I'll just reduce that to just eggs!
  13. @TranquilVista: I think the mail benefit of the egg diet would be to get you into ketosis. Simple cutting calories doesn’t do that, and the video you chose is different than most I’ve watched. Most are almost no carbs. Never seen one that said to eat fruit 😂
  14. @elmirbrdar1045: Green Camomile tea lol
  15. @howdoesitgetbetter: The Egg Diet: Can You Really Lose Belly Fat in Just Two Weeks?  The Egg Diet promises significant weight loss in a short period, but it comes with risks. By creating a calorie deficit through a strict meal plan, individuals may lose weight quickly. However, the diet's low caloric intake can slow metabolism and lead to weight regain. A balanced approach with added calories and exercise is recommended for sustainable weight loss. The quest for quick weight loss solutions often leads people to extreme diets, and one such popular method is the Egg Diet. With claims of losing up to 20 pounds in just two weeks, many wonder if this diet is effective, safe, and worth trying. In this video, we will explore the details of the Egg Diet, its potential dangers, and how to approach weight loss more sustainably.

Understanding the Egg Diet
The Egg Diet is a low-calorie diet that primarily consists of eggs and a few other foods. It gained popularity after a video showcasing its effectiveness garnered over 20 million views. The premise is simple: if you consume fewer calories than you burn, you will lose weight. This fundamental principle of weight loss applies regardless of the specific diet you choose.

Daily Meal Breakdown

To illustrate how the Egg Diet works, let’s break down a typical day of eating:

Breakfast
Two eggs and tomatoes
Green tea
Total calories: Approximately 150 calories
This meal is light, but it sets the tone for the rest of the day.

Lunch
Four ounces of cod fish
Two hard-boiled egg whites
Frozen vegetables
Total calories: Approximately 300 calories
Lunch offers a bit more food, but it still remains low in calories.

Snack
One large apple
Total calories: Approximately 100 calories
A sweet treat to keep energy levels up.

Dinner
Four ounces of cottage cheese
One glass of low-fat milk
One piece of fried bread
Total calories: Approximately 250 calories

Dinner rounds out the day, but the total caloric intake remains low.

Total Caloric Intake
In total, the Egg Diet provides around 800 calories per day. For an average adult male who burns about 2,000 calories daily, this results in a 1,200 calorie deficit. Given that losing one pound of fat requires burning approximately 3,500 calories, this diet could theoretically lead to a weight loss of about 10 pounds in 30 days.

The Risks of the Egg Diet

While the prospect of rapid weight loss is appealing, the Egg Diet poses significant risks:

Nutritional Deficiency: Consuming only 800 calories is insufficient for most people, leading to potential deficiencies in essential nutrients.

Metabolic Slowdown: A drastic reduction in caloric intake can cause the body to adapt by slowing down metabolism, making it harder to lose weight over time.

Weight Regain: Once the diet ends, individuals may regain the weight lost, especially if they return to previous eating habits.

Recommendations for Sustainable Weight Loss
To achieve lasting weight loss, consider the following strategies:

Increase Caloric Intake: Aim for a more balanced diet that provides at least 1,300 to 1,500 calories per day, depending on your activity level.

Incorporate Exercise: Combine your diet with a workout program. Regular exercise not only burns calories but also helps maintain muscle mass during weight loss.

Track Your Steps: Aim for 10,000 steps per day to enhance your calorie-burning efforts.

Conclusion
The Egg Diet may offer a quick fix for weight loss, but its low caloric intake and potential health risks make it a less-than-ideal choice for sustainable weight management. Instead, focus on creating a calorie deficit through a balanced diet and regular exercise. By doing so, you can achieve your weight loss goals in a healthier and more sustainable way. If you're ready to take on this challenge, consider documenting your journey and sharing your progress with others for motivation and support.
  16. @davidj.4814: Stopped when you showed your "Green Tea?", with a laugh, obviously
  17. @FloydSchofieldIII: 1/26/25. 410 pounds im ready!!!!
  18. @andreaguerra6000: It’s not about calories. It’s about where the calories come from and what it does to your insulin.
  19. @vitya9011: Why Is Eating Eggs Not a Good Choice?
Cholesterol and Cardiovascular Disease
One egg contains approximately 186 mg of cholesterol, close to the recommended daily limit of 300 mg (per the American Heart Association). Studies show that regular egg consumption is associated with increased LDL ("bad") cholesterol levels, which heightens the risk of heart disease.

Risk of Type 2 Diabetes (T2D)
A 2019 meta-analysis found that consuming one egg per day increases the risk of developing type 2 diabetes by 27%, particularly in individuals already predisposed (e.g., those who are overweight).

Carcinogenic Compounds and Inflammation
Eggs contain choline, which is converted in the body into TMAO (trimethylamine-N-oxide). High levels of TMAO are linked to atherosclerosis and certain types of cancer, including prostate and colorectal cancer.

Food Safety and Antibiotic Resistance
Eggs are a leading cause of salmonella infections, contributing to approximately 78 million cases worldwide annually. Additionally, antibiotics used in industrial egg production drive the rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, a significant global health threat.

Environmental Impact
Producing just one egg requires around 200 liters of water. Industrial egg farming also contributes to greenhouse gas emissions, such as methane, exacerbating climate change and deforestation.

Animal Welfare Concerns
The egg industry kills billions of male chicks each year shortly after hatching because they are not economically viable. Even in "free-range" systems, hens endure harsh living conditions and are often subjected to painful practices like beak trimming.

Conclusion
Egg consumption negatively impacts health, the environment, and animal welfare. A plant-based diet can entirely avoid these issues while providing all necessary nutrients, including protein and B vitamins, from cruelty-free, sustainable sources.
  20. @hollyxytphh: should have replaced cherry tomatoes with broccolis or other leafy veggies and you could eat a lot more but less calories

- How Keto Diet Plan Can Help You Lose Weight.: Kind: captions Language: en Have you always followed a diet or a certain time, well, if this happens, people will also get to know a lot. My weight never increased. I was always slim, yes, I was slim. I used to eat something. When I used to see people who are so diet conscious, they say that nothing happens, eat, eat, eat, then everyone used to tell me that after 40 you will get to know, then your weight after 40-45, I used to say that nothing happens brother, after the birth of my children, I used to be so fat, after one and a quarter months, I became slim again. What did I do for that? I used to apply pocha at home and I used to become slim, brother, now even pocha will not fit, I will not become slim, even if I stop eating, I cannot become slim. As my weight was increasing, I had those pictures, if I were there, I would show them to me. At that time, when I used to look at the pictures, I used to feel that I have become so fat, there was bloating too, there is a lot of bloating, you can tell from your eyes, you can tell from your arms and this part of mine becomes very fat, from here, I used to feel that there is now I I have tried everything by controlling my food and sugar from my life and they say that you should eliminate sugar, bread and sugar, so I tried everything in your diet, it did not work out, then when I was on the set, there was a heroine, I will not take her name, she is the life of my life, she said to me why do you bother, you should do this, I said everyone tells me that by doing this keto and I have never done anything in my life, never, by doing this keto, the hair will fall off, the skin will get spoiled, only weight will reduce, all other disadvantages will occur, she said nothing will happen, you should do this, but after this you have to improve your diet, you have to take vitamins for hair, you have to take them for skin, nothing will happen if you take care, nothing will happen, so I did keto for one month, you think my weight had become 79 kg, 79 kg is a lot, after that I said that I want to increase it to 65, she said okay, believe me, after one and a half month my weight became 62, that is how much my weight was due to Atkin I went away from this very quickly, right? I took a multivitamin, for my hair and skin, because I always used to think that more than being thin, when you wake up in the morning and look in the mirror, see yourself fresh and see how you look without makeup, then your whole day goes very well, so I used to think that this, then I felt that no brother, this obesity is a very bad thing, not just because we appear on screen, it can be a bad thing for your health, you can have blood pressure, you can have diabetes, there can be many types of diseases, all the insurances, all the insurances and everything, and the other thing is self-satisfaction, you can wear whatever clothes you want, whatever brand of kurta I could not wear, I can wear whatever my heart desires, I feel comfortable wearing it, so you felt that the risk you took on diet gave you this benefit, you gave so much benefit, after that you say that yes, then suddenly the weight increases, it all increases because of your carelessness, then my sons used to tell me that Amma you have become very thin, when we look at you from behind, you do n't look like our Amma, we want that Amma, we want that Amma, children All the kids say that Amma, Amma, I do n't look like it, then I did 65 again, then now I am locked at 70, saying that I do n't want to go above 70, so I did that diet once, it's been two and a half years, three years, but after that I kept my weight under control, there is a risk that my weight would increase, which is very beneficial for you, and I say, whatever kind of diet you follow, you must first follow the side effects of that diet, see what you have to do and what you should not do, so that it does not happen that you give up everything, you take supplements, your hair and skin did not get damaged, so this is very good, and thank you so much for that artist, you should mention his name, so people know what he does, so what does he do, what is it, a hard work diet, you are going to weddings, you are not eating cake or anything like that, you are doing keto, you are eating only what is available, hard work, friend Will [Music] Power h

  Top Comments:
  1. @Annaa.C99 [106 likes]: I was skeptical at first, but after reading Woman's Weight Loss Secrets: The Unspoken Truth, I finally found the tools I needed to start seeing real progress.
  2. @samreensiyal9274 [58 likes]: Yes keto is best and magical diet, i did it, lost 22kgs and conceived twins after 11 years of infertility.
  3. @mm-uw8yc [8 likes]: The ketogenic (keto) diet — which is high in fat and protein and low in carbohydrates — doesn't meet standards for a healthy diet and may not be safe for some people with heart disease, according to a review in the March 2024 issue of Current Problems in Cardiology.

The review summarized the current evidence on how keto diets may raise heart disease risk. While the diet may dramatically reduce fat mass and weight over the short term, there is scarce evidence for any long-term benefit.
  4. @SaminaShahid-pq5tq [4 likes]: What is  keto  khan sa search  karon
  5. @abidaali3900 [4 likes]: Nida ka dress bohot piyara hy
  6. @Academyofscienc [3 likes]: Kon kon tick tock sy watch Kar Kay ay h
  7. @bilal-lq9yg [3 likes]: Plz diet b bta dy
  8. @BUDDHA_BASAVANNA [3 likes]: South asians are mainly made of carbhohydrates to the core,so minimal carbs are essential to body,a kannada actors wife in my karnataka state southindia,lost her life due to keto diet from hypovolaemic shock😢😢😢😢
  9. @bushrausmanhayat9782 [3 likes]: U aged woman
  10. @theknowledgehub-r2f [1 likes]: Pakistan me sab ulta he q hota hy wu log diet per lesson day    rahay hen jo na expert hen or na un ki apni fitness
  11. @Academyofscienc [1 likes]: Kon kon 2025 ma dhk Raha h?
  12. @nayyargousia2559 [1 likes]: Ye keto kia hota hy ?
  13. @IsmailKhan-u1j3j: Ya Kya hota ha bai ab
  14. @IffiAli-p4i: Henn jhout ye 70 ki nh ho Santa
  15. @Soul_Rise-c3n: Give me idea for weight lose
  16. @HKKhan1002: سوشل میڈیا اور آنٹیاں ۔
مرد و زن میں  شہوت بڑھنے کی  بڑی وجہ سوشل میڈیا اور موبائل فون ہیں ۔ جو عورتیں  اپنی عمر سے کم دیکھنا چاہتی  ہیں وہ  بے روزگار اور نکمے نوجوانوں کے ہتھے چڑھ رہی ہیں ۔تمام عورتیں گورا لگنے اور  سلمنگ انجکشنکے چکر میں ۔ بدنظری عورتوں اور مردوں میں سیکس ہارمون بڑھنے کا با عث بنتی ہے ۔ گھروں میں جھگڑے عشق معشوقی کلچر دین سے دوری کی بڑی وجہ ہیں ۔ بے شک مومن کو دنیا سے زیادہ آخرت کی فکر ہوتی ہے ۔ جنت میں کون جاسکے گا ہے کون کس کے ساتھ ہوگا اس بات کا فیصلہ ادھر ہو ہوگا ۔ آقا کریم  صلَّی اللہ علیہ واٰلہٖ وسلَّم نے بیان فرمائی ہیں اس مضمون میں اسی حوالے سے چند اہم باتیں ذکر کی جائیں گی چنانچہ نبیِّ کریم  صلَّی اللہ علیہ واٰلہٖ وسلَّم نے فرمایا :  میں نے جنّت میں جھانکا تو اس میں اکثر لوگ فقراء تھے اور میں نے جہنم میں جھانکا تو اس میں اکثر عورتیں تھیں۔نیز ایک مرتبہ رسولُ اللہ  صلَّی اللہ علیہ واٰلہٖ وسلَّم نے عورتوں کو مخاطب کرکے فرمایا کہ عورتو !  صدقہ کیا کرو کیونکہ میں نے اکثر تم کو جہنمی دیکھا ہے۔  تو خواتین نے عرض کی اس کی کیا وجہ ہے  ؟  (آپ نے اس کی 2 وجہیں بیان فرمائیں) (1)تم لعن طعن بہت کرتی ہو (2)اور تم شوہر کی ناشکری کرتی ہو۔[2]
  17. @ShamimBibi-f4j: ❤
  18. @ShiminShimin-l9s: ATTENTION PAKISTANIS,
DR ASAD BUTT DIET IS A SCAM! Allah ki Kasam!
I saw tiktok videos on weight transformations by Dr Asad Butt. He had his WhatsApp number which says you have to buy diet & exercise packages by months! He takes money in british pound currency as he says he is a British doctor.
I bought his program and after that he simply sent a a very ordinary diet chart and exercise chart for 6 months. Thats it!
  19. @SabeenShafaqat: 😂
  20. @LifewithHorain171: Nice

- 30 Days of Eating JUST ONE Sweet Potato Does This to the Body: Kind: captions Language: en what would happen if you ate one sweet potato every day for 30 days well let's go ahead and jump right into this the first thing that you would notice is going to be a digestive benefit and I say this because the data does demonstrate that it only takes one or two days to start noticing the digestive effect of a sweet potato in fact there was a study that was published in the journal cancer nursing they took a look at leukemia patients that were going through chemotherapy and if you've dealt with chemotherapy before you know those people deal with a lot of constipation a lot of bowel issues what they found here is that adding in 200 grams of sweet potato corrected their bowel issues in less than two days within two days their constipation improved and their digestion improved compared to the group that did not have the sweet potato so the reason that I mentioned that is because this probably is the quickest thing you'll notice okay when you're talking just 200 grams of sweet potato 80 of that is insoluble fiber that is very very potent when it comes down to overall just digestion but there's a secondary effect that happens a little bit longer term as well now the cool thing is if you look longer term there's an interesting effect that happens when you consume sweet potatoes that's independent of just the fiber so with this we look at a study that was published in the Journal of agriculture in food chemistry it's very interesting because in this case they took the anthocyanins the antioxidants that are in sweet potatoes and they treated gut bacteria with that and they noticed that the bad bacteria died off and the good bacteria flourished and we ultimately were left with more butyrate producing bacteria now butyrate producing bacteria are the best kind of bacteria that we can have in the gut so with this we're in a really good spot so we have a short-term benefit when it comes down to constipation digestion then we have a longer term effect on the gut microbiome that is completely independent of the fiber in and of itself now the next thing that you might notice this is going to be something that you notice maybe four or five days after having a sweet potato daily is you start to notice reductions in your joint pain and you'll probably notice improvements in your complexion and the reason behind this isn't again it's not just the fiber it more so has to do with the potent antioxidants that are in sweet potatoes so specifically we're talking about anthocyanins now anthocyanins are tremendous when it comes down to reducing oxidative stress so oxidative stress is the stress that's created from well any kind of stress just the stress of fuel metabolism the stress of Life the stress of workouts it creates these Road electrons that circulate through our body and they react with different things and when they react with different things they essentially cause this stress and oxidation so what's interesting is anthocyanins that are in sweet potatoes are one of the most potent antioxidants that we can get in food so this manifests a lot in how our skin looks and feels it manifests a lot in our joint pain and reductions of inflammation there and if you start looking at recovery like trying to get more of an overall sport benefit or just a workout benefit it's interesting because there was a study that looks specifically at this as well so this study was published in a journal of Applied physiology had subjects run for seven days seven days of running okay and they gave them a high or a low sweet potato polyphenol treatment okay so they had low polyphenols or high polyphenols and they had them go for a run at 70 percent of their VO2 max and then they measured blood levels of oxidative damage polyphenol content and a couple other things immediately after exercise and a couple hours after exercise the results are pretty interesting they found there was an increase in antioxidant capacity meaning they had more antioxidants available but also dramatic reductions in oxidative stress leading to better recovery okay so that's something that you would notice probably inside of five to seven days if you're working out a lot you're normally getting sore and you don't feel like you're recovering that well you might find that a sweet potato actually helps you out and it's not because of the carbs it's not because of the fiber it's more so because of the antioxidants now the next piece that you would notice might be something that takes more like a week to kick in and that's going to be the memory and the cognition benefit and the research here is pretty powerful so in the short term you have these improvements in spatial memory and working memory over the longer term there's actually prevention of cognitive decline so you actually get better off as far as preventing neurodegenerative conditions so with this we look at a study that was published in molecular medicine reports okay it is a rodent model study they took rats and they induced a lot of neuroinflammation inflammation in the brain by giving them a very high fat diet so a high calorie high fat diet and what they found when they divided rats into a high fat diet a high fat diet with sweet potatoes or a sweet potato diet only is that the group that had the high fat diet that had the sweet potatoes with it ended up having protection against the inflammation that came from the high fat diet so it reduced cyclo oxygenase enzyme two it reduced tumor necrosis Factor Alpha it reduced interleukin-6 essentially what it did is it reduced the brain inflammation that was associated with a bad diet so what this tells us as far as the brain is concerned sweet potatoes could be very protective against somewhat of a bad diet so I'm not suggesting that you go eat a terrible diet but adding a sweet potato into the mix might actually help you out quite a bit then they also saw there was increases in their working memory so it actually improved memory at the same time while protecting against inflammation then there was a study published in dementia and neurophysiologia this was interesting because it looked at sweet potato extract and they found that sweet potato extract was good for protecting the brain longer term so again decreasing inflammation but also increasing bdnf brain derived nootropic Factor so essentially it helped the brain produce more neurons more overall just Network so by having an increase in bdnf the brain cells can literally grow more so short term you'll notice improvements in memory and cognition long term who knows you might actually even get smarter there's also some really interesting benefits as far as fiber is concerned when it comes down to the brain we forget that the more diverse our gut microbiome the more impact it has on our brain so you remember we have this thing called the gut brain axis our gut communicates with our brain via multiple different Pathways predominantly via the vagus nerve okay so this gut brain axis means healthy gut Healthy Mind you've probably heard that talked about before so the more that we can add good fibers in and antioxidants that are supportive of the good bacteria in our gut the more that we are able to have healthy serotonin levels helping our brain feel better so overall for mood and for memory and all these things sweet potatoes have a secondary impact as well that's why I'm always such a big fan of having a diverse diet and getting a diversity of fibers into your diet however you can people also ask a lot with this if a probiotic would help if the gut bacteria is something that's so important and the short answer is yes especially if you're really starting to make a change so if you're trying to impact your gut bacteria in a positive way and you haven't been eating healthy for a longer period of time then it is a good idea to add a probiotic in because it kind of kick-starts everything I put a link down below for a company called seed that's really the only probiotic that I would recommend these days it has a capsule inside of a capsule so if you look at it it's really unique like it literally has a small capsule inside of a larger capsule so you're getting proper staging so you're getting the proper delivery and the proper potential colonization of the bacteria so it's what's called a symbiotic it has Prebiotic fibers and the probiotics in it okay so very unique stuff so anyway that link down below will save you 15 off your entire order through seed if you want to try their symbiotic and they also have something called pdos08 which is their kids probiotic as well which is very very interesting so that link down below just below this video Top Line in the description between 7 and 14 days in you might start noticing an improvement in your sleep now a lot of the data here is somewhat speculative but we do know the correlation between fiber and sleep now for one a more diverse microbiome can help you sleep and more fiber can help you sleep in that way but the fiber in a sweet potato could also help you out when it comes down to preventing the blood sugar crashes that wake you up in the middle of the night now it's not the blood sugar crash itself that wakes you up it's when your blood sugar goes low and your brain glucose goes low so the body reduces produces adrenaline and cortisol to wake you up when this happens obviously you're you're waking up and you're trying to get more blood sugar into the bloodstream so that you can survive because the body is sounding the alarms so with this you start to notice okay more fibers in the diet this isn't as much of an issue there's also just enough of an insulin spike in a sweet potato to help you sleep okay you need a little bit of insulin to allow tryptophan to get into the brain that additionally sweet potatoes are also high in tryptophan remember tryptophan converts into serotonin which then converts into melatonin and that whole process cannot happen unless insulin is present to allow the tryptophan into the brain in competition with other amino acids so just the right amount of carbohydrates to help you sleep then there's also a bunch of potassium and vitamin B6 which is required for melatonin production not to mention there's a bunch of magnesium which is really good for Gaba production Gaba is what makes your brain feel calm and it's really the St you want to be in especially in the evening time a little bit more of a longer term thing that you might notice 20 30 even 60 90 days later on down the line is going to be a cardiovascular benefit and with this we turn to some rodent model data but still very interesting stuff there was a study that was published in the journal life now this was done on hamsters but still really interesting they gave these hamsters a high cholesterol diet and they gave them sweet potato leaf extract because the leaves of a sweet potato have a higher concentration of those antioxidants what they found was very very cool not only did the sweet potato leaf extract reduce their overall cholesterol levels it also reduced their LDL levels between 30 and 48 percent now no matter where you stand in the whole world of LDL cholesterol being good bad ugly and different the fact that it's reducing cholesterol and reducing LDL in a high cholesterol diet is hugely impactful but they also had decrease in their atherogenic index meaning their overall cardiovascular disease risk factors had gone down and they noticed that their antioxidant score went up and their reactive oxygen species oxidative stress went down and the researchers speculate that it has to do mostly with the reactive oxygen species and the fighting of oxidative stress as to why sweet potatoes had this benefit so it's not because of the fiber it's not because it's a plant it's because of the antioxidants seem to have a powerful effect on our cardiovascular system now this next study is a little bit longer term and we're talking about metabolic Health this was a 12-week study so this would be something that you might notice if you stuck with having a sweet potato every day for a long time okay the study was published in Diabetes Care and they found that when subjects had just four grams of sweet potato daily for 12 weeks they had significant reductions in hba1c reductions in their fasting glucose and reductions in their two hour postprandial glucose so when you look at the world of insulin resistance it's easy to think oh I don't want to have carbohydrates at all carbohydrates are going to cause a problem when in reality it's the kind of carbohydrate you have that could be the problem sweet potatoes are still relatively high glycemic index but what's interesting about sweet potatoes is because of the antioxidants you're granted a little bit of amnesty with them so it's not all about GI it's about what is actually in this food itself so longer term taking care of our metabolic Health could be a very huge thing the good news is a small sweet potato you're only looking at 30 or 40 grams of carbohydrates so you don't need to go all the way and go ham and have 200 grams of carbs even if you're doing a low carb diet by having one sweet potato at night you're still well within the realm of a low carb diet you're just getting all the benefit plus the benefits of low carb too so don't hate on me for talking about the carbs when in reality it might be something that's really good for your diet I'll see it tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThomasDeLauerOfficial [6 likes]: Get my Free 1-Week Gut Health Protocol. No strings attached. Just good info: http://www.thomasdelauer.com/gut-health
  2. @denisemilfort22 [3 likes]: It’s okay to rest, it’s actually the fourth commandment, A commandment, right up there with thou shall not kill, so please get your rest, your voice needs it🙏🏿
  3. @jossfangirl [2 likes]: Corrects bowel issues. 200 grams a day within 2 days. Long term - antioxidants and butyrate producing bacteria increases. In 4-5 days you will notice anthocyanon effects - better skin and reduction in joint pain.  Helps in exercize recovery. After a week - better memory. Decreases neurodegenterative damage. Increases in working memory. Helped increase BDNF and brain health and mood. Prevents blood sugar spikes. Better sleep. Possibly reduces cholesterol levels. Long term - 4 grams a day (or 40? 4 grams seems low)  is good for metabolic health and helps with insulin resistance.
  4. @MaxKeppeler [1 likes]: I can't stop laughing hearing him talk so serious about the benefits while his voice gives up lol great video despite that
  5. @andrewparker2810 [1 likes]: I was eating regular ones for a minute then I tried the Japanese one yesterday… so good
  6. @brolouiern9526 [1 likes]: I believed eating 1 sweet potato a day causes voice hoarsiness ;+))
  7. @iftikharabbasi1983: Thanks for putting up, its a help.
  8. @MissionMuscleUp: I've been eating these sweet potatoes DAILY, air fried, I'm talking 2-3 sweet potatoes daily... For the past 9 months... And, weight falls off... Toilet time is always easy breezy...  I feel great. Looking into more videos about possible benefits I might be missing from sweet potatoes. Ty for the video
  9. @LadyIce-x3u: I stop cravings sweet sugary when i start eat sweet potato everyday
  10. @NYRunnerJai: Great video although its extremely over-hyped!
  11. @RIAANCOETZEE-ly3vv: Is is all the good stuff you're mentioning relevant to the "orange" sweet potato as well - it seems you might be referring to the "purple" sweet potato. Thanks.
  12. @Cryceli6495: 🤔Is there any best time to eat yams or it doesn’t matter?
  13. @KaiHonsou: Why talk about the benefits from anthocyanins and show orange sweet potatoes that have none? Why talk about sweet potatoes when talking about orange and sweet potatoes when they are so different when it comes to something uniquely beneficial as anthocyains?
  14. @lthen81: :hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving::hand-pink-waving:
  15. @christianduval8374: But they say it's loaded with oxalates.
  16. @DonnellaBuxton: One of the oldest living people the average old is 100 and these people eat 80% sweet potato this is a village in Japan.
  17. @imeldasweeney9183: U r a patriot
  18. @Bos396: He’s talking about purple potato’s not orange. Same as blueberry’s. The resistant starch is amazing for your gut either color
  19. @Pepejoe011: Let"s speed up the memory benefits. Been eating sweet potatoes for awhile.
  20. @Brinb: Great video thank you God bless

- 5 Species of Mackerel (Genus Scomber) | Mackerels With Their Scientific Names: Kind: captions Language: en Blue Mackerel (Scomber australasicus) Atlantic Chub Mackerel (Scomber colias) Indian Chub Mackerel (Scomber indicus) Pacific Chub Mackerel (Scomber japonicus) Atlantic mackerel (Scomber scombrus)

  Top Comments:
  1. @chisaquaticvibe [3 likes]: Mackerel eat smaller fish and zooplankton.
  2. @odunayooshuntoyinbo1383 [2 likes]: Atlantic Mackerel is the sweetest and the best.
  3. @Xuruyi [1 likes]: How do i tell my friends that this is my humor
  4. @MariaRowenaSarsonas [1 likes]: Makarel
  5. @m42037 [1 likes]: Wanted to see what king mackerel looks like and make sure I'm eating the good mackerel, king is full of mercury
  6. @tchoupique99 [1 likes]: Real talks
  7. @KernBoris48: Mackerel is a highly nutritious fish packed with essential vitamins and minerals. Here are the main vitamins found in mackerel:

1. Vitamin B12 – Very high in mackerel; supports nerve function and red blood cell formation.


2. Vitamin D – Helps with calcium absorption and bone health.


3. Vitamin A – Important for vision, immune function, and skin health.


4. Vitamin B6 – Supports brain health and metabolism.


5. Niacin (Vitamin B3) – Helps convert food into energy and supports skin and nerve health.


6. Riboflavin (Vitamin B2) – Aids in energy production and cellular function.


7. Folate (Vitamin B9) – Important for cell repair and growth.


8. Vitamin E – Acts as an antioxidant and helps protect cells from damage.



Mackerel is also rich in omega-3 fatty acids, protein, selenium, iodine, and iron—all crucial for overall health.

Want me to break down the health benefits of each vitamin it contains?

- 🐟👨‍🍳 Saba – “Fish a cook to man and he can’t teach!” (Game): Kind: captions Language: en Teach a man to cook and he can't fish.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SabaSun_clips [18 likes]: "Teach a fish to fish and he can fish"
  2. @raikohadvent [8 likes]: Cook a man to fish to teach a man cook man fish fish, yes.
  3. @lammatt [7 likes]: Gigi be proud
  4. @liquidrax [5 likes]: As a man I can confirm I can't cook and saba sun may I stream the saba game to my 4 followers on twitch