- Branded ads vs. Direct response ads (which should you run to scale in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Brand ads versus direct response ads. Which ads should you run in 2026 if you want to scale your Facebook ad account? With that being said, let's dive into the video. First off, before we actually dive into which one you should run, let's first off and just start diving into what are brand ads and what are direct response ads. Brand ads, these things have been common. We've likely seen these with Nike, for example, Apple, even like Reebok and a couple of the other brands. Uh, one of the very common ones is like Nike find your greatness right here. This this particular video right here actually goes through and showcases all of the iterations and variations of that one core message that they were trying to amplify right there and showcase a variety of different examples and stuff of, you know, people attempting to try to find their greatness and stuff. basically just signaling to people that, hey, regardless of what limitations you may have that are opposed by society and stuff, you can still find your greatness. But you'll notice here, there's nothing really technically calling out for you to to buy clothing or buy anything related to Nike. It's just more so amplification of a message that they, you know, technically feel strongly about. Another one of my favorites right here is the Lamborghini Huracan Technica video right here where it basically just goes through and creates this video of like who is that type of person that drives a Lamborghini, right? Technically, there's no real call to action here. It's not like, hey, here's this person now like go buy a Lamborghini. It's just more so, hey, who is this person that reps Lamborghini? basically so uh signaling identification out of a crowd. Basically, people who resonate with this particular person are going to be more interested. It's like Lamborghini versus say, you know, like other people and stuff. So, really cool route. I really like this a lot. But again, there's no real like it doesn't sell a product. It's not really selling you the Lamborghini or anything like that. It's just more amplification of that core message right there. And then lastly, we have Apple's one of Apple's most famous commercials, which is the 1984 uh Macintosh commercial right here, where it really just focuses on echoing this going against the grain, going against this, you know, in a world where everyone's following one person or following one route, go against the grain. And that's essentially what they're echoing with this particular, you know, similarity, escaping that everyone's following, everyone's brainwashed basically. and this one person has individuality. And that's really what they're they're signaling in this fight right here, going against that lead or going against the grain. Um, and they do a really good job at echoing that particular message with this. But again, there's no real selling of anything here, you know. Um, and to be honest, just after reviewing these, like Nike and Apple definitely lean a lot more on the brand side, whereas the Lamborghini one's a little questionable right there, just because, uh, you know, they're really highlighting the product throughout it versus, you know, Nike and Apple right there. So, if I would say, hey, out of these three, I would definitely put more Nike and Apple as the main ones of like technically brand ads. Brand ads communicate a unique message about around the brand that resonates with people. Whereas direct response ads, these ads right here, their whole goal is to get people to actually go ahead and take a particular action right here. So this this ad right here by Honeylove was active for 261 days where the whole ad highlights a particular product. What makes it different compared to other products, you know, like this particular product in the marketplace? It highlights the features, the benefits, and at the end of the day, it, you know, get you to take a call to action, even optimizing for purchases and stuff here, getting you to make a purchase. And then here's another ad right here. Basically, same type of product, just again shot in a different perspective right here. More like UGC creator, person talking to the camera and stuff, whereas the other one was more kind of voice over, B-roll, and stuff. This person tries it on, talks about all the benefits and all those good things. And again, has a direct call to action for people to buy. Now, this is just another example here where this one is just instead of a video, it's a photo in a completely different product right here where this person right here is communicating this idea of like a new mechanism for uh COPD patients, for example. And they have this long form copy with the uh native looking image right here. And in this example right here, what they're doing is again, they're getting you to go take an action here. Go read the article, and the article gets you to purchase. So again, all about the product, the problem people are experiencing, why previous solutions haven't worked, and stuff like that, and a lot more, hey, I need a response type of thing. That's why it's called direct response ads. Now, what does each of these ads do? Well, brand ads create awareness for the brand. It's it's selling the brand and that's it. It's not selling the product. It's not selling the products. It's selling what does this brand stand for? What is the brand uh value, core identity, all of those things right there? And then direct response ads, these are getting users to take action with a brand. What do I mean by that? That means that hey, like you have this problem, here's the solution. Buy now. or hey, today we're running 50% off or here's why our product is better or you know here's three upgrades you can make to your home to make it a lot better. You know, we're not really communicating and echoing this thing about the brand just to create awareness for it. We're more communicating to get people to take an action today. We want people to purchase it in the day and that's the whole goal of the app. The big question here is which one should I run? Well, for majority of people, direct response ads because direct response ads, these are ads that actually make people money. These are the ads that you launch an ad, you can track a quantifiable like number behind it, purchases, amount spent, all of those things. Whereas brand awareness ads, we're not really optimizing for people that want to make a purchase. We're optimizing purely just for engagement and exposure to the brand right there. In this case right here, we're not really looking for what I would say like a direct conversion on that particular ad. That's the difference between a brand awareness ad and direct response ad. In that case right there, it really just depends on what stage of business you are in. 90% of people that watch this YouTube channel, they're in positions where they're making maybe a couple thousand dollars a month to a couple hundredk a month with their brand and they want to scale it further. you should be running direct response ads, but no one realistically on this YouTube channel is like a Nike or a Reebok or, you know, like UFC, for example, where they're doing hundreds of millions of dollars a year in revenue and can afford literally just to spend money on content that communicates a message about their brand to be able to just create awareness for their brand. So, because of that right there, 90% of y'all watching this video, just run direct response ads. That's the thing that's actually going to pay your bills and get you being able to scale your accounts. The other 10% off, five to 10% of y'all that are doing five to$10 million a month in revenue and absolutely crushing it with your business, then I wouldn't just run one or the other. It's let's add uh brand awareness ads on top of our direct response ads that are already converting. That way we can funnel more people in for the direct response ads to convert. Now, when I say that, a lot of people think that's just going to be cheap conversions. No, it's it's more so that we're spending so much on direct response ads, we're kind of capped out of how many more people we can target. So then from there we want to start spending on other engagement types just to create awareness for the brand itself and that's where um brand ads come into play. If you enjoyed this video hit the like button, hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday and Friday. And if you want me to mentor you, go over your ads, creatives, your ad account, all of those good things, uh then click the link below to have Nick Terrier mentor you. And if you want me to run your ads, create your creatives, run your ad account, all those good things, then click below to have Nick Terrier run your ads. Thank you all so much for watching. Hope you have a good rest of your day. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielwrightecom [2 likes]: If the CPA targets and creatives are the same, does it make sense to combine markets like the UK, AU, and NZ into one campaign, especially since they only account for ~20% of total sales? One issue we’ve seen in the past is that when countries are combined, a single market can take up most of the spend unprofitably. Is that the main reason it’s usually better to split countries, so budgets can be managed and controlled at a country level?
  2. @saviland-savilandofficialn3735 [1 likes]: I was optimizing my ads based on Charley T's GPT & CPA, but the CBO had too many ad groups and ads. When I simplified the CBO's 3:2:2 structure and stopped testing new ad sets, I encountered a problem: growth stopped. It seems unnecessary to create winner-control ad sets？The CBO will automatically allocate ads to each funnel at the ad tier, so the ad set allocation budget problem he mentioned doesn't exist?
  3. @N_geezy [1 likes]: I tried not to disable the ads during testing for 7 days, as the guys said. Sometimes, I swear, you have to disable an ad set from the second day because it blocks performance.
  4. @wealthliteracy6093 [1 likes]: The problem with most advertisers and businesses is that they are running their direct response ads in awareness campaign and their branded ads in sales/leads campaign. 😂 

And these are the advertisers/businesses ranting online that Meta ads’ sucks. 🤦
  5. @NickLeroytus [1 likes]: Do u run other channels besides meta, like youtube? tiktok?
  6. @syafuzmeero2 [1 likes]: Heyy Nick, I am struggling with structuring my creative ideas. If I have 2–3 strong Text Hook options for a single concept/video (targeting the same desire and awareness), would you treat them as separate concepts or combine them into one concept? I have 3 visual variations as well.
  7. @seleneashford2 [1 likes]: In the ad set’s attribution settings, do you leave the default 1-day engaged-view attribution for videos enabled?
  8. @Ivyv-o5j [1 likes]: Hi Nick, do you also retarget video viewers from your brand awareness ads to a SALES ad?
  9. @SASA-y2i7p [1 likes]: If the customer is higher than product-aware, do you almost always use a pre-lander?
  10. @SASA-y2i7p [1 likes]: Hi Nick!
In a Facebook ad account, the setup usually goes:
- CBO by Market / Product
- Ad sets by Concept
But:
- Where do avatar and angle separation fall?
- Should they be separated structurally?
  11. @SamarthTalati [1 likes]: Hey Nick!
1. Should an ad:
- take the customer through multiple awareness stages, or
- start at one awareness level and let the funnel handle the rest?
2. As you go down the awareness levels, do hooks and messaging become more specific?
3. How do you address market sophistication vs awareness stages?
  12. @TGroup-c8w [1 likes]: When testing ads for a product, should ads be created separately for TOF, MOF, and BOF (i.e. customers at different awareness levels)?
  13. @TGroup-c8w [1 likes]: Hi Nick, thank you for the video above, I have some questions that out of context for it though.

1. What is the difference between avatar vs angle vs concept?
2. When you say “divide by concept,” do you actually mean angle, or is concept a different layer?
3. Is VSL vs UGC vs static:
an angle,
a concept,
or just a format?
  14. @markodankic [1 likes]: Hey Nick, l have a question. If I have a low budget, lets say 5 dollars a day, with how many adsets should I start my caimpaign and how many new  adsets(ad concepts) should I test per week.
  15. @Clipsmarker [1 likes]: Hey Nick im a big fan of yours from South Africa i have started my SMMA or media buying career in Jan, I have pretty good results from when I was just practicing with my friend's ecom business.

I wanna ask since am new in the media buying, do you advise me to continue working  ecom brand or I should move to the lead gen side until I feel like I'm super good and I'm ready?
  16. @nicholasteguras [1 likes]: How important is it to introduce the primary pain point right after the hook to keep viewers engaged? Would you always do primary pain, or could the 3–10 second window instead focus on an emotional benefit, a bold claim, or curiosity?
  17. @gabrielvincens12 [1 likes]: Hi Nick! For a 200k brand should the media buying be done by the creative strategist or it should be done by a separate Media Buyer role? Also, do you just do Meta ads? How about google, tiktok, applovin?
  18. @entertech7293 [1 likes]: nick, our cpc & cpm's are way higher, like 2x higher. we are profitable but these kinda stuff hurts, we launch new ads after research, but nothing seems to help here. i dono am i doing wrong or market is a reason too.
  19. @Yuki-nj2df [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I just got a new CC ad account for my new brand and launched some of the best creatives I’ve made, following your setup exactly:

1 campaign
1 ad set
3 creatives
All broad.

However, it’s been over 24 hours, and the campaign has only spent $0.25. (I’m also using a brand-new pixel)

Do you know what could be causing such low delivery, and in a situation like this, would you recommend setting a minimum spend or duplicating the entire campaign to get it spending? Thank You Nick🙏
  20. @kevingenie89 [1 likes]: Great content! But how can we measure if a brand awareness ad is crushing it?

- Why direct response marketers get rich...not wealthy: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I want to break down the difference between branding and direct response marketing and why not deeply understanding the differences costing you millions and millions of dollars and ultimately the amount of money that you probably want to make. And if you don't know who I am, my name's Alexi. I own acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that is about $85 million a year in revenue. All right, I make these videos because I was once broke and I've learned a lot of lessons along the way and I don't want the pain that I experienced to be in vain. All right, that's why I make these. So, that being said, branding versus direct response. I think this is one of the more interesting topics that I have dove into over the last year or so and it's come from a variety of different conversations I've had with top marketers. And this morning I had a conversation with Dean Graciosi who um is a phenomenal world-class marketer and we talked for like an hour this morning just about this concept of the response. And I thought I would share some of the the lessons or discussion points that we had with you so that you can hopefully benefit. And so the first point is that you may have heard this in in my book $100 million offers, but the longer you delay the ask, the bigger the ask can be. Uh so for example, you know, if you're if you can use this in any situation, whether you're, you know, courting a lady or a guy or whatever, you know, if in the first 5 seconds you're like, "Hey, let's go home together." It's like, well, you might have some audience that'd be willing to do that, but the vast majority of people would not be willing to do that. But if you date for, you know, 6 months, then that might be something that would be almost everybody would be willing to do that after 6 months, depending on whatever rel beliefs. That's not my point here. But you can get the idea that a higher and higher percentage of people would be willing to take you up on an offer if they had spent more and more time with you. And so the longer the delay, the bigger the ask. And the visual that I like to ascribe to this is the the longer the runway, the bigger the plane that can take off. And so the bigger the payload you can get based on the amount you delay. to the same degree. If you've seen um Gary Vee, he's he's a he's an influencer and he owns a marketing agency um out of New York and he spent I want to say 10 years or 12 years building his personal brand and then he finally had his ask which was hey buy my NFT and then within the span of you know 6 months ended up making like $100 million from that NFT launch. Right now I would make the argument that the NFT launch itself was actually direct marketing play whereas everything prior to that was really about building the brand. different examples of this that I think would be important to drive the point home and why I think that many many many marketers start in direct response and then end up in branding is because of what I'm about to share with you. So please listen closely to this if you are trying to make more money. If you look at most big consumer brands, you look at you know Colgate or Crest or you know shampoo brands right that have been here for a very long time they're not offering two for one deals. They're not like, "Hey, go buy this toothpaste for 50% off, right?" That's not actually what they're doing. They're just talking about the products. And if you look at some of these bigger celebrities that exist, you look at Dwayne Johnson, The Rock, built his huge brand and then said, "Hey, I'm I'm offering this. I'm I'm starting this tequila. You guys should check it out." Conor McGregor, Conor McGregor built up, you know, his personal brand, then said, "Hey, check out Proper 12." Kylie Jenner was like, "Hey, built up her brand." And then she did her lip kits. And so what's interesting is that brand people are now realizing is an amazing arbitrage opportunity for maximizing value. And I think part of the reason behind this is that goodwill compounds faster than revenue does. And so hear me out. Think through this with me. If you've seen somebody who's consistently been selling, and this may be you, what happens is you provide value in some way and then you extract the value that you've the equity in the relationship through monetizing it through an ask or some sort of right hook as they say, just getting them to try and buy something, right? And the thing is is that whenever you make an ask, you decrease your goodwill, right? And so you kind of have to start over at zero again and then you build up goodwill and then you and you ask and then it goes back to zero again, right? So you're constantly depositing and extracting uh capital in the relationship and the hope is that it costs you less to deposit than you make on the extraction, right? Like that's fundamentally what like traditional direct response marketing is at at its most basic form, right? And the reason it is direct response is that we are actively requesting a direct reply or immediate action as a result of seeing our advertisement, right, of any kind. To contrast that with branding, what we're doing with branding is that we are reinforcing the values and the stories that people tell about our products and services. All right? So, we're reinforcing stories versus asking for actions. And you might be like, well, I, you know, branding doesn't make sense. And I want to tell you this because when I started out my career, I thought that every single company that did branding was I was like, you guys are idiots. If you guys understood how direct response worked, you guys would make more money. I'm such a genius, blah blah blah blah blah. And I was wrong, as I often am. And the more I studied these massive companies, I was like, okay, so all of these companies all do this type of marketing, whereas little old me is doing this quick, you know, jab, right hook, whatever of just of just give ask, give ask, give ask, give ask and always just, you know, depositing enough value in order to extract the value later. And the thing is is people get it. People have seen it. They know the game. And yes, it does work to a limited degree, right? But it's very, very rare to find a massive, massive direct response company. I'm not saying they don't exist, but I would say the preponderance of enormous companies are not direct response-based companies. And so, why is that? And I would posit and this is my theory and this is what I talked to Dean this morning about at at length is the difference between direct response and branding is not the ROI on the advertisement itself but on the time horizon with which we measure it. All right. And so in direct response, you're always calculating your return on ad spend immediately rather than thinking, can I build up this brand and then look at the return you're getting on that brand overall over an extended period of time. And so I'll give you a classic example to illustrate the difference. If I were selling t-shirts, a direct response marketer might have a cool funny meme thing, aggressively market it, have upsells of two of two of the same shirts, five of the same shirts, getting on continuity for each meme shirt every month, blah blah blah blah, right? That would be a typical direct response marketing plan. Not to say you can't make money doing it. You can. And that's this is the big exception I'm having here, right? Is that like you can become a millionaire doing small games. All right? So, I'm not saying you can't do it. You absolutely can. It's just that what type of game would you prefer to play? And I can say that as I've I've aged or weathered in the game, I continue to shift more and more towards branding. But I do think there's a balance that needs to be struck. But from a from a branding perspective, in that same example, it would be spending a year talking about what your values are, the the stories that you want people to tell about you and your company, and then you can simply put your brand on a t-shirt and people will pay $100 for it, right? And so then what is the return on the advertising you did for that year? Well, if you can sell t-shirts for $100 rather than trying to arbit rather than trying to arbitrage, you know, meme t-shirts and discounts and bundling and doing all sorts of more complex things and just simply saying if you believe what we believe, vote with your dollars about the things that you care about, align with us. And that's fundamentally what branding is. When branding works very well is when what you are saying about your brand clarifies what people are already saying. And so a lot of times people have a general gist of what your brand is. Hopefully it's what you want. Oftentimes it's not. And this is especially true in the direct response marketing community at large because people say terrible things about the people who are doing their direct response. And so their brand is the reputation and the things that other people say about you, right? In an example that um Elon Musk gave an interview, I can't remember where he gave it, he talked about how the consumer is the one that creates your brand. He said if you look at I think he gave the example of Toyota and Ford but the point is not necessarily the brands but more so the message which is he said listen you know Ford talked about being reliable and being high quality etc. He said in Toyota, their marketing never said that. And yet Toyota is the company that's known for being reliable and high quality and things like that compared to the Fords, right? He said, so as much you can say whatever you want in the in the marketing messaging, but it has to be true. And so to my interpretation of that is what you want to do is give people the words to describe your brand that are true and just give them the words to say rather than trying to redefine the thoughts they have. And I think that that is really what comes to effective branding and doing that deliberately. As an added point to that, this is something that I got from Grant Cardone, which has been one of one of the really deep and profound lessons I think I got from our our our two conversations we've had about marketing in general. But one, first off, the many people who who who don't like Grant, you have to appreciate how effective he is at promoting himself and his brand. Like, you have to respect that. All right? You can you can not like the man but you can you must respect what his his level of effort and the outcome and the output of his effort. Right? I personally have had nothing but positive interactions with Grant. But my point is is that you have to respect that. Now that being said, one of the things that he said that I have really taken with me is the one or two words that someone will associate with your brand. He said, "When they think of me, I want them to think this, right? And that is not uh, you know, this massive declarative, you know, value statement or mission statement because people don't care, right? Nor do they remember hardly anything. And so if you can get the masses to just remember, oh yeah, he's the real estate guy, he's the business builder guy, right?" Which should be more aligned with what we do. We build businesses and we take, you know, we buy interest in in in information coaching, e-learning type businesses that are in a niche and like that's what I want people to associate. Now, they're not going to remember all the stuff that I just said. But if I can just if they can just say like he's a digital business builder like he or like business digital business investor, right? Either of those things would be things that I would say, okay, that's a positive association. That's the type of association that I want people to make with my brand, right? And the thing is is that if I can wait a longer time, which is why most people cannot do this and why I'm not saying you necessarily have to start branding day one, but if you can be cognizant of what the message that you are relaying in your content and in the advertising that you do, and I'm using advertising by the actual definition, which is to make known, right? When you when you make your products and services known in the many ways that you do it, if you can reinforce the simple message in every single uh thing, people will begin as long as it's aligned with what's true to say the same things back to you. And that will reinforce the cycle of who you are in the marketplace and what you stand for. And so if branding is a higher ROI activity overall, I believe it is. And I think that there's the many massive companies that exist out there would be great testaments and evidence to that point is that they don't engage in direct response marketing for the most part or even at all to the vast like the vast majority of the time they are talking much more about who they are and what they stand for, right? Why they do what they do, right? And then people then buy their products and service in accordance with their values and they vote with their dollars about the things that they care about being the identity that they wish to associate with, right? And so I think that the reason Seth Goden started with direct response and then became and now talks exclusively about branding. The reason Simon Synindex started direct response and then talks way more about branding. The reason that I started in direct response and talk much more about uh branding stuff now and at least that's my belief and where I think it's because that's where you make more money just over a longer time horizon. And I think the reason that many direct response marketers burn out is because they don't like the brand that they are building for themselves, which is why most people leave the space over a long enough time horizon. And so that's why you don't see many, I'm not saying there aren't any, but the vast majority of direct response marketers tend to be younger. One of the difficult things about this, and I was having a good conversation with a friend about this, is that because it is such a young space, there are no there are not many people who have old lessons. the the predominant education that exists in the space is people who are new. The fact that someone can consider themselves a quote OG in the internet marketing space after three years is laughable, right? It's laughable. It's hilarious, but it's true. In that space, it's very difficult to be an OG because most people burn out because their brand equity drops so much, right? And so if the only way that we can build very big things is doing them the same thing over a long period of time, then it would create the I don't want to say obvious, but a natural conclusion that branding is the direction that more people end up going in once they have the ability to do so. And so if you can delay the ask and you can have the resources and you can have the patience to build something bigger, your goodwill will compound faster than your revenue will in a direct response marketing environment. And so this is the concept around give give rather than ask give givea give give givea give give give give give give give give give give give give give give give get and what's interesting is that I think most people and the prospects that are consuming your your content and things like that they are waiting for the other shoe to drop they're waiting for you to make the ask and so they have their guard up but if you give give and then right when they're expecting you to ask give again and then again and give even more. Their guard begins to drop and then they start to think, man, this guy or this gal is awesome. I really like this person. And then something interesting happens. They start telling people about you because they don't believe that they're sacrificing their own brand equity by sharing your message. That is where the compounding effects of word of mouth start to take off. And so when I say that goodwill compounds faster than revenue, it's because in the traditional example, it would be give, give, give, ask. And this isn't me poo pooing Gary or anything like that. I mean I think that very much at least establishing that cadence is useful for most people who are doing a respon direct response at least give something before you ask right but if rather than asking right where you have to start over at zero because you build you build equity build value in the relationship and then you ask and you back down to zero and then you build it and you go back down to zero and then you're basically always capped by the amount of value that you have in the relationship. That's the cap, right? But the alternative if you were to look at this visually would be give give give give and then it keeps going the chart keeps going off and then at a certain point a certain percentage of that audience because they have they are reciprocal in nature type people they will take steps towards you without you even asking simply because they believe so strongly in what you have and those are the types of clients right that you want to be able to take on. It just takes patience to get there. But when you have those types of clients, they get better results. They pay bigger premiums. And it also gives you implied scarcity within your products and services. And you are always underelling your demand, which will essentially eliminate your bottleneck that you have in growing because you will always have more demand than you can possibly handle. And that is the benefit of building the brand over the long term rather than simply the the one two punches in order to extract capital today. And so if you can delay the amount of time that you have between when you provide value and when you ask, and ideally you never do, you simply allow the goodwill to continue to compound, allow the word of mouth to continue to grow to the point where you start receiving money probably far far further in the future than you are now and what you are accustomed to doing. But in that future state, you can then look at the minimal amount that you're spending, right? in order to distribute your message to advertise right to make known and then you will see that you have significantly higher returns on your advertising efforts. It just took longer to get there. And so understanding the difference between branding and direct response and having a longer term perspective and looking at the OGs in the space or lack thereof and the people who have transitioned from direct response to branding, I think that there is a lot of lessons that we can take from it and this is just one of them that I wanted to share with you. And if you're new to the channel, welcome to Mosy Nation. Um I said this earlier, but our portfolio is about $85 million a year. It's actually a little higher than that. I just try to stay consistent, but I think it's probably over 100 now. But I I make these videos because I struggled a lot coming up and I and I just I hope that, you know, the pain that I went through is is not for nothing. And so that's why I make these videos. So we we I just I just hope you like it. So anyways, keep being awesome and I'll see you guys in the next vid.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZackaryPrebble-r7q [1 likes]: Funny to watch this video right after Hormozi delayed and delayed his ask... then bagged $100M on the book launch. Cool to see
  2. @lowlandscollective [1 likes]: Your thought "the longer you delay the ask, the bigger the ask can be" is close to being accurate from a business standpoint...

The reason why a delaying the ask works is because marketing isn't the reason why people move to the next stage of the funnel. They move to the next stage because they are ready to. They do it because they want to. Not because the marketing convinced them to.

The best way I've heard this explained is by thinking of your audience, or potential customers, as they're "falling" to the next stage of the funnel, not being "picked" and put there. As a marketer it's your job to be there to catch them when they fall.
  3. @tsiiiiii6356 [1 likes]: This is exactly what he did. He has his flashy how to get rich YouTube videos and then he launches or whatever Skool. Every one and his mother is marketing on YouTube and just because he’s not asking to buy something right away people think he doesn’t want anything, he is giving all this value for free.
  4. @larreth [1 likes]: just do both
  5. @AhmedAlkher-b1o: this is deep, thanks
  6. @IanFenwick-y4m: Priceless information.  I can’t wait to hit 10MM so I can give equity to Hormozi 😂 I feel like I’ve already gotten more than I’ve given.
  7. @VasilIvanov-m9h6l: I took so many notes.
  8. @Pkle_Rick: Always interesting, and all the give give give is probably one of the reason Youtube is so powerful in brand building. Channels mainly give for years before asking, and even then, they keep giving in the front end while getting in the back end.
  9. @Moawiah_Jamal: Best video I've ever watched on your channel.
  10. @Cinemafusion889: Thank you  Alex 🔸️
  11. @mattbrotto: Bro just described exactly what he did for the last 2 yrs lol, what a G
  12. @RachelLovelace: 🙇‍♀🙇‍♀🙇‍♀Everything stinking video, my mind just 🤯! I am already seeing how this is going to play out... Long game built on trust and what terms your customer gives to you based on your consistent performance. Excellent.
  13. @TrishalaPunjabi: How do you think we could practically use this advice wrt FB marketing? Btw, love your videos
  14. @aristotlemaniago8801: Thank you so much
  15. @quigglyz: Disliking Grant Cardone is usually a meme for lazy thinkers
  16. @bezkapitalu: this loud popping sound is really annoing / painful on my headphones
  17. @xXSeak: How does this exactly look in practice, for example in a B2B service like a recruitment agency. I don't get my head around it if for example you give your service for free to the client again and again and again for many positions, it is the only service you provide with your agency. How do you start to make money then? Waiting for the customer to get a big heart and start paying for it?
  18. @mark_mckellar: Is this a slap to Russell Brunson and Clickfunnels haha
  19. @Business_Seats: What did Alex Hormozi say between 5:28 and 5:30 ?
  20. @jacqueshayward7623: You really are playing the long game. Pumping out great content to millions who can give you nothing. Building so much goodwill that if any of them are ever succesfull they'll be first in line to offer you a piece of their business to grow.

- The Dark Arts of Direct Response Commercials | Facebook Ad Examples: Kind: captions Language: en because you guys love our ad breakdowns we did something very special for you this week and when i say special i i really mean it because we did a case study of over 50 viral facebook video ads and from those 50 ads we created what we like to call how often have you encountered an ad that starts with a question are you on your vehicles journey if you want to eat wouldn't it be unbelievable well there is a very good reason for that because posing a question creates effective a sort of a smoke screen it takes the attention off of the ad off of your sales pitch and brings it on towards the customer and usually a problem that they are facing now once that gap is felt that problem then of course the ad comes in with a solution and the solution is well whatever product that it is that you want to sell to them from the 53 ads that we've studied for this case study 25 of them started with a question which leaves a massive clue at just how successful this simple tactic can be for your next video [Music] only once you've earned the customer's attention do you have their permission to make the sales pitch use shock disgust intrigue fear whatever it takes to hook them in within those first three seconds of your video the ads from this case study were most captivating within the first three to seven seconds they used emotions that are bigger than life sex appeal even slight disgust to grab people's attention ads that don't follow this law are doomed to very high cpms and extremely low click through rates and trust me i know this from personal experience these two ads that we've created for our clients have earned over 20 million impressions combined and both of them ran for almost an entire year and the secret behind their success was a great hook sell with actions not words using copy in a video is a cheap trick and if this copy is not reaffirmed with visuals then the copy goes right over the customer's head instead of relying on words to make their pitch ads that earned millions of impressions created very strong visual sequences these sequences didn't require any copy to be fully understood as this ad from high smile shows seeing is believing and by the way this had got over 22 million impressions so you know might be working don't no one is going to believe how great your product is if it's coming from you and why would they write you are the one trying to sell to them aren't you that's why most of these viral ads used praise of other people to tell their customers how great their product is some of them even fabricated that praise by hiring voice over actors actually a lot of them did that everyone is talking about this self-cleaning water bottle boasting will only put your value down get praised by whatever means necessary even if it means hiring someone or paying people to review your product don't be pushy or obvious with your pitch no one likes being sold to a lot of the ads that we came across in this study well they didn't really feel like ads at all some of them seemed like a regular social media post others were concealed to look like a funny video sketch or or best of all they combined professionally produced content with user generated and influencer content to make an ad that felt like an organic review with a little bit of flash added to it and if you want to learn how you can make ads that don't feel like ads at all then be sure to check out this video right here where i reveal the secret on how you can create a million dollars with just a single ad but until then take care everybody see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @TwiceForNo [7 likes]: The fact that this channel got only 1K sub is just mind boggling
The content is premium, love it !
  2. @boucheromain-alexis9285 [3 likes]: Great content guys!
  3. @ribarhajiabdulkader1573 [1 likes]: You are a master
  4. @54sameergouritybcom21 [1 likes]: Do you create video ads for dropshippers
  5. @bjoernwindorf [1 likes]: Thank you for the insights :D
  6. @bengogos [1 likes]: These are so valuable, thank you 👏
  7. @idirmods: If only you’re still making videos 😢
  8. @uaeappliancerepair: Wonderful job bro

- Why Branding Is Not That Important ( Direct Response Copy ): Kind: captions Language: en foundation joins me now in the studio i really look at business as an incredible vehicle to really like make good and make change in the world the material side of that question was more about the sentiment of a specific brand before we start talking to them so at least in that side we get a better understanding of the current tone or the current feeling from consumers about that brand so when we do get to talk to them within ads or within how they're corresponding with them as well from from a client to a consumer perspective we can also advise on what that looks like to them but also have a reflection of that within our copy as well because it's quite important to get a measurement of the sentiment so it sounds like you're talking about branded copy versus direct response copy yes most of them they don't even have a brand even though they think that they have a brand right they have a logo that's not a brand right our copy is colloquial it's conversational copy we try to understand the prospect not the brand right because you can't go and pretend to be a big brand unless you are a big brand right and most of those big brands do what we what we're doing in the beginning to even build themselves into a big brand um so like we our focus is on understanding the target market and what are the things that are keeping them up at night and then talking to those people like a human being it's not about talking to them like we're talking to them from a brand we're trying to talk to them as if we're just talking to like another person um and that's the reason that we get the results that we do on facebook right um and believe you me we have run campaigns where we use the branded copy and we speak how the client wants to speak to like in their ads and we just let again the data show them right so it's like yeah i get it i understand it's not really on brand we're happy to run a variation of that definitely happy to do that do we have like your word that if our if our one gets you much better customers and at a cheaper rate more profitably then do we have permission to exclusively run our ads right and then educating the client about their branded copy is actually alienating their market because if it wasn't more people would buy right more people would pull out their credit card if they resonated with that branded messaging so much more then everything would show that you'd get a higher click-through rate you'd get a longer time on site you get a higher row as because the language is is branded and it's speaking towards that brand tone and sentiment and the way that it smells do what i mean as opposed to our copy that's talking directly to the user so that's the the whole thing about it like people argue about do people read all of that copy and all that kind of stuff right i'm sure that you guys have seen like my book landing page with all of that copy on it have a guess at what the time on site is for that landing page just over a minute it's 20 minutes 20 minutes 20 over millions and millions of views the average time on site is 20 minutes who reads all of that copy no one though right no one reads copy it's like it's the biggest load of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ever and i've split tested that to the crazy high heavens so it's like we don't just do it because we like to write copy or we don't just do it in this way everything that we do has to earn its place it has to go out there and capture more money soldiers and bring them back to camp if it doesn't we wouldn't be doing it so like like i i wish there was something that you could tell your clients that want the branded message but they came to us for a specific reason and obviously our form of marketing resonated with them otherwise they wouldn't be a client and my copy is not branded copy yeah so like i i just like i can't cement enough that it's it's only there from a scientific way if it did not get results we would not be doing it but the people that run branded copy they don't report on roads they report on sunshine and giggles and impressions right you cannot take those things to the bank account so that's like you can't have it both ways you can't want really high roads and then right wishy-washy copy it's is it what do you want what are we optimizing for is is the campaign performance based on how it makes people feel or is it its ability to go and make money multiply if it's the latter then we can run both and if we get the result that we think that we're gonna get then we need to run our ads hey guys we're coming to you from lockdown in melbourne if you enjoyed this video please like and subscribe share it with a friend we're dropping a video like this every day on youtube and i will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @eduardvarvara1829 [10 likes]: What do you do when a whole industry (real estate) is unregulated and agents have an extremely bad reputation: lazy, greedy, thiefs, unethical and generally a lot more negative conotations! It would take ages and tremendous effort to change that perception in a society!
  2. @TaylorTStocks [8 likes]: Probably the best 5 minute video on the internet I've ever seen and there's only 25 comments. 

Unbelievable.
  3. @oricargo [6 likes]: This is a million-subscriber channel in the making. Great video.
  4. @MileHiBiz [4 likes]: Sabri and King Kong are TOTAL BUSINESS SUCCESS GENIUSES!! You can’t argue with their results!!
  5. @kostaftp [3 likes]: Dan Kennedy and Claude Hopkins vibes here ❤
  6. @a.g.hustlegarland4197 [3 likes]: Subi is the Drake of marketing
  7. @ray_eddie1 [3 likes]: Digital Alpha!
  8. @bilalabusalmaa4421 [3 likes]: #HeySabri - Question:  if you are in the video, logo animation business, how would your strategy be, if you are just about to start?
  9. @emmanuelabolo [3 likes]: Nice one Sabri. QG 🔥🔥🔥
  10. @miguelangelpinto6761 [2 likes]: Can anyone mention a good platfom to make opt-in pages like the ones made for King Kong's HVCO's, please?
  11. @freddy_york [2 likes]: #heysabri any advice for lead gen for a salesman at a car dealership? I sell Mercedes and the internet leads the store get are shit. So I’m competing for shitty leads. I have a degree in video production/filmmaking so making ads would be easy for me.
  12. @bawamahmoud3104 [2 likes]: #HEYSABRI Thank you for all you've been doing. I watched one of your videos where you highlighted having a solid plan that will set you up for success. My question is this how do you start the  process of planning and what does it take to make a solid plan that will set you up for success. Thanks
  13. @joelcabello4378 [2 likes]: Sabri is the goat
  14. @ivan.prieto [2 likes]: I love this lastest videos! Very useful knowing about copywriting
  15. @mightyjohnnymo [1 likes]: You should focus more on direct response marketing, especially in the early stages because it gets results you can measure now. While branding builds recognition over time, it doesn’t pay the bills upfront. 

Direct response gets people to act, whether it’s clicking a link, signing up, or buying. It’s budget friendly, testable and you know right away what’s working. Once cash flow is steady, you can layer in branding but if you need growth and sales today, direct response comes first.
  16. @GalacticGainsTribe [1 likes]: Love what you shared here, amazing
  17. @knottyt [1 likes]: Booked
  18. @TaylorTStocks [1 likes]: This is pure gold- thank you
  19. @anthonyrude [1 likes]: Roas?
  20. @Alcoraplant: Very insightful, thank you for sharing.

- Direct Response Part 1: Brand vs. Direct Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en If direct response isn’t part of your consumer marketing, you may be missing a huge opportunity. I’m Robbie Magee and this is the Flynndex. Direct response and traditional brand advertising both help build businesses, but they do it differently. In general terms, brand advertising&nbsp;is an art, while direct response is a science. &nbsp;&nbsp; Both require creativity, but direct response also uses more systematic methodology based on evidence and proof. Brand advertising&nbsp;is generally designed to appeal to a mass&nbsp;audience. Direct response is targeted to a very specific audience. Instead of building brand awareness and preference&nbsp;for an eventual action, direct response&nbsp;&nbsp; motivates someone to take an immediate action&nbsp;such as visiting a website or calling a phone&nbsp;number. How they meet those objectives is&nbsp; also different. Brand advertising is about&nbsp;shaping or shifting perception. Direct response&nbsp;leverages problems and promises to solve them. Those are some direct response basics. There's always more to learn at helloflynn.com.

- The Impact Of Colour Theory On Marketing And Design: Kind: captions Language: en most marketers and designers are familiar with green washing pink washing and the safety of a nice Bland corporate blue doesn't that just make you want to put on a press collared shirt and yell at some interns color influences how your audience perceives your brand and engages with your content and in this video you'll learn all about color theory and how it can be used to your advantage in marketing and Design [Music] color theory explains why some colors work well together while others seem to butt heads red and yellow save that for your hot dog while some colors disagree just enough to be bold others pair so well that they become borderline cliche which is why every designer should keep up with color theory but what is color theory Beyond pairing is color theory is based on our Collective understanding of how color is perceived and where it fits in with psychology history culture and evolution it's thought that our understanding of color comes from the days of cave dwelling and Scavenging for meals the red berries made a sick and that giant cat with a yellow Mane that's not friendly for marketing in the Modern Age it's important to know these associations so you don't subconsciously steer people away from your brand when what you want to do is draw them in here's some examples red creates a sense of urgency and movement which is sort of weird because it also reads as stop it's high energy and demands our attention which actually explains the whole stop sign thing on the flip side green means go it actually promotes Harmony between your body and brain to Foster decisiveness and it's also tied to Nature put these colors together and you get Christmas you get a Heineken and if you're too young you get a Mountain Dew with green and red you also get a complimentary pairing meaning these colors find themselves on the opposite sides of this the color wheel the color wheel is broken up into primary secondary and tertiary colors primary colors are your Reds yellows and blues secondary colors are purple orange and greens the colors you get by mixing two primary colors while tertiary colors are made by mixing a primary color with an adjacent secondary color like chartreuse that yellowish green or greenish yellow colors beside each other on the color wheel are analogous the opposite of complementary and they typically don't pair well together if you have an eye for design these pairings will be obvious if they're not you can use a color scheme to find colors that will work well together before I get into those take a second to like this video And subscribe to our Channel we've got a lot of great content on our Channel about ways to improve your marketing and design and speaking of design here are some examples of tried and true color schemes that can be used to build a color palette for your brand acromatic a presentation of neutral colors derived from black and white color dyad a company nation of two colors that are two sections apart on the color wheel color Triad a combination of three colors that are equal distance from one another on the color wheel an example of this is yellow blue and red color tetrad or Square a combination of four colors that are equal distance from one another on the color wheel monochromatic a color scheme based on one base color that varies through saturation and brightness split complementary a color scheme made by choosing one color on the wheel and using the color on each side of its complement when choosing colors for your brand or creative assets it's important to balance color associations with effective color schemes you also need to think about things like contrast and accessibility black white and yellow get along well until you do this and then it's impossible to read at the same time research suggests that when it comes to buying products up to 90 of snap judgments made by customers are based on color let that sink in with so much riding on color it's good to get the expert opinion of a designer or multiple designers or how would a team of designers from around the globe with the collective experience to know how colors perceived by people of different ages cultures and backgrounds that's why superside is the perfect design partner for today's modern brands with fast turnaround times transparent pricing and top quality design Super Side delivers the creative assets you need when you need them on brand and hassle free with superside you'll be paired with your own dedicated design team to cater to your specific needs so check us out at supersize.com to learn more and if you like the video give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more videos on how you can level up your design and marketing thanks for watching thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaveMence [2 likes]: Super helpful. Also really well-explained. Thanks 🙏🏻

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @DieWithSpirituality: Toilet water?
  3. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  4. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  5. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  6. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  7. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  8. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  9. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  10. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  11. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  12. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  13. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  14. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  15. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  16. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  17. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  18. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  19. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  20. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.

- The Best Marketing Ever | Art Of Selling | NEURO MARKETING | SHOT BY SHOT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] products are made in the factory but brands are created in the mind even though we consider ourselves logical and modern human beings the majority of our decisions are made by the ancient instinctive subconscious part of our brains sometimes referred to as our reptilian brain let's have an insight into one such example in the field of marketing in the 1970s Japan's economy was booming and Nestle was looking for the way to transform that into dollars obviously the option they chose was coffee but not so fast it was no secret that Japanese consumers loved tea greatly so Nestle tested the market cautiously before jumping in there an several focus group asking consumers from every age group what they thought of Nestle Coffee surprisingly everyone loved it all focus group came back incredibly positive Japanese consumers really liked the taste of coffee Nestle executives got excited and they shifted into high gear preparing a rollout plan to have coffee on every shelf in Japan huge sums were spent on marketing and distribution and coffee hit the market with a blast and then it wasn't as expected Nestle Coffee just wasn't selling in Japan is there anything more depressing than an empty coffee shop it made no sense every study showed that Nestle Coffee would be the next big thing but Japanese consumers stuck to tea Japanese consumers liked the taste of coffee but simply chose not to buy it faced with this challenging situation Nestle decided to bring in the superstar of marketing clutter repel clutter repeal was not your typical marketer for starters he was actually a child psychiatrist who had spent years working with autistic children but because of this experience he was convinced of one thing that people can't tell you what they really want he believed that the real desires that drove humans were unconscious ones and only very few people were aware enough to understand them clawed are called this is reptilian instinct an example of clutters work was with Jeeps latest models which hadn't been selling and the company couldn't understand why clutter came back with the oddest of suggestions go back to using round headlights clutter realized that for American consumers a Jeep meant freedom it was the symbol of Wild West of running free and equivalent to horse for Americans the Jeep was the modern horse when Jeep had changed their headlights shaped from round to square they had lost that connection because the headlights no longer looked like a horse's eyes Jeep changed it back and the sales went up unbelievably now back to Nestle in Japan when clutter arrived he was quick to understand that Japanese consumers had no connection to coffee no early childhood association Japanese kids grew up watching their parents drink tea lived with the smell of tea in the air and ate tea flavored snacks was it any surprise that as adults they chose tea over coffee so what did clutter recommend yes the coffee candies suddenly hordes of Japanese kids began to discover the taste of coffee through dozens of different candy types from there they eventually moved on to cold sugary coffee flavored drinks and then to lats and then before they knew it big steamy mugs of Nescafe coffee not bad for a market that wouldn't buy coffee just 40 years ago the key is no matter what story you tell make the buyer the hero

  Top Comments:
  1. @wakaastudio [101 likes]: Recently, I discovered a fascinating book that delves into a topic I've been exploring. It offers unique insights that set it apart from others. It breaks down the psychology behind the marketing strategies employed by leading marketers today, complete with practical examples. The title is Don't Buy This Book - Marketing Secrets, and interestingly, it has been banned in many countries. I stumbled upon it on the baluter books website. You might want to check it out!
  2. @amitkoyande [3 likes]: So you mean all adults all of a sudden started eating coffee candies first? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
  3. @DevnaJaiswal [2 likes]: Upfront payments for quality leads and marketing are too pricey, and I can't afford it. I need a service where I only pay for results. Any ideas?
  4. @Thestudionus [1 likes]: You rock and keep up the good work&rolls.
  5. @aaraavmehtaa: Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind. Discover how hitting the subconscious reptilian brain can completely transform consumer behavior☕🚀
  6. @websitedesigner7158: Round headlights made the sales increase? are you sure.?
  7. @adamwill4029: People who still buy Nestle need to be eliminated
  8. @tvlabstudios: Good video, great info but the AI voice is just so bad :(
  9. @buzzboomer: I think the Nestle case study perfectly shows that traditional market research isn't enough. You have to understand the cultural and emotional connection people have to products. What's one product where you think the brand has a deep emotional connection with its customers?
  10. @pkb-m5l: We have only 3 sec
  11. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you.
  12. @bappojappo-_-3986: and its all over my screen, another amazing video!
  13. @danielgaviria1751: Art of Manipulating
  14. @Luucky-888: 😮
  15. @UtkarshSrivastav-d4v: But it didn't worked in India, only for some areas
  16. @BQENews: Ugh the AI narration makes this almost unlistenable.
  17. @SuccessMindset2180: Without learning about consumers, there is no real company
  18. @breakoutbusinessenglish: I'm sure the video had good content, but for me I turned it off as soon as I heard the AI voice over. Sorry!
  19. @EMClipsHub: Informative!
  20. @laurilepp6304: This is what women are doing. They make men believe that they are heroes and for that feeling men give all their money to women 🤣

- Marketing Color Psychology: What Do Colors Mean and How Do They Affect Consumers?: Kind: captions Language: en color psychology yeah this isn't kindergarten anymore prepare to see colors like you never have before hello world I'm Michael odor here with vis me the visual communication tool that enables you to create stunning visuals to WoW your viewers now what's one easy way to catch your viewers attention perhaps incorporating the perfect colors meant for your image let's all take a minute and rewind back to our youth for a second we're young we're playing hide and seek with our friends thrown back popsicles like water and while you may not have known it we're also learning associations with color think about it your favorite color likely came from positive experiences with that single color when you were growing up but as you grew older you likely learned what colors represent blue represents intelligence green is associated with nature and yellow signifies happiness but the meaning of color doesn't stop there there's so much more to learn in the realm of color psychology you've come to the right place to get started shall we okay let's start with a quick review can you name the three primary colors are you thinking to yourself yellow blue and red maybe if so you deserve that popsicle but why are these the three primary colors well it's because these are the only colors that cannot be created when mixing any other two colors together so what happens when these colors combine I'm glad you asked secondary colors are created from the combination of two primary colors and the color wheel these are visualized in between the primary colors as you can see here and if you want to live life on the wild side you'll combine a primary color with a secondary color creating a tertiary color mind-blown right and if you want to dive even further into these colors check out our video where bismi founder Peyman ty takes you through a journey for picking the best colors for your slots when you take all the primary secondary and tertiary colors and throw them all together you have what is called a color wheel any and every color imaginable is available in the color wheel and you can find a version of this on the viz me dashboard when you edit your projects the color picker is nearly identical to the color wheel allowing you to find the perfect color for your designs color nuances are important in visual marketing because they convey your brand personality choosing the right color Nuits can either detract or support your overall message so let's take a look at the different nuances in how they differ pure colors or hues or any colors unaffected by tints or shades there's no brightness at it no darkness added it's the original color seen around the outer edges of these color wheels and as I mentioned one way to alter a pure color is with tints this is when whites is added to that original color making things brighter and on the other hand shades are your natural hue by plaque coloring hence these colors appear darker now our variation of these two would be adding gray to the pure colors these are called tones and can create millions of different colors the easiest way to adjust to each of these three color nuances is by adjusting the saturation of your color a pure color is at normal saturation but can be d saturated with white gray or black to form an entirely new color this is when color pairing is crucial some saturations of blue look great with yellow while some blues you should stay away from okay time to take another step in our coloring book we've learned how to mix colors but now it's time to learn how colors can work together to form a color scheme these are called color harmonies and the possibilities are endless so I have a few pop-culture references to help did you know that the color wheel is split up between warm and cool colors by looking at this image here you can see how red yellow and orange are on one side of the color wheel making them warm while blue green and violet are on the other side making them cool breaking into color psychology warm and cool colors represent different emotions with warm colors you think of summer days in the heat cool colors remind us of the quarter months or even just a clear blue sky a good way to think of warming cool colors is in interior design warm colors in a room make it feel cozy and comfortable cool colors provide a sense of cleanliness even making a room seem bigger the right combination of warm to cool colors will make a room or design pop and if you're using mostly cool colors at a spark of warmth to emphasize something you feel as important [Music] complementary colors are direct opposites of one another on the color wheel but hey opposites attract you'll often see complementary colors paired together like yellow and purple red and green or a lighter blue with a strong red as seen here in this blade rather than 2049 poster there is one thing to remember when using two complementary colors avoid using 50% of one color and 50% of the other this can make a graphic look difficult to look at make one color more dominant while the other complements that main color you want to look for an 80/20 split analog is colors are those colors that are aligned next to one another on the color wheel think red yellow and orange all those warm colors that we talked about earlier and how good it looks on this Kung Fu Panda poster analog is schemes provide a sense of calmness and knowledge without too much excitement think nature and how the leaves gradually change over time calm default you'll want to use three colors when attacking the scheme with one dominant color and two used as accents now a monochromatic scheme takes one single hue and uses colors of different shades tones and tints this graphic of the grand budapest hotel took one color pink and alter the color for every item within the graphic while it's a beautiful piece of art if you're looking for a marketing design I recommend using color harmonies with more contrast triadic colors triadic triangle that's exactly what it means this is when you take three colors in an equilateral triangle from the color wheel as you can see here with a triadic color scheme you're guaranteed to have either too warm colors and one cool or two cool colors and one warm this also means that you'll have either three primary colors three secondary colors or three tertiary colors note that if you do use three secondary or three tertiary colors your image could look dark and jumbled primary colors provide more vibrance in life this is why I want to stick with that triadic harmony of primary colors for your digital graphics now moving on split complimentary has three colors as well and begins like that of the complementary harmony before splitting for two colors directly opposite of one another it's much easier to understand by looking at our color wheel here these schemes are generally attractive to viewers but you got to remember to have just one dominant color with the other two split colors filtered it you can see it with the red splitting into that blue and green and this poster here okay just a couple more to go the two tragic harmonies take two sets of complimentary colors and put them all together in one single graphic this is one of the more difficult harmonies to properly complete but when it's done right with shades tones and tints it can be captivating if this is what you're after it makes sure to do plenty of testing to find a happy balance between all the colors too much of one color can often send viewers into confusion and last but certainly not least are the square color harmonies they are just as they sound four colors all equal distances from one another once again this scheme can either be powerful or overwhelming stick to 80% of a dominant color with 20% for the accent colors Disney not only nailed the movie inside out but they also nailed this scheme with their poster for the movie okay now that you've learned how to pair colors with one another let's look into the meanings of individual colors after all a color can have a positive or a negative connotation so you want to ensure that you're choosing the right color for your audience yellow I'd say it's a good place to start it's the color of the Sun bananas and the unforgettable smiley face the color is typically associated with creativity optimism and liveliness as long as there isn't too much shade thrown it you can see the colors in this graphic here the bright yellows make you feel good while those darker shades almost make you feel sick yellow is inviting and it's a big reason why McDonald's features the color on their world-famous golden oranges right it's my favorite color maybe because it's the first color that we all see as babies or maybe it's because of the desire for more power and importance given that's what it embodies red is memorable and transcendent many marketers use red for their call to action buttons and rightfully so people notice red it's a big reason why stop signs bear the color the tricky part with red is the number of connotations that are paired with it red can be either positive or negative which is why it is key to clarify its intent with words alongside the color blue is another color that emits a wide range of emotions for one person it symbolizes intelligence and a sense of calmness for the other person it's cold and sad you'll often stumble upon Blues used by corporate and Technology websites or hospitals not just to symbolize intelligence but trust as well also fun fact blue is the most preferred color by all consumers may be something to keep in mind when it comes to pop there may be no better color than orange its vibrance is both creative and inviting you want to use brighter oranges for elements that you want to stand out and if you're looking for a good background a shaded orange could work to provide a sense of warmth for a viewer often when we need a break we might step outside or go for a walk this very well could be because of the green trees in nature around us that provide a sense of refreshment and serenity can you name one eco-friendly company that doesn't use the color green color psychology has essentially created a rule through the term going green and it's now recognizable everywhere violet a character from the Willy Wonka movies and also a color which symbolizes royalty it's majestic noble and lavish not to mention it's also term to be very pretty it provides a sense of truthfulness and wisdom it's also a crowd favorite among many female consumers unless your graphic is intended to be spiritual or regal use violet sparingly now while violet has long been marketed for women so as pink it's a color of happiness and positivity I mean have you ever been angry when you saw pink cotton candy I have it and while pink is often associated with feminine products it can be gender neutral as well just be careful and make sure you do your research if you're selling a hammer pink might not be your best option white is a color that we see all around us it's the primary color for paper and the walls and our homes or offices that might be because it symbolizes cleanliness and clarity you won't find a mini graphics without at least a touch of white if so I'm willing to bet that the graphic leaves you feeling overwhelmed white is one color that can be used to cover nearly an entire image after all the term white space is all about leaving some room on a graphic blank so our viewer isn't confused black is a color of elegance and formality you want a sleek look use black it's why our phones and cars are often at the color black is a great background color as well so long as it's paired with fiber colors in the foreground Brown is similar to green in that it provides a sense of all-natural it's a supporting color that needs to be just right one shade of brown can look clean while the other appears a dirty pink paper bags they're a big part of that going green trend that I mentioned earlier but the tent must be just light enough to make it feel clean not dirty and lastly gold silver and bronze all fall under metallic colors yes technically these are color pigments with metallic powder mixed in which is why they're difficult to use on screen and on paper however if you're striving for a glamorous look talk to your printing agent to see how they can help you achieve that perfect metallic color ladies and gentlemen that's all I have for you today take some time to determine which colors and harmonies you think are best for your visuals and get to work on designing one place you could start is vis Me's website head to vis media today where we have a color picker with millions of color choices and if you still can't decide there's predetermined two color palettes to help you get off the ground also don't forget to subscribe to our channel where we have new content arriving all the time in the meantime I hope you're of some help today and we hope you'll come back with any of your digital design questions and needs for now I'm Mike Plummer with fizz me helping you make information beautiful

  Top Comments:
  1. @LukasKral-z6w [1 likes]: So many subtle tricks here — I’m redesigning now
  2. @GeorgiDimitrov-t1x [1 likes]: Didn’t realize how much colors affect behavior. Mind-blowing!
  3. @neurowebsite: Color psychology becomes dangerous when people reduce it to “blue means trust” or “red means urgency.” Context always wins. A color does not persuade by itself—it works only in relation to contrast, expectations, cultural meaning, and the emotional state of the viewer. Neuromarketing starts exactly there: perception before interpretation.
  4. @WijthaGayan: | --------- | --------------------------- | --------------------------- |
| 🔴 Red    | Energy, excitement, urgency | Sales, fast-food brands     |
| 🔵 Blue   | Trust, reliability          | Banks, technology companies |
| 🟢 Green  | Nature, health, freshness   | Organic or eco products     |
| 🟡 Yellow | Happiness, optimism         | Youth brands, attention     |
| ⚫ Black   | Luxury, power, elegance     | Premium brands              |
| ⚪ White   | Simplicity, cleanliness     | Healthcare, modern brands   |
  5. @mrsbee5056: I studied this and using a PC...apart from black and white, we had to use cyan yellow and magenta, In the digital world at that time, game programming etc the 5 elements can create any true colour. Think what colours you use these days in your powder laser printer. cyan, magenta, yellow and true black on white printer paper This is more vivid. It is fascinating. Try it with felt pens or opaque paint ie: cyan plus magenta is blue etc...try it i good if you can try using pixels in digital programming in basic code though
  6. @RichRari: 🔥
  7. @thebaconlord_69: Hi sybau❤
🎉
😅
  8. @josephefe6689: Informative 👏
  9. @kjf5681: We learned all of this in junior high.  The presentation would be more professional if he learned to properly pronounce such words as "nuance" and "analogous."
  10. @TeddyMekonnen-s3o: I thought RBG ARE PRIMARY COLORS
  11. @MagizhchiMadhuram: blue black white lover
  12. @alanwhiplington5504: If he can't pronounce 'analogous' correctly is this because he doesn't really know his subject and has just summarised a textbook? (anAlogous not anaLOGous)
  13. @sfiaommohamed3286: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @KamilHorváth-c5c: Barvy teď vybíráme s větší péčí.
  15. @FaezeAzizi-k9z: ❤️❤️perfect
  16. @soosology5005: another point of view - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo8NCgecr3M&list=PLn6J5EpkEcLmRM4QZv-U-WLm9H34-WDVB&index=148
  17. @abhisheknandedkar: I had a question why do we get RGB in tv aren't they primary colours too ?
  18. @hiiamahumanok: watching this so i can make a pamphlet for my friend properly
  19. @LaurieHubert-o1c: Thank you so much for this video. It was very instructive.
  20. @KenyaWright: Awesome❤❤❤❤

- Emotional design: the impact of graphics on customer decisions: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the Deep dive everybody ready to go deep today we're going to explore how graphic design you know the stuff we see everywhere actually messes with our minds especially when we're shopping ooh yeah Mind Tricks this is going to be fun right we're going to use this blog post design that awakens emotions catchy right from a polish design firm called matawi mawi mat so even though it's imp polish no worries we got you covered we'll translate the juicy design Secrets the psychology of it all exactly so think about it you're walking down the aisle bam that packaging grabs you you got to have it why because good design works it knows how to push our buttons literally sometimes oh tell me about it mat starts off with the stat get this 90% of first impressions are visual 90% that's wow why are visuals so powerful like right off the bat brains my friend yeah brains are wired to see way before reading like 60,000 times faster 60,000 jeez it's a primal thing you know back in the cave man days visuals meant danger food survival that instincts still in us so it's like we're programmed to judge a book by its cover pretty much and then throw in all the emotions tied to decision-making boom design becomes Jedi Mind Control so it's not just Aesthetics it's strategy oh huge strategy let's talk color this blog Dives deep into the psychology of color for example red uh-huh red it's all about urgency excitement sales promotions that's where you see it those screaming red clearance signs yeah exactly why do they work red it actually revs up your heart rate you feel that urgency got to buy now sneaky but effective totally Now flip the script think blue ah blue trustworthy stable Banks tech companies love that blue it says we're reliable we got this I had a client once wanted their banking website in bright pink oh tried to explain it wasn't the right Vibe I bet that was a fun conversation okay so red Urgent blue trustworthy what about some other colors okay so yellow yellow always gives me happy Vibes right optimism Joy think McDonald's is sunny cheerful makes you crave those fries green though that's different green is peace health all those eco-friendly products financial institutions like organic labels or investment firms you got it it's all about feeling good about your choices and then there's black can't forget black black Sleek luxurious luxury sophistication all the Brand's Rock in that black it's crazy how each color has its own language its own feeling designers they're like emotion Whisperers they are now we've done color but shapes shapes are interesting too you wouldn't think shapes really like squares and circles oh yeah just like colors shapes have their own psychology think fast food logos lots of circles right so you're telling me a logo can make me want a burger I'm listening circles they make you feel comfy connected exactly the vibe those those places want makes sense but squares rectangles those feel different squares rectangles that's all about stability Order corporate Brands love them it screams professionalism hm never thought about it that way what about the logos with triangles triangles they're the edgy ones all about energy Innovation sports brands startups they dig triangle like movement going places yeah yep even the matui blog uses apple and Adidas as examples Apple the circle friendly modern Adidas the triangle sporty energetic so a logo can tell you what a Brand's all about just by looking at it Bingo designers they're sneakily shaping your perception without you even realizing it mind blown this deep dive is already changing how I see everything I'm noticing design choices I never did before it's eye opening right totally so what's next we did color shape now we got to talk visuals like the images inside those shapes and why keeping it real matter so much authenticity right can't wait to unpack that we're bag deep divers so we just went deep on how color and shape can send these like subliminal messages but now let's talk about visuals the pictures themselves yeah the imagery the story they tell mawi the blog we're looking at they're big on authenticity using real images real people why is that so important think about it you see a photo a face a real expression you instantly connect right like it grabs you our brains are wired for faces for emotions it's how we relate to each other makes sense so you're saying it's about humanizing the brand making it relatable exactly seeing real people using the product enjoying the service it builds trust way more than some super polished model right totally a genuine smile a look of concentration even a laugh it resonates stock photos they just can't do that yeah those Picture Perfect families the teeth the hair it's too much the blog actually warns against stock photos saying they feel fake they do they feel staged inauthentic and people can tell can't even backfire make people distrust the brand consumers are Savvy like they can smell a phony a mile away oh yeah so what's the solution if those glossy photos don't work what's the alternative what should Brands be doing instead keep it real use actual customers employees capture those authentic moments show The Human Side I get it it's like the difference between a marketing brochure and your friend recommending something right you trust your friend way more so this applies to everything websites social media even Packaging everything think about your Instagram feed what makes you stop scrolling oh definitely when it's a real person sharing their experience way more engaging see it's that glimpse into someone's life it's relatable it's the story it pulls you in okay so far we've decoded color shape authentic images what's next let's talk typography fonts seriously yeah fonts don't underestimate them they have their own secret language so you're telling me the way words look can change how I feel about them absolutely every font have a personality A vibe think about the classic aif fonts Times New Roman those guys yeah they feel traditional maybe a bit old school right formal sophisticated they're used for luxury Brands official documents anything that needs that gravitas makes sense so sanserif fonts like helvetica they're more modern then way more clean lines simple all about that modern look websites Tech logos minimalist designs it's like efficient Forward Thinking totally and then you've got those handwritten fonts the playful ones oh yeah those are fun like friendly approachable exactly perfect for cafes craft shops anything that wants that Personal Touch like a handwritten note wow I'm never going to look at fonts the same way again see it's all about these subtle cues once you see them you can't unsee them you become a more aware consumer it's like unlocking a secret design code okay we've done color shape images even fonts what's the last piece of this design puzzle we've talked about the individual pieces now it's time to zoom out the big picture the big picture mhm composition how it all comes together oo can't wait for that back again for the final Deep dive we've gone through colors shapes the whole shebang but now it's all about the big picture right exactly we' got the ingredients now we're talking recipe how do you make it all work together composition so it's not just throwing stuff on the page and hoping it looks good nope there's a method to the madness composition is all about arranging things guiding the eye telling a story and of course making it look amazing okay I'm intrigued how do designers do that what are the tricks of the trade well for starters visual hierarchy it's like creating a road map for your eyeballs showing them where to go first second third so you're saying some things stand out more than others exactly size color contrast placement they all play apart you want people to see the most important stuff first then naturally move on to the rest like a big bold headline and then maybe a button in a bright color so you can't miss it you got it you don't want to overwhelm people you want to guide them gently another biggie is balance you got symmetrical and asymmetrical ooh balance like an art class kind of symmetrical that's when everything's mirrored Perfect Harmony a perfectly centered logo the same stuff on each side that's it it feels formal structured asymmetrical it's a bit Wilder more Dynamic so maybe a big image on one side and smaller things on the other to balance it out you're getting it it can be really interesting visually but still feels balanced it's choosing the right kind of balance for what you're going for wow so even just arranging things on a page there's a whole science to it oh yeah it's an art and a science and there's so much more Whit space alignment Rhythm repetition every tiny detail matters okay but why should I care about all this what's the takeaway for me the viewer think about it good composition makes a design easy to read fun to look at and it sticks in your brain it leads your eye focuses your attention and shapes how you see the message the brand everything it's like subliminal persuasion almost I'm totally going to be analyzing every design I see now that's the point the more we understand how design works the smarter we are as consumers we can see through the tricks and make informed choices it's like having x-ray vision for design well I think we've reached the end of our design Adventure it's been a wild ride it has and hopefully it's opened your eyes to the power of design it's everywhere influencing Us in ways we don't even realize so true and if anyone wants to dive deeper check out that mat blog post it might be in Polish but Google Translate is your friend and keep an eye out for more deep dives from us we've got plenty more to explore until next time thanks for joining the Deep dive

- How Meta’s Andromeda Update Is Secretly Changing Your Ads (And What To Do About It): Kind: captions Language: en Meta just rolled out one of their biggest algorithm updates and it's called Andromeda. And if you have noticed that your ad performance has been down since August, this could be why. Some businesses that are rolling this out see their CPMs drop with 20% whereas other businesses actually see their customer acquisition tank. Meta quietly built up their ad platform from the ground up and some advertisers have no idea what hit them. I'm about to show you how Andromeda exactly works, why your current Facebook ad strategies might be obsolete, and what strategies you can use and implement. Right now, we've been testing this in client accounts and we're spending millions a month. And we have a case study where we actually show that it's working great and another case study where actually the customer acquisition is tanking. So, if you're running Facebook ads in 2025, you got to understand this. So, let's dive in. What exactly is Andromeda? Think of it as Meta completely rebuilding the engine of a car while you are still driving it. They didn't just change the algorithm. They fundamentally changed how Meta makes decisions which ads are actually shown to users. Here's the technical bit made simple. Andromeda is Facebook's new ads retrieval system. Before, when a user opened Facebook, Facebook would basically decide out of a few hundred ads which ads it was going to show the user. Now it's scanning thousands, if not tens of thousands of ads in a few seconds. Using sequence learning, it doesn't just understand what you're doing now, but what you have done last week or past month. The old system was like a librarian grabbing a random book off the shelf. Andromeda is like an AI that has read the whole library, knows what you exactly read, and therefore will have a much better prediction of what you actually enjoy reading. And here's where it gets wild, because Meta paired it with Advantage Plus, which is now on by default on both CBO and campaigns. So this basically forces you to run campaigns on autopilot. No micromanaging anymore. The machine is now really in control. And this changes everything on how we run ads. We used to want to have only like three to six ads basically in an adset because we know that Facebook was going to shift the budget to one or two ads. That rule is done. Or the 20% tax rule on an image irrelevant as well. What matters now the most is creative diversity. And I'm not talking about making 15 variations of a headline. Andromeda rewards portfolios with fundamentally different creative ad concepts. Think of it like this. Rather than split testing the buy now or learn more button, you want to have fundamentally different ads in your adsense. Problem solution ads, founder story ads, or UGC. The system now thinks in terms of creative portfolios, not individual ads. The system is now looking at your complete creative library and it matches your creative library to the behavior of the user. One person might see a testimonial because that's what they watched yesterday. Another sees your product demo because they have been researching solutions. And here's the counterintuitive part. Adding more creative to your campaigns actually is working now. We are seeing 30, 40 or even 50 ads in a single campaign absolutely crushing it. The old way of like keeping it simple is basically over and done. Forget everything you know about campaign structure. The new winning formula is simple. One campaign per objective per front-end offer. broad targeting and as much creative diversity as you can. We are really starting to move away from audiences and ABOS's. No more complex funnel as one Andromeda optimized CBO campaign can actually tap into all of the audiences throughout the funnel. Top of funnel, middle of funnel and bottom of funnel all squished basically in one campaign. So consolidation is king. Why? Because in order for Andromeda to work well, it needs that data density. If you split your budget across 10 different campaigns, you're basically depriving the algorithm of data. But if you put it in one, two, or three campaigns, you're feeding the algorithm with data, and you'll see that it will actually start to work better. In the ideal scenario, your campaigns now have at least 10 different ad concepts. So, not just 10 different variations, but completely different ad concepts. And the recommendation of Facebook is to try to test at least 20 creatives per week. So, that would be 80 per month. And when you have new creatives, you can do two things. Either you feed into your evergreen campaign, or you have a big testing campaign that you're consistently pushing new ads in, and your winners you push into your evergreen CBO advantage plus campaign. So, let me show you what this actually means in practice. So, Cleanies, one of our mastermind students, saw their performance tank in mid August. Their CPM started to increase, drove a higher cost per click, and therefore obviously higher CPAs. And they completely restructured their ad accounts. They went from eight campaigns down to two, one per front-end offer. They took every winning ad from the past year and even the ones they turned off because they were fat fatigued, they were loaded into one new campaign. So they added founder stories, behind the scenes content, customer testimonials, everything. And within days, their CPMs dropped with 20%. And therefore also their cost per click again and their CPAs actually dropped with 35%. But here's the interesting part. Whereas before one or two ads would basically get the majority of the budget. Right now with having 15 ads in one campaign, we actually see that Facebook starts to feeds the budget and basically spread it out much more equally. And obviously it's still pushing budget to actually the ads that are working, but the spread is much more diverse than one or two ads that are getting like the 90% of the budget. So the lesson Andromeda rewards creative diversity and creative portfolios. But to be fair, it's also not all sunshine and rainbows. We discovered something actually pretty disturbing from one of our agency clients. So we actually saw in the audience segments in the Facebook ads manager that customer acquisition was really strong. We had strong CPAs after implementing this Andromeda structure. We had strong CPAs and strong rorowaz. But the Shopify back end was actually showing a different story because what we saw is that the number of new customers went down since we implemented this and returning customer rate went up. Now you could think that that's a good thing, but in this case, returning customer rate went up because the number of new customers was going down. So what was happening? Andromeda was basically finding people that were most likely to convert and kept circling actually more towards existing customers and therefore dropping the number of new customer acquisition. So what was the solution? Well, obviously we had to go in and explicitly actually still add in exclusions of site visitors and past customers. So even though Meta says, "Hey, listen. You can now have one campaign that's basically a fullfunnel campaign. The most important thing is your back end, if you see something else happening in your back end, you have to make decisions that are actually in the best interest of your business, not in the best interest obviously of Meta. So if you have seen a drop in your ads, here is what you can do and test today. Try to consolidate your campaigns with having a CBO, open, broad targeting with a creative diversification portfolio. You can also go back through all of the creatives that you have had in your archive like historical creatives that did very well. Try to add them together in that one big CBO Andromeda campaign and see if they actually start working again because we have seen that that actually does work. And third, you really need to double down on a creative production schedule because creative production, creative strategy has never been more important. Meta recommends to test 20 ads per week. Now the question is whether you can reach that or not. But you have to start thinking about systems to actually start reaching that. So try to use AI to create creatives briefs. You need to hire maybe a creative strategist or you can work with an agency like smart marketer to help you with that. Fourth, please check your back end. If you roll this out and you see the number of new customers go down and your returning customer rate go up at exclusions, even though that's not like best practices of meta, your goal and your objective obviously as a business owner and as a marketer is to make sure that your customer acquisition stays strong and that we use the tools that are given uh to us. So even though we do see that Andromeda actually does very good things for a lot of our client accounts, make sure that you check your back end and that Andromeda is not going after existing customers just to get those conversions and have a good meta row which is not in your best interest. Your best interest is a strong backend row. The Andromeda update is the biggest update that we have seen since iOS 14.5 dropped, but not a lot of people are actually talking about it and even Meta keeps it a bit quiet. So the advertisers that figure this out right now can dominate while others are still running the 2023 playbook. The old way of testing your way to the one perfect ad is that the future is creative portfolios, consolidated campaigns, and feeding the machine what it actually wants, which is variety, volume, and velocity. If this helps you understand what is working right now, please subscribe, leave a comment, or if you see something else happening in your accounts that is working, please put it in the comments as well. The businesses that adopt to the Andromeda update can absolutely thrive. The ones that don't will wonder why their 2024 campaigns are not working anymore. So, don't get left behind. I hope this was useful and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @maurocorreia10 [3 likes]: Hi! How do you pass a winner to the winner campaign?
  2. @agusset1awan [1 likes]: With Meta’s Andromeda-driven campaign optimization encouraging brands to consolidate campaigns while relying on the system to manage delivery through creative variation, an important question arises: does this evolution genuinely serve the best interests of advertisers, or does it primarily advance Meta’s own platform efficiency goals?
  3. @seank2793 [1 likes]: How do you apply this update to local lead gen campaign like landscaping?
  4. @JasonKhehra [1 likes]: Thanks for this video. How do you recommend we do Ad set structure within the CBO? Should we run different ad sets for Founder stories, UGC, etc.?
  5. @learning11-d3g: amazing video. What about catalog ads? Where does is all fit in with the new updates and campaign structure? also when you say broad, the audience signals are broad now technically because meta is saying that it will go broad regardless of the audience suggestion correct?
  6. @iamchieve: Please what’s creative ? Let’s start there as everything will make a lot sense to me if I understand the meaning 😢
  7. @lazurrd: from Afghanistan
  8. @MariaGomez-lg2ug: With Andromeda, everyone's talking about consolidating all ads into one set, but how do I know if my ads are working on the top or bottom of the funnel?

And most importantly: what happens to retargeting now that we have custom audiences? Why is nobody talking about it now with Andromeda? Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or do we just let Meta decide the entire funnel?
  9. @OlexDesign: Great info - thank you. I am wondering how to apply creative diversity to dynamic catalog ads when you have 200 products plus different variations. Also, you cannot add videos to a WooCommerce image gallery.
  10. @TerrogamingProbro: Nice
  11. @alkhannoussiayoube9723: I don't get it ads was working amazing why this messs we are loosing money testing 😒
  12. @miguelchacker5327: Hi! I’ve been in the industry for around six monhts now. I wouldn’t say I’m an expert yet, but I definitely know my way around. I’m currently looking for an agency that offers a long-term position. I’m also open to starting as an intern even working for free at the start  just to prove myself and eventually discuss a proper pay structure.

If anyone knows an agency or mentor who’s open to taking on a mentee, I’d really appreciate your recommendation. I’m ready to start ASAP!
  13. @b1nvezz15: take link update pls
  14. @Zak-t5y: Question: My current testing CBO is structured in a way where each time I upload something new, I create an ad set with 3 variations.
Should I keep that, or should I restructure my testing CBO so I just have one ad set with all of my testing creatives?

since the meta update rewards totally different ad concepts instead of seperating everything
  15. @nigeldamen7949: But we can we test like 4 main images, 3 collage and 3 carrousel for fashion or doesnt it work like that?
  16. @VitalSleep: What about adding 100 creative or even 200 creatives?
  17. @vitalorigin: What about splitting Ad Sets within a campaign by product or offer? Or should we just put everything in 1 Ad Set too?
  18. @Aazamkaradiia18: So the new update says, do not turn off the non performing ads but only turn off ads that are not spending, right ? So i wanted to ask if i have to add new creatives in that ad-set itself or what ?
  19. @pedrosierra4962: What were you teaching before? One campaign, ads all the way from top of funnel down to bottom of funnel, has already been the best practice.
  20. @sk33nzy: My friend, I haven't been getting any results from message ads for a week. Money is going out but no messages are coming in or 1 message costs $10. What can I do? I'm doing everything, including creative testing.

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  3. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  4. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  5. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  6. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  7. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  8. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  9. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  10. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  12. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  13. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  14. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  15. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  16. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  17. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  18. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  19. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)
  20. @MarriageHabits: Based on the video transcript, here's a complete implementation plan:
Campaign Structure Setup
Step 1: Create Two Campaigns

Set up Campaign #1: Label it "Scaling Campaign"
Set up Campaign #2: Label it "Testing Campaign"
These two campaigns form the foundation of the entire strategy

Step 2: Configure Ad Sets

Create one ad set per campaign (total of 2 ad sets)
Use the same targeting for both ad sets
Use open targeting or very broad targeting (mixing cold and warm audiences)
Only segment by location if needed, not by interests or audience temperature

Step 3: Set Budget Allocation

If results are good/profitable: Allocate 80% to Scaling Campaign, 20% to Testing Campaign
If results are poor/unprofitable: Allocate more budget to Testing Campaign to find winners faster
Adjust the split based on performance

Creative Strategy: Working with Influencers
Step 4: Access Creator Marketplace

Go to Meta Ads Manager
Click "All Tools"
Scroll to "Engage Audience" section
Select "Creator Marketplace"

Step 5: Find Relevant Creators

Search using keywords related to your niche
Look for creators whose audience matches your target market
Focus on niche-specific influencers (don't need celebrity-level creators)

Step 6: Create Your Deliverables Request
Ask each creator/influencer to produce:

2 full video ads promoting your product/service
10 different hooks (first 3 seconds with different opening lines and backgrounds)

This gives you 20 total ad variations (10 hooks × 2 full ads)
Step 7: Brief the Creator

Give them flexibility in how they promote your product
Provide guidelines but let them use their authentic voice
Emphasize that hooks should have visually different backgrounds
Mention you'll be running these as paid ads (free exposure for them)

Implementation and Testing
Step 8: Load Ads into Testing Campaign

Upload all 20 ad variations to your Testing Campaign
Let Meta spend budget testing these new creatives
Monitor which hooks and ads perform best

Step 9: Move Winners to Scaling Campaign

Identify top-performing ads from Testing Campaign
Move winning ads to Scaling Campaign
Increase budget on Scaling Campaign when you have strong performers

Step 10: Continuous Testing Cycle

Keep Testing Campaign running with new creative variations
Work with multiple creators if budget allows
Replace fatigued ads in Scaling Campaign with new winners from Testing
Request new hook variations for winning ads to extend their lifespan

Key Success Factors

The first 3 seconds (hook) is the most critical part
Different hooks make each ad unique to 95%+ of viewers
Creators are incentivized to produce quality work
This strategy scales creative testing without becoming a full-time video creator yourself

This structure allows you to benefit from winning ads while continuously discovering new high-performers.

- Meta Andromeda Update Explained (What Changed & How It Affects Your Ads): Kind: captions Language: en Um, actually let's let me break break it down in a more meaningful way because [music] I just went through my meta blueprint reertification program and we are forced to learn this thing now and they give us a lot more information to understand meta androme meta in a more meaningful way and now I have a better way to explain to you guys. Now essentially meta androme meta is actually a new ad retrieval system that is built from ground up okay taking advantage on all these meta uh AI whatever and of course it's actually powered by Nvidia's chips and everything they claim to be able to match the best at to the user based on their behavior and the customer journey in the most effective way so in order to take advantage of Android meta first they always recommend that you go for full advantage plus on it's only available for um you know like a sales campaign, lead campaign and uh the app optimization campaign. So basically all Meta wants you to do is just to give up everything to let Meta decide uh even at the ad level you know if you're comfortable uh turn on the you know the AI generative AI the image um generation even the text generation because nowadays I I believe you can see some of the ads are turning into Mandarin Chinese or even different languages because Meta is actually having all this AI at the back end to really do whatever they can to optimize uh the app for individual viewers. ers uh and users based on their customer journey. If they know that you understand Chinese better, they will actually show you Chinese ad and stuff like that. You don't really need to do a lot of things. You just need to let Meta do its job. But one of the most important thing when it comes to and I mean Android Meta is that Androme Meta now sees the ads not as individual ads anymore, but as a portfolio of ads. So what's recommended here is to have as many ads as possible based on our experience at least 10 ads. One of my clients is having about like 30 ads and we are continuously adding new ads to it as we do different testing and all that. So they want to have more ads and they want to keep these ads running even though they don't have a lot of uh spend and views and all that. That's why when we are monitoring the campaign the way we structure the campaign is different. The way we monitor the campaign is different right now but we will monitor it as an onblock instead of individual ads. So let's say for example as long as we see the ads I mean the performance is doing okay on a weekly basis at the adset level we don't really care much about individual ads because when we are able to build the ads based on different customer persona meta is going to run the ad when they see the opportunity. So how do we optimize the the the ad creative optimization in here. So let me give you a very simple example. Say for example if you sell a kitchen appliances right kitchen appliances target different persona right they are single buyers they are couple buyers they are married buyers they're buying for children and stuff like that so let's say when you have a you know a pool of ads and they're targeting different persona what meta is going to do is let's say for example if meta sees somebody posted something saying that oh I love my I love to see how my son is picking up baking right now say it's coming from a mom because now know that she's a mom and she has a son who's into baking. What Meta is going to do is if you have a, you know, like a kind of like a baking kitchen appliances, Meta is going to show your ad. If you have an ad with a young teenager or young adult, for example, Meta will show this ad to the mom. If you allow Meta to add text or do text optimization on the ad, Meta is going to write something like the best gift for the young one. You get what I mean? Now on the other hand, if a father posted a story of the wife and the daughter baking together in the kitchen, all right, because Meta knows that this this is a guy, this is a father and uh he's very happy when he says when he sees the wife and the daughter, you know, doing baking together in the in in the kitchen. So what Meta is going to do here is Meta is going to show the ad. If you have the ad with a happy family in it, Meta is going to show this ad to the father and say that the best gift for your loved ones. So it's actually something Meta would do and they claim to be doing this very well by matching the best ad based on everything they can actually learn about this user and it's coming in the very very speedy almost I don't know in the blink of an eye kind of speed the more they do this the better they they are and eventually when you have more ads they're able to match the best ad to the best customer persona you know the best way ever so this is actually meta andro meta if you look at it There are a lot of powerful things that we can leverage on. But having said that, it's not just about slapping whatever the ads you have in the campaign itself and it's going to run uh uh you know like automatically. It's not as straightforward. We need to have a different structure first. The campaign structure is different. Now we practice single campaign, single adset. But having said that, we need to have all these exclusion in place to make sure that we're optimizing um the the ad spend and trying to target as many people as possible. And we still need to have a retargeting running. The way we structure retargeting is different right now. And of course, the way we analyze the campaign is no longer the same. So everything is not the same anymore. Even whatever I thought in my last year's course and uh it's no longer that relevant. In fact, I would say except for retargeting, a lot of things are no longer relevant. So in order to align with Android meta, you really need to do a lot of restructuring. If you don't do it, you actually you probably already start seeing your campaign fluctuation is getting more and more volatile. Sometime it's doing better, sometime it's not. And the CPM is shooting that will cause your cost per result to be coming up high. And because of everything is becoming very volatile, especially if you're doing sales and leads and all these campaign, you really need to structure your campaign differently. So yeah, this is all I know about Android meta. But like I say, I don't do courses because I don't believe in courses one way to teach everything. So if you need help working on your campaign and take it to the next level together, I will recommend that you actually sign up for Android meta strategy blueprint session whereby you and I we're going to dive into your campaign. Okay, I'm going to analyze your current campaign structure. I'm going to identify the opportunities. I'm going to understand your business and eventually we'll talk about strategy. From there, we're going to build a plan. I'm going to restructure your campaign structure and I'm going to share with you how do we approach how do we add in new ads in the most effective way for your business different business different scenario. Yeah. Uh and then um basically of course I'm going to share with you how do we analyze the campaign in the new Android meta area era over here. It's not something that I say I can teach just do a course and teach everybody. That's why I'm taking all the trouble to make sure that I am able to help as many meta advertisers as possible in adopting the Android meta hopefully to make your campaign more stable and to be able to take advantage of all this AI algorithm and you know power that is in it and to make 2026 the most profitable year for you in running meta ads. So, if that's something that you're looking for, then scan this QR code and I look forward to work with you. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonGan: ⚠ EMERGENCY AD FIX? STOP WASTING MONEY NOW! Get a direct 1:1 strategy session with me to solve your campaign's biggest block instantly. 

🔥 1. QUICK FIX (30-Min Zoom): Solve your ad problem today. 
➡ BOOK HERE: https://jasongan.link/audit

🎁 2. FREE TRAINING: Access my Meta Ads Masterclasses. 
➡ ACCESS FREE MASTERCLASSES: https://jasongan.link/freetraining

📈 3. FULL COACHING: Ready to hire a partner? Apply for the weekly 1:1 coaching program. 
➡ APPLY NOW: https://jasongan.link/fbadscoaching

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- The Only Facebook Ads Tutorial You Need for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Stop running Facebook ads until you do this. I've managed over a billion dollars in Facebook ad spend over the last 5 years, and I've developed a system to run profitable Facebook ad campaigns with any budget, whether it's spending $100 or $10,000 a day. If you're not using the system, you're losing money every day on your ads. So, I'm going to reveal it to you so that way you can scale your Facebook ads without having to guess or waste money. First, you need to fix this before you even touch your Facebook ads. You need to first have a really good compelling offer. When you have a really good compelling offer, the algorithm works harder for you. And without it, your CPM skyrocket and your CTR stank. Everyone's running Facebook ads, including your competition. But what separates you from them? Is it your creative? A lot of people can modify their creative. Is it how you're running your ads? Eventually, people learn the tricks out there. But if you don't have a really compelling offer that's better than your competition, it's harder to get really cheap CPMs and get your CTRs to skyrocket. Strong offers solve one urgent problem. When you're trying to create a good offer, you need to think about how you can solve one urgent problem. You need to highlight outcomes, not features, and differentiate with a unique value proposition. A killer offer makes everything cheaper and easier because it gives Meta's AI a clear reason to find your ideal buyer. Next, do this to copy winning ads to give yourself a head start. There's something called Meta Ad Library, and you can use this to search competitor brands. It identifies longunning ads and analyzes their hooks, angles, and messaging. All you have to do is just look that, click play, and you can see what's working for them. The longer the ad's been running, that means there's a higher probability that the ad is generating a positive ROI. Because why would companies keep spending money if an ad is losing them a ton of cash? And you want to do this for not one competitor, but ideally three or more competitors. And that way, you can figure out what's working for people in your space and what's not. This way, you can stop guessing, and that way you'll start generating conversions way quicker with your ads versus throwing up a lot of duds. What I like doing is remixing proven formats. And this gives you a head start and saves thousands of wasted dollars on testing. So, I'll take what's working for competitor A, what's working for competitor B, and what's working for competitor C. I then take the best parts and it gives me ideas on what I should do within my own Facebook ad to generate the sales. Create your ads like this if you want them to work forever. There's a proven three-part ad formula that I love using: hook, value, and CTA. When I film ads, I film multiple versions of each part. So, multiple versions of the hook, multiple versions of the value, which is mainly the body, and multiple versions of the call to action. That way, I can see which elements are working the best. See, meta punishes stale creatives. Eventually, you have audience fatigue, and you'll notice that the costs go up. When you have multiple variations, what you find is not only does it help protect your performance, it keeps your CPMs down overall. So, I like creating three to five hooks per ad, two to three bodies, and several CTAs. And then I remix them weekly. And Meta also finds a winning version through AV testing. I then take that data based on what's working for Meta, and it gives me ideas on the hooks people prefer within my industry and what they don't. So that way, I can create more of the stuff that's converting well and less of the stuff that's not converting as well. Try these trending ad formats that often outperform traditional Facebook ads to get ahead. Look, raw lowfi content like Tik Tok style clips or selfie videos or behindthe-scenes footage often outperforms highly produced ads. Look, polished ads feel salesy and UGC feels native and natural and it earns trust because people feel that it's authentic. You can use a mix of UGC carousel mini stories and emotionled graphics to win in the feed without looking like traditional ads. Most people are sabotaging the Facebook ads before they even launch because they aren't doing this. Meta wants you to stop using outdated interest stacks and instead rely on AI to optimize based on conversion data from your pixel. Pixels track browser activity, but iOS 14 plus blocks much of that, crippling your results unless you fix it. And when you install both Facebook pixel and conversion API, it's crucial for server side tracking and allows Meta to learn exactly who's buying. Finally, if you don't implement this, your ads won't target the right people. You need to understand something called pixel conditioning. You want clear conversion data that teaches Meta's AI to optimize harder and faster. When Meta sees conversions, real purchases, real leads, it aggressively hunts for more just like them. But bad or missing data trains the system in the wrong direction. High converting Facebook campaigns aren't about hacks. They're about feeding the algorithm with what it needs to scale smartly and profitably. And if you really want to do those funny, highly produced videos, kind of like Squatty Potty or the one that great marketing.ai has where the two people dress up as Mario and Luigi. You could do that. And it's worked really well for many businesses like Squatty Potty or Lumi, the deodorant company. You can end up doing that, but you got to get clever. And a lot of times those videos don't actually convert. So you'll spend a lot of money and most of the times you end up wasting it. But sometimes when you find a hit, like the Mario and Luigi video, it can work really well and boost your conversions. And another bonus tip, if you want your ads to convert better, what we found is people who have a strong personal brand that are in the ads tend to see better CTAs and lower cost to acquire a customer. And if you want to build a personal brand, check out this video that I created that teaches how I built a $10 million personal

  Top Comments:
  1. @onlineentrepreneur8530 [1 likes]: A 5 min video is a full course? This guys the ultimate king of clickbait
  2. @jankijain210: The remixing strategy from Meta Ad Library is pure gold. Such a practical approach to building a reliable ad framework🎯📊
  3. @EshalFatima-e3h: Super informative video, your explanation of Facebook ads strategy is simple, clear, and very useful for beginners trying to grow online.
  4. @nobodyjourney: Nothing new just a lot of edit and animation
  5. @AdSevenLab7: The 'Creative is the new Targeting' shift is real. A strong Hook-Value-CTA framework often outperforms complex interest stacks nowadays. It's all about making the AI's job easier by providing high-intent assets that lower the friction for the end user."
  6. @PainSolutionsByGenKeating: So ye, can I just pay you to do this for me 😂
  7. @ComunicaBest_ia: It is not a tutorial, lol.
  8. @דבבייקר: anoyng ai avatr
  9. @rohitm-q2v: Such a disgusting video edited, can't watch 1 min. irritating and distracting the mind
  10. @aodehodeh7045: There is excessive exaggeration and pressure from marketers to rely on Facebook Ads. I do not want to become overly dependent on Facebook, as it is largely a waste of money. Facebook advertising has become very expensive and inefficient for marketing
  11. @IbrahimMohammed-g2w: Best
  12. @SimonRichardson-gf7zb: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  13. @WhimsyAlchemy: Slowed playback speed
  14. @TEEMAY_NI: This edit is madly good i couldn’t focus in the main reason i came here. 😮😮
  15. @smartihuoma: bro said a whole lot of nothing
  16. @alexi415: I feel like I'm on Adderall when I watch this video😵‍💫
  17. @deedeebereal: Great video! Thanks for sharing!🤗
  18. @kashifaslam4605: Your lighting needs to be be worked on. Using cheap lighting to create this may views , good job.
  19. @aae2356: Someone needs to tell you that this background effect is rubbish. We just want to know how to set up our ad. We don’t need all this too much talking and not doing anything. That’s not how to teach people. Trust me, no one can comprehend all these flashing of things and then all your face coming out. Take us into the Facebook page itself and explain it. No one wants to see your face.
  20. @ch9osx96: This dude is the biggest noob he is popular just because he was an early mover.

- Make VIRAL Image Ads For Facebook Only Using Canva: Kind: captions Language: en creating image ads for Facebook or Instagram is probably one of the most underrated things to do in the Ecom space there's obviously a reason that so many of the top brands utilize image ads over video ads just to prove this to you even doing a quick search on the Facebook ad Library let's do Lulu Lemon right here scrolling down here of all the active ads image ad image ad image ad image ad image ad let's look at athletic greens which is a really popular nutrition brand image ad we got one video image ad image ad image ad IM you get the point right all of these top brands that are performing in the Ecom space are utilizing image ads so why are they doing this well it's because image ads are way cheaper to run on Facebook and Instagram than videos everyone is trying to post videos right now to grab that attention but the thing is video ads are so common on these platforms now that image ads are kind of the scroll stopping things people take their time to look at an image ad and read it because they're so used to these crazy stimulating videos that really took over from like 2018 to 2022 is but I can tell you I've been using image ads for the past 4 years or so now and they are without a doubt my most profitable campaigns you can see here this month was spent $330,000 cost per result on these image ads $7.98 $6.50 $8 the list goes on and on right it's way cheaper to run image ads it just is the cpms are extremely low $5 $4 $4.95 and yes these are conversion campaigns so you get the point about image ads and why I like them so much why the top brands like them so much but I'm here today to to show you the easiest way to crank out image ads at the top level of quality because in theory similar to video ads it's kind of hard to come up with Concepts film the content get product photos make sure it looks nice the text doesn't overlay and all that stuff right so let me break down and show you an example of my strategy on how I crank out 10 image ads an hour that way you guys can also be rapidly testing image ads cycling through products whether you're running an Ecom store Drop Shipping Store or you're working for a brand so the software that I use is called creative OS it's used by Jackson chains you know the gold chain brand it's also used by Aviator Nation Emma Chamberlain's brand Chamberlain coffee and there's a reason why they're all using it it makes this whole process so much easier for creating image ads they also have landing pages as well that you can copy the templates on but we're not going to talk about that today we're focus on creating image ads and how rapidly you can crank them out so once you log in you can go into the static ad section here and look through all of the ads that they have available there's already over a th000 templates on here and they're adding 10 a day and what creative os does is they scrape the top performing image ads on Facebook at the moment and they recreate the templates for you so you don't have to go look on Facebook ad library and find a bunch of Brands and then try to recreate them yourself they do all that for you you just copy and paste your product images in your own copy so let me show you how it works if you like this image ad right here and you want to use it for your product you can either copy it into figma or canva either one it's up to you whatever one you like to use canva is the easiest one obviously and then you're going to go down to use template for new design and now it's going to give you the example template that they use and then everything laid out for you exactly how they did in that template so so all you have to do now is populate those with your own images and text let's recreate one together to see how exactly you could do this with your own brand so I'm going to see if I can grab this image from Olie vitamins here copy the image let's see if it pastes into canva well uh yeah that'll work so we're going to resize the image delete this we're going to delete the background now we're going to pop in our own image obviously this is OE and not my product but this is just an example throw it to the section that you want go all the way to the back because we want those comments to show we're going to need to restructure this a little bit and we'll put this up in the middle here we can actually resize any of these as we want as well so now we plugged in our image we obviously want to change the background and some text on some stuff so let's change this to a color that would match nicely maybe like a deep red color yep think that looks good now zoom in a little bit here Lisa P that's fine it's the same name you can say whatever you want obviously for your brand best vitamins out there all right so you get the point you can change all of the comments this maybe want to change the color as well to another deep red or like a white to PO uh I think probably a deep red looks a little bit better just for an example and then boom you are done with your image ad but obviously you want to tighten it up a little bit let's say like move this to a little bit smaller to make it fit better pull this back over boom you can do that with all of them and give it some Dimension or change the sizes on anything and then you're good to go that's how easy it is then obviously just share this download it and then upload it right onto Facebook and you're good to go so that's why I like using this is because they do a lot of scraping for you it's just a lot easier than trying to come up with your own Concepts or ideas and they have some like different ones that people have been testing out on Facebook obviously some of them are more experimental if they haven't if you haven't seen this ad before but that can be a good thing too right you don't always want the exact same ad as everyone else so they also have landing page templates what I was talking about earlier you can do the exact same thing but with landing pages so first you just copy them into figma same as before paste it in there edit with your own product images in your copy and then use a plugin to move it over to your Shopify store and they've got a great converting landing page from the top brands so I just wanted to share how I use canva and creative OS to create image ads extremely quickly and really effectively so it's definitely something worth trying if you want to try out image ads or you've been looking for an easier way to create image ads all right that's it for the quick little tutorial I hope you guys enjoyed this video and I will see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @dave48064 [6 likes]: This is gold. Thank you very much!
  2. @AustinRabin [3 likes]: Hope you guys enjoy this quick and easy method to copy the top image ads! Don't forget to grab a free custom store and course from me here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @khittikalnikom1546 [2 likes]: It depends on the market awareness and level of sophistication tho
  4. @djxete1987 [2 likes]: Thanks for the free value as always!
  5. @mohamedamineelidrissi7013 [1 likes]: I can't even contact the support team how is that supposed to be a good deal
  6. @brendancanuto3839 [1 likes]: Yo man, your editor are clean! I wonder where you got him?
  7. @Girls_findz [1 likes]: Is dropshipping possible on eBay?
  8. @mondaymatcha: THANK YOU!!!!!!!!
  9. @storeline-tw5cn: which platform did you use to find this statics ads bro?
  10. @rcronin1: thank you!
  11. @Metamorphosis-2222: Thank you for this to show pictures are good as well
  12. @Saintly2: Your title seems a bit misleading... You stated using Canva ONLY yet you immediately mention using something called Creative OS?! Hard to tell if I'm wasting my time watching your video if I have to get something other than Canva because you don't seem to ONLY be using that program. I really hate CLICKBAIT!
  13. @MiguelSanchez-vv3xp: How are you copying the ad though? i have the first plan, do i need the pro plan?
  14. @tisachristiana: Thanks for the info! I did this and Meta says my ad will not show on all devices because they are bigger than "4.5" Does anyone know how to fix this?
  15. @SantoshCheteSantoshChete: Your strategy with Canva rocks! When it comes to email verification, FilterBounce has been incredible for me.   The real-time verification API cuts out more than half of the usual fuss. I love that it maintains bounce rates under 1%, even with tricky domains. At $10/month with 300 free verifications, it is a no-brainer. Definitely consider trying this out!
  16. @Raj__Gaming-kf3vd: OMG, Canva simplifies ad creation so much! When it comes to cold emails, DoYouMail is a real bang for your buck.   High delivery rates and easy email ID creation make it a go-to for me. Unlimited domains and dedicated IPs help maintain reputation and scalability. At $40/month, it is a steal! Really worth experimenting with if you are serious about email marketing.
  17. @sabbilovaraju8341: Killer Canva walkthrough! For your email campaigns, do not sleep on FilterBounce.   They have an awesome real-time verification API that has worked amazingly well with tricky domains. The price is just $10/month and I have had 300 free verifications to start with. It is been a lifesaver in keeping my bounce rate down. You should definitely give it a try!
  18. @Golu_king_off__paswan__ji: Awesome tips on using Canva! For your emails, DoYouMail makes it super simple and effective.   I have found their automatic SPF DKIM DMARC configuration to be a lifesaver, ensuring my emails land where they are supposed to. The ability to handle unlimited emails from unlimited domains is a huge plus. You folks should definitely try it out!
  19. @arsh_rshi: Love how you broke down the Canva process for ads, Austin. For cold emailing, adding a tool like Mystrika can be a game changer.   Their detailed analytics and AI writing tools have really helped me craft the perfect messages. The seamless integrations and pay-once-use-forever deal are such a relief compared to monthly subscriptions. Totally worth checking out if you want to improve your email campaigns. Give it a shot!
  20. @denisesua7495: Hi 
Do you need a VPN when setting up your social media accounts and store... Let's say if you want to reach customers in the USA and you don't live in the US would you need a VPN to be able to reach them?

- Copy My Winning Facebook Image Ad Formula: Kind: captions Language: en what you'll notice is that pretty high click-through rate some of the highest of any of our ads ever 10% click-through rate each of them have had millions and millions of impressions here this is pika-pika biz person product color overlay border that's what we include in our image ads we include these elements I'm going to show them to you we have found that people's faces borders text overlay product is what is what really works right Pete Cobb person product color so you'll notice that we have these really colored so we have a person that person is usually holding a product or representing a product we have a colored backdrop so they really stand out against the color we either have a border or text overlay that's it that formula over and over and over rushes for us the contrast of something about people's faces our thumb stopping I don't know what it is about about people's faces but but man they stop people right in their tracks they want to look at other people and so these are our best-performing image ads over the last 60 days the one in the bottom right was the best one of all of these so this is the formula person product color overlay border P Cobb and let's take a quick look at it just so we can see what it looks like so we're opening with a yes focused question with our copy quick makeup tick do you use powder based cosmetics and we're asking that because we know our customers and we know that the answer is likely to be yes so we like to open our image ads with a yes based questions keep them a little bit more compelling and let me say hey if you're over 50 and you're using any powder based cosmetics even eyeshadow that can draw attention to the fine lines and texture on your face there's a better way go check out our content now keep note that we always have a call to action in text link formula above the image ad itself to allow people the opportunity to click somewhere other than the image and then we have our p cobb ad here with our colored backdrop our womans face showcasing the product we've got the text overlay we've got it in that mobile canvas layout where it's a square image and then we another kind of what you would call compelling or disrupting question dip ditch the eye shadow controversial is a better word ditch the eye shadow question mark which is something that our market finds controversial so we're doing that to try to get the call to action where they can click learn more and go over to our content you can see these have performed extremely well here let's take a look at some of the metrics on these ads what you'll notice is that pretty high of any of our ads ever ten percent click-through rate each of them have had millions and millions of impressions here as we look at the cost the number of purchases 1,600 1,400 1,300 these are the purchases here and the cost per purchase forty dollars per purchase forty dollars per purchase now don't get caught up on the cost per purchase because arm market is much different than yours right like we've been in business now for seven or eight years and every woman in America who's over 50 has seen our stuff many many times so I don't want you to worry about cost per purchase because your market might be different but for us this is very very good bunch of revenue and what I want to point out is the relevant score here now relevant score is an outdated metric this is a ad from a few months back relevant score just got updated to something different they'll still show it to you but now they have additional engagement opportunities to look at the how your ads are performing but look at how 10 relevant score 9 relevance court enrollment source so these ads are performing extremely well and you can use this formula in your business here it is on desktop get a little bit more view of it you can see the newsfeed link description here ok just wanted to point that out very much look forward to seeing you in Barcelona and talking more about building disruptor brands all right thanks for watching see you later you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeinosCollazo [6 likes]: This week, I got a new job as a Facebook AD creator for a small business. With a knack for Graphics, I made my first real AD's in my life.
(Surprised) The one with these applied on got the most conversion rate.
On my 4th day I was thinking - "Yeah, maybe I can use that as a recipe." 
Seeing your video confirmed my assumption to continue.
  2. @StrykezMan09 [4 likes]: This is pure gold! Thanks Ezra
  3. @mattportnoyTLV [2 likes]: Does this translate to Instagram as well?
  4. @alexanderdolin7253 [1 likes]: I am selling bags on facebook. I also notice when I add a person in my advertisement, it converts better
  5. @joaoarthur1090 [1 likes]: Man, you are selling make up, right? Why would that work for other markets?
  6. @michaelbatista2869 [1 likes]: Nice Shia Lebouf lookalike photo
  7. @jasonhall756 [1 likes]: Thanks Ezra for sharing your secrets man will apply
  8. @SabatoDeSimone: Thanks a lot for this video! 🙏 I often get stuck when choosing Ad image because of my little creativity with images. But now I have a formula to follow. Thanks again.
  9. @WatchThisNOWNow: You saved the YEAR Ezra! Thanks so much, you're genius: so simple and so efficient. Nothing beats simplicity. Thanks for sharing and when you get a chance come to visit us in la palma / canaries island.
  10. @nbentertainment1961: Placements you used with picture ads to achieve those fantastic results?
  11. @joelcabello4378: Thanks for the value!
  12. @RainingYayo: Lovely Design on the bottom right
  13. @TheSeanxy: For the headline is a curiosity line just as a yes question?e.g. what teachers didn't teach you..
  14. @livinthatlife: Niceeee gonna go ad a border to my ad images right neawww
  15. @sharkerrasel4548: Thanks Bro.
  16. @janekbeglarjan: When you do the article is it trafik ad kind regards

- My $6k Winning Facebook Picture Ads (Home Service Biz's): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook picture ads are back. And if you're a home service business, I'm going to be showing you how you can utilize picture ads to generate some of the easiest and cheapest leads you've ever seen. I'm also going to show you how I was able to generate a $6,000 job from a picture ad and the one that has been generating me all of these leads at around $25 per day. Hey everyone, my name is Jordan Danzy. I'm a marketing addict, system nerd, and a home service fanatic. I've helped my clients generate over $478,000 in revenue in the past six months, and those are my higher-end clients. On top of that, too, I've also started my own home service business alongside it as well. Um, in this video, I'm going to be running you through everything picture ads for home service businesses, why they're working in 2025, why they're cheaper than video ads, how you can make your own picture ad, and how you can start using it today in your campaign so you can reap the benefits of picture ads. Let's go ahead and jump into it a little bit. So, here's what we're going to go ahead and cover. Why picture ads have been frowned upon from advertisers? And more specifically, like what has meta done to change this and why picture ads are starting to come back in 2025? What does CPM mean and what does it have to do with picture ads? And how you can make your own picture ad in Canva. We're going to do this step by step, no cuts. Um, so first you kind of need to understand a little bit about like meta in general. So, there's two types of ads that you can run. You can run picture ads and you can run video ads. Now, video ads by far are still the best way to generate leads for your home service business because you can build brand, you can build trust, and you can convey your offer just how I'm doing now, like talking to somebody is a lot easier than putting it all into one picture and trying to get somebody to convert. Now picture ads used to be equal andor the same to video ads but as advertisers started utilizing more and more video um it was eventually phased out and video has always just converted better till recently. Now this is my belief. So I believe that there was a cry per se of advertisers and it's started to at least over the last couple of years everybody has been going to video because it converts the best. Um, and Meta has always has heard the cries from advertisers that picture ads are useless. And so they really haven't done anything until recently. Meta has kind of came out of the shadows and started to push picture ads a little bit more. And that's really great for us advertisers because when Meta does something like that, typically it's going to mean it's a little bit cheaper. And it's kind of exactly what they've gone ahead and done. So if you have no idea an advertising, I'm going to shoot you a lot of numbers real quick. So the big thing with meta ads is CPM and that is cost per millie and millie just basically means a thousand. So how much does it cost? Let me go ahead and get my hand. How much does it cost you to show one particular ad to a,000 people? Right? So get a,000 views. And this isn't to get a,000 um clicks or leads or anything like that. Just how much is it costing you to show your ad to a thousand people? Now, in general, the average video ad is going to have a CPM of $18 to $25. Now, what that means is it's going to cost you, the advertiser, the home service business, $18 to $25 to have your video shown to a,000 people. Now, that's that's a good performing ad. Obviously, if you have a a bad performing ad or it's not in the right market or your advertise or your targeting settings aren't set up correctly, this can be a skew and this number can change. A good ad on average is 18 to 25. Now, picture ads on the other hand, and this is where it gets really fun, the average CPM is around $6 to $10, which is drastically lower. And what that means is you can have a picture ad be shown to more people for less. And that used to be the beauty of it as well, but they just didn't convert. But now it's getting cheaper and cheaper to show those picture ads. And one really cool thing is a lot of people are on Facebook without sound. So that's where picture ads start to thrive. But it hasn't been pushed in this way before, especially in a local marketing setting. So what does this mean for you advertising locally? Well, you want to look at the rule of seven for home service. Now, and this is this is just not generally for home service, but the rule of seven is pretty uh common. What it says is on average consumers need to have an average of three to seven touch points before they convert on your brand. Now this isn't buying touch points. This is just converting for leads. So a brand new person on the interwebs, right? You are a let's say you are a landscaping company and you want to convert people with Facebook ads. On average, somebody needs to see you, your business, your brand, and your ads on average three to seven times before they actually convert to a lead. Now, that's a lot of different touch points. And that's where the beauty of picture ads comes in. So, um, Meta likes to show your ad to potential customers multiple times because Meta understands this rule. They know that people need to see the same thing over and over or different variations of the same thing. Really good way to put this is imagine your message is in a package. Imagine you have a gift, right? You are trying to give the same gift to somebody with different wrapping paper. That's your offer and we're trying to convey that. And that's exactly what Meta is doing here. So they rotate your ads, which is why you always want to be running at least three ads with home service. So, you want to have typically what we like to do is we love to have a educational, a valuable, and a testimonial piece of content. Those are like three really good video ad creatives if you want to try them out. And then you can add some as well. But they're showing your ad to the same person over and over and over again. Creating these touch points. The biggest thing here is the touch points. You need that 3 to seven before you have one person convert on your brand, which is really cool. Now, this is where picture ads really have a cool benefit, and I call it a boost to your campaign. So, if you're currently running right now three video ads, it's going to take a good amount of ad spend because again, the average CPM for video ads is around $20. So, that's the average CPM. And you guys could go ahead and make fun of my drawing here, but the average CPM is around $20. So, it's going to take a good amount of spend to get those three to seven touch points, whereas picture ads get shown over and over again for less. So, they're taking a lot more real estate. Now, what this does is it creates touch point boosts. And this is basically boosting your video campaigns. So what's happening is picture ads will create those seven touch points faster because it's a cheaper CPM. So you might have two or three video ads that are converting really really well. But if somebody new who has never seen your company before, let's say they're going to see video one, right? Or ad creative one, they're not going to convert. They can see ad creative two, they're not going to convert. But when they see picture ad, they can see picture ad, picture ad, picture ad, maybe two to three in a row or different variations of that. So it go video picture video picture. It's Meta's algorithm. It's however they choose to show it to your customer. We as advertisers and home service businesses have no control over that. But it's showing them more things of your brand for less. So what that's doing is that's going to go ahead and help you convert better because it's cheaper to create that touch point three to seven times. Now big cautionary note. you. This does not mean you should only run picture ads. Picture ads cannot create brand. They can't convey things as easy and they can't build trust as easy as video ads do. So video is still king. But when you put picture ads into your Facebook and Instagram campaigns, it's going to help create that little boost to the campaign, which is really, really fun. Um, so let's kind of go ahead and break down a picture ad a little bit. Picture ads is not just like a nice picture thrown up there. There are a lot more and it should be thought out kind of like videos. If you think about it, picture ads should convey the same message as a video ad, but we have to condense all of that into a small little picture with a bit of text and not like push people away. So, what I like to do is I like to like construct my picture ads for my clients and my home service business as well the same way I would make a video ad. Um, and so how we kind of do that is I'll show you a little bit as well, but you don't want it just saying, "Buy my stuff. Buy my stuff." Right? It doesn't need to be a picture of you saying, "Hey, just buy all the stuff I have." Picture ads can waste ad spend or worsen your campaign if you don't do it right. So, it's a very, very big uh choice on how you're going to show your picture ad. Now, the picture you use should be something that either shows, tells, or explains something about what your service is. For example, if you are a landscaping company and you have, for some reason, a picture of an AC unit, you are conveying the wrong message. Or if you are a landscaping company and you take a picture, other landscapers know what it is, but your consumer has no idea. You are you are wasting potential ad spend, and that's not what we want to do. So, if you're a landscaper, you should focus on the big, beautiful yards transformation. Concrete, you should be focusing on concrete slabs and patios. Event rental companies should have a tent setup that's all completed, beautiful, and it should show a really good aspect of what the completed product is. detailing shop should have a picture of a car maybe in front of their shop. Um, or if you're a permanent LED light company, have the home at night lit up with all of the lights on it is a really good way to follow it. Now, diving into the anatomy. This right here, this actual picture itself is the one that I have been using in my home service business to get the results that we're talking about right now. This one right now is converting around, I think, 14 leads so far. It's generated me a $6,000 job. And on top of that, the average cost per lead is around $24 to $25. So, this is the picture ad that's working for me. We've tested about three different ones. This is what's working right now. So, the first thing that you want to kind of jump into is the text hook. The actual hook itself. And when I mean text hook, I'm talking about this part right here. And I'm going to go ahead and circle it. This is the first thing your eyes are gravitated towards when you're scrolling. So when you're trying to get somebody to hook somebody, this is the first words. So the first words you gravitate towards, it should generally be at the top of the screen or either at the middle of the screen and it should stop people from scrolling right away. So with my company, we tint home windows. So the easiest way for me to stop somebody from scrolling is to say reduce your indoor home temperature by 15 degrees. That's a big hook right off the get-go. Do not be afraid as well to use chat GPT to help you generate these visual hooks. AI is a tool that should be used in your home service business. And in our school community, the three-pillar framework, we have modules showing you how you can use AI in your home service business to make some little tweaks and processes easier for you. The next big thing, and sorry I'm going all of these raw, nice and scripted or unscripted, is the meat. Now, this is the the best part in the home in the picture ad that's really really important. The meat is everything. So, what is most commonly known about your service, your offer, this should explain to people exactly what this picture means. If you get this wrong, your ad is not going to perform. So, in here, the meat is where you explain everything about your service. If you have more of a niche industry like mine, like home tinting, it's not very well known. Um, you can explain the product and the service. If your service is more commonly known, using social pro, social proof, value drivers, and why you are different than the competition can drastically help with conversions on picture ads. Um, so bonus point as well, the text in my picture also describes a little bit of what the customer is seeing. So right here you can go ahead and see that this is our privacy and heat rejection film and it's pointing to right here this window that's tinted and it looks good. So in picture anatomy the meat is very very important. This should have everything about either you your business your offering and you should test this multiple times. you should test different things, different meat packages. That's a funny word um for this picture ad because when you nail this, your picture ad is going to do numbers for you. Um next, we're going to go ahead and go on to the offer CTA portion. So, um now this is something that is very very crucial in my opinion. So, creating a compelling offer slashreason will help image ads convert better. my favorite offer ties. Now, this is this is something completely up to you, but if you can tie offers to two things, speed and or scarcity, you're going to have a good ad. My opinion, focus on speed in your home service business. The faster you can do something, the faster you can get the phone call, get to the person, give them the quote, more than likely, the faster you're going to be able to install on their home or do perform your service. There are multi-million dollar companies built on speed. And I have built my entire home service on getting somebody a quote as fast as humanly possible because I know if I satisfy their need first before the other guy, I'm going to win the quote. So that's what our company focuses on with speed, which is really cool. All right. So CTA, just like your video ads, you need to tell somebody what to do. Whether it's going to be why they should be getting their quote or getting their quote, joining you, something happens to be combined with the offer because there's only so much text you can put on the screen. So my CTA is very, very simple. It's down here. Get a quote within 24 hours, but you get $100 off. So we tell them, you're going to get your quote, and you're going to get $100 off if you don't get it within 24 hours. This is focusing on speed and it's telling people to get a quote. Very simple picture ad, very simple offer and CTA. We don't overexlain it. Of course, too, there's like some uh policies with this get a quote or get $100 off. But more I've never had anybody question me on it. And a lot of the time if they do, we'll just give them the $100 off anyways. It's built into the price. So, let's go ahead and actually create your picture ad. Um, I most commonly use uh Canva because I think it's the easiest one. Um, and I think that's like what 99% of home service guys are using right now is Canva. It's super easy. Um, other options is you could use chat GBT to help you create this. I know it's really popular with like permanent LED guys. Um, you could take a picture of a home, tell ChatGpt to throw the lights on there and it looked really cool. Um, so that's something else we can do. But what we're going to go ahead and do is hop into Canva real quick and we'll get started on that real quick. Before we actually hop into Canva, I want to talk about simplicity rules. Um, so I'm sure you've heard of simplistic KSS, KISS, keep it simple, stupid. Now, I'm talking to me here. A lot of my ads previously used to be kind of all over the place, and I would try and give as much as possible value as I could in a single image. That's not what we really should be going for. What you want to do is not go over the top because you're going to turn people away. But what you should be doing is showing exactly what you do within a second. They should see the picture and say, "This is a landscaping company. This is a event rental company. This is a home tinting company, a detailing company." Within the first second of seeing the picture, they should know what you do. Next, you should clearly state what your offer is and tell them exactly what to do. Next part is is understanding sizes of picture ads. Now, we're going to go ahead and create a 4x5, which is like an Instagram post ratio. A lot of people say to do the one by one. Me personally, I think one by one aspect ratios do great on national ads. I think 4x5 does really well in a local setting because this is where most people or most uh platforms are kind of gravitating towards. Um, so now let's go ahead and hop into Canva real quick and create this with you. You can see we use Canva for almost everything. Um, I'm a huge Canva user and from the three-pillar framework to Valley Home, everything is in here. Now, what you're going to go and do is create the pro account. It's $12 or somewhere around there. It's 100% worth it. But up in the top lefthand corner, we're going to go ahead and click create. And then you can go ahead and you can see here that it has all of these for me because this is some of the ones that we've done before. But we're going to go ahead and click custom size and or we can actually go up here and we can search Instagram post. And you want this one right here. Instagram post 4x5 1080 by350. If you're not seeing this, just go ahead and go to custom size. And we can just right here type 1080 by 1350. And more than likely the Instagram post is going to pop up right here. Cool. So, I've already preloaded a bunch of assets that I want to use. And there's a lot of assets in here. Um, so you're going to start with this blank page. What I like to do, and I'm going to mimic this off of my other ad because I think simplicity wins. Um, you guys are going to see me use chat GPT. This is going to be a completely unscripted uh ad creation. So, um, take your time on these. This could take me 10 minutes or it could possibly take me 30. You'll be able to know by how long this video is. So, first things first is we're going to go ahead in here and we're going to take this picture of this home that we recently did. This, funny enough, is the $6,000 job that we locked up from this uh picture ad. So, seems fitting to me to kind of go ahead and do it again. So, what we're going to do is this picture ad has a really big beautiful like sky portion. We have kind of what we're doing here. I'm going to play off of that um picture. So, like if we go back to here and we kind of look at that old picture ad zoom in for you guys is you can see I have this arrow that points to the tint. I kind of like that. So, what I'm going to go ahead and do is kind of mimic that as well. So, first things first, I like to put a square over it. And I like to overlay. So, we're going to go over here. We're going to put that square. How you get the square is you go over to elements. Go ahead and just literally type square. You can add a rectangle. Let's get this out of here. Now, it's blue. So, we're going to click on it and we're going to turn it black. I have hiccups right now. What a time. And then we're going to change the transparency. And I'm going to change this to just kind of like 10. What this is basically doing is just helping the uh text in the background pop up a little bit more. Sometimes you don't have to do this, sometimes you can. I'm going to keep looking back. Cool. So, the next thing we're going to do is we're going to go ahead and add some text. So you can just click here, add a heading. From there, we're going to push this up to the top, and we're going to think about our text. Now, just like I told you to do, we're going to go ahead and go to chatgpt real quick, and we're going to go to new chat. Look at that. How funny. Um, you can see my Mac has codes. And what we're going to do is we're going to talk a little bit about like what we want it to say. So this is how you use chat GBT in home service to help you with your meta ads. You are a meta ads expert and helping me create a image helping me create a picture ad. I'm working on a text slash book that talks about uh home window tinting and lowering the temperature in the house. My previous ad that's converting well is our home by 15° and your home temperature. Is that how you spell it? Okay, give me 10 different ideas slashhooks for my new picture ad. This is an easy way to use chatd to give you a couple of ideas um to see what you want to be doing. Let's see here. I really actually don't like any of these. [laughter] So, um, what we're going to go ahead and do is let's see here. I think we in instead of focusing on like comfort and savings, I think we want to focus on more of like cooler homes and privacy. That's a good one. Lower the heat, block the peep. Um, oh, I like that. Your home should be cool and private. So, what we're going to go ahead and do is we're going to go a little bit off of that. So, and we're going to change this to white. My favorite text is this Oswald font. I think it looks really, really good. Um, so we're going to say keep your let's say lower your home temp 15°. I'm going to like search up like degrees icon or whatever it is. Yeah, this symbol here. And then we're going to drop this by size as well. I think what we're going to go ahead and do is do this. And you can just see me like I am just adding things in. What did our other picture say? Reduce your indoor home temperature by 15 degrees. So we're going to say lower your home by 15° today. So, we are literally creating the same exact one close to it. Now, the reason behind this is I did go on ChatG and I had it look up a couple of things, but if you have a winning ad, and this is something that I think is really important, if you have a winning ad, do more of that. Don't go off and create like a completely different style or a different like method to it. make more variations of the same thing. So, I have a one winning picture ad. I'm going to make more variations of that picture ad because it's winning. So, I might have the text and I'm going to add something slightly different, but keep everything else basically similar or the same. Um, and we're going to change this up a little bit as well. So, this is lower your home temperature by 15 degrees today. Um, and then we're going to go ahead and copy paste this plus oops plus um add stylish privacy. We're going to kind of put that like right here. So, if I put that here, we'll put that center. One cool thing in Canva, by the way, is if you go here and you right click, you can um align the page. So, you if it's in the middle or wherever you want it, it's already there. And then we can do this one in the middle and then align center plus stylish privacy. I'm actually going to get rid of this and make the home bigger. Beautiful. So, you see how that white cloud really affects that. So, what we can do is kind of darken that just a tad bit more. And we can make this blue. I don't like that. Nope. I don't I don't like that. So, we're going to go back to this. And then basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to make sure that cloud just doesn't hit there. Perfect. Bring this back over. Awesome. So, we're going to say lower your home temperature. by 15 degrees today. Plus add stylish We're going to go ahead and add our effect. I love this like lift. It just adds a little bit more I think density to it. Um, I'm going to put that here. Plus, add stylish privacy. Oh man, I'm torn. I don't think I like that. I think we'll do something like that. Kind of changing it up. sleep privacy. Very, very cool. I think we'll put the sun emoji right here. Now, see how that dropped down? I am not a fan of that. So, that we're going to align the center again. That looks beautiful. Okay, awesome. So, this is definitely better, but I want a text box kind of like this one. So, this is our hook. Lower your home temperature by 15° while adding sleek privacy. So, we're following the picture anatomy. And we are creating a nice good hook. We can go ahead and add this as big as it can get in this little spot right here without doing too much. And I'm just kind of centering it right here in the picture just so you can see. And then what I'm going to go ahead and do is I'm going to basically put the CTA. So this same text box, I'm going to change it up a little bit. I'm going to kind of put it right here. So how we're going to go ahead and do that is we're going to go elements and this rounded cool square. And we're going to put that Boom. Just like that. Create this nice look here. And we're going to add a stroke to it. And I'm going to make the stroke the actual color. And then on the inside, we're going to do no color. Or we could do could we add? No. Let's see. You know, maybe that does look good. Okay, we're going to copy and paste this text just because it has our effects. Get your quote within 24 hours. that Shorten this. Actually, I liked it when it was get your quote in 24 hours. I like that. Look at that. That looks pretty good. And then we're going to take this, expand it just a little bit. Looks really, really good. Cool. And then I'm going to underline this for effect. So, this is pretty good so far. We have lower your home temperature by 15° while adding sleek privacy. And then get your quote in 24 hours. This is our effect on speed. Um, so now we want to go into the meat of everything. And I'm going to add the same thing. We're just changing it up. This little black text box. Um, oh, we need to add or get the $100 off as well. So, let's kind of go ahead and do that. We're going to add that. Maybe we can squish this all in there. So, get your quote within 24 hours. And then maybe we half the size of this. And not a fan of that. I'm I'm going to leave that out. We're just say get your quote in 24 hours. And then I'm actually going to add an emoji. So you can to add emojis on Canva, you can do a couple of things. You can search for it in the elements tab or you can just add a piece of text and insert the emoji, which is actually the way I like to do it. So, we're going to paste this again. And then we're going to go ahead and search up emojis. And I love this point down one. And we're going to kind of put this over here. And just kind of pointing in the direction that we need to go. Just kind of adding that in. Pointing. I love I I don't know why. I think I'm just addicted to it of adding that that damn finger pointing. So, um, we have our hook up at the top. Lower your home temperature by 15 degrees while adding sleek privacy. Get your quote in 24 hours. Um, this is the window tint. Now, we're going to go ahead and add that little text block again. Um, and I think for this one, we're actually going to put everything kind of down here. make it dark again. This one we can probably do at about 50%. So you can see here we're just darkening this. And then we can go ahead and we can put our points in here. And for this one, I'm going to remove the lift on it just because it's in this uh box. and we're going to go by 30 and put everything over to the left hand side as alignment. There we go. So now we can kind of go ahead and value stack. So this is the meat portion of everything. And I'm actually gonna Yeah. So this is where we go ahead and value stack a little bit um on what exactly we want to to tell them. So, I'm going to look back at my previous value stock. Uh, lifetime warranty, drastically cooler, energy savings, enhanced privacy. Um, this is our privacy and uh film and heat rejection film. Um, so go back and you can say right here, what do we want to come up with? We want to go bold. Yeah, I'm going to go unbolded. We're gonna say um maybe we just do bulletin points too. I think I would like that. Um drop your home temperature by 15 to 20 degrees. and save up to 30% your energy bill monthly. And so I think that's what we're going to do. We're going to say we're going to go ahead and highlight that blue and save up to 30% on your energy bill monthly. Two add sleek privacy. Uh, I could say from salesman, but I'm not going to. Um, so we can say add sleek one-way privacy um from neighbors. add sleek oneway privacy. Create a new look. So, I'm just highlighting key points here. And then this one, we're actually going to go ahead and unbullet this one. And this is going to be one more CTA that's just pointing them to what to do. Um because I noticed in this one I actually didn't have it. Also, I don't have my logo in there just quite yet. So, we can find a place to either put the logo, not put the logo. We could possibly shorten this. Um I think this one we're going to go ahead and do. Maybe I'm going to try maybe put a logo up here in the corner. Um if not, we're going to go ahead and just end it that way. So, we'll come back up here. We're going to get this one. Uh, click learn more below. And this one I'm going to have down here. I'm going make this bigger. And I'm going to put this as orange. Now, orange is just a secondary color that just complements the blue. I have like a little bit of it in the logo. Um, and so we use it just very every once in a while. Um, so I'm gonna go ahead and take Whoops. This one. This one's cut. We're going to put this. I don't like it. So, we're just going to go that. Cool. Okay. And just like this, we've created an ad. Now, if you followed along with me and you created something similar to this, I'm not guaranteeing you it's going to work because Facebook and Instagram ads is all about testing. It's a game of testing. And in the end of the day, you need to test as many times as possible to get something like this, to get a winning ad, to get the performance that you're looking for. Now, if you want more help with this, you can check out our school community and we'll definitely help you out. But in the meantime of creating a picture ad for a home service business, this is a very, very good start. Um, oh wow, I'm way zoomed in now. So, let's go ahead and keep going back and go ahead and finish this off for you. So, now it talks about like how you're going to go ahead and use this. So, if you have a current campaign, and I can't stress this enough for you. If you have a current campaign right now and it's winning, which means it's generating new leads at a good cost per lead efficiently and you're currently booking jobs, don't touch it. Keep it going. Scale it. Add fire to the uh flame. Don't mess with it. One of the most common things, me included, that can happen in home service businesses is you mess with a winning campaign. I don't know what it is in my brain that has to do it sometimes, but if you mess with a winning campaign, it's more than likely going to stop winning. So, picture ads are very good to test when you're looking to try out a new campaign, you're looking out, you're looking to try um different ads or you're looking to try and maybe take your winning creatives, put them in a new ad set, and add the picture ads to see if you can get a cheaper cost per lead to use it as kind of like a little boost in a sense. So instead on just like focusing on like picture ads um and I don't know why it says in a brand new campaign um my favorite campaign structure right now is the $25 to $50 a day 114. Now what 114 means is one campaign one ad set one or four creatives. Um and those four creatives can be you know I would say two picture ads maybe or one picture ad and three videos. Make sure you have more videos than you do picture ads. Again, video is still king nowadays, but picture ads are really well. Test it with those new creatives. Find your winners and from there, only add picture campaigns to or only add picture ads to your campaign if you're struggling to get traction within that certain one. Um, other than that, thank you guys so much for watching. I hope this video was informative and it helps you with picture ads inside your home service business. If you enjoyed this video, please go check out the three-pillar framework. It's our school community where I give you everything exact, so much sauce, so much value, um, and everything you need to start generating more calls than you know what to do with inside of your home service business. Whether you're starting from nothing or you're all the way up to a million plus a year, there's tons of stuff in there packed full of uh, content with you as well. We meet twice a week. You have the chance to ask me ad questions, Q&A questions, and a whole bunch more. or you can check out more free content here on YouTube. Make sure to like, subscribe, and again, thank you guys so much for watching. Hope you enjoyed this episode.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jordandansie [1 likes]: Get more calls 👉https://www.skool.com/3p-framework

- How to create Facebook Image Ads That Scale in 60 Seconds: Kind: captions Language: en So, we've been recently making these image ads that have been crushing for both our Legion clients and our ecom clients. And they literally take about 60 seconds to make. Very quick, and it allows you to push out a lot of different types of image ads really quick inside of your account to also help out with create diversity inside of your Facebook ad account. Today, we'll be diving into basically just how to make winning Facebook image ads in like literally like 60 seconds. Very fast. You don't need a designer. You don't need to pay anyone else. You can just you yourself and chat GPT and some other software I'm going to show you guys today. No, this video is not sponsored or anything like that. Uh just something I've been reusing has been crushing it for us. So, I just took a screenshot from one of the accounts that we're running right now. It's a fairly new account. So, we just came into this account and just like literally some of the first sets of ads we pushed out in this account has been crushing and beating the ads inside of this ad account from you know the client that was originally running it. Now, in this particular image right here, the biggest thing to notice is that they're both image ads. And both of these image ads were created in in the way of like the the process I'm going to show you guys today. So, first things first, I'm going to chat GBT. I'm upload my product info doc and my market research docbt. And I'm basically just going to say like, hey, there's only two docs I want you to use. And basically, if you don't know how to do this, just go to how to make winning ads as a chip in 2025 full guide where I show you how to make your product research doc and your product info doc because once you have these two docs, it's pretty much like the foundation of all your future ads and everything like that. Uh, so I'll show you how to make those things. And then basically all I'm doing here is uploading those docs and priming chat GPT with like, hey, you're only allowed to use these things. So that way everything I tell you now is be based off these two docs. Next thing I'm going to do is go to creativeoss.com. This is the software I've been using lately. Again, no, this video is not sponsored. There's no affiliate link or anything like that. So, have fun. And I was very skeptical at first about getting on with Creative OS. Um, I actually did get converted by their uh ads on Facebook. So, this is probably like one of the most recent purchases I made specifically from their ads on Facebook itself. But, I was like, hey, you know, at the worst, I'm maybe going to waste like 100 bucks. And I think honestly there's cheaper settings. Um, but I know I'm paying $100 a month, but I think there's like a 30 or $45 a month plan. Yeah. Long story short, cool thing about Creative OS is that this particular platform right here is it pretty much just gives you like a ton of Facebook image ads that have been vetted significantly. So there's other platforms like Atria foreplay where like community kind of built creative platforms where you just get to see a ton of ads saved by the community. But the cool thing about creative OS is that and I did hop on a call with the founder after already using it to I just wanted to verify these things. The cool thing about creative OS is that with Creative OS you don't like save ads and it immediately gets added in for everyone to save. Their team actually has an application process that takes hundreds of thousands of Shopify brands, puts it down to like the top 800 brands and then they have further from those 800 brands a further like filtration system to where like you know the ad has to have been running for at least a year or at least you know a certain period of time. They're also the brand itself has to have been running for a certain amount of time. It also have to be at least like 100 something ads active. So they have a very very strict filtration process for ad templates they add in and then once those templates are added in their whole design team basically just goes take these templates and turns them into Canva or Figma. I don't know why but I just have a strong like negative stigma to Figma. I've used it once and I did not like it. It's extremely complicated. Um and I don't know I've just never loved Figma. So, I never use uh Figma, but I love Foreplay or Canva specifically. And cool thing about this is that you can literally just pop it in right here. And then boom, once you take it into Figma or Canva, not Figma, you can literally go ahead and it's going to give you the copy, all of the things right here to where it literally takes you literally 60 seconds. So, watch. Let me show you. I got my template and I already kind of did some examples here, but I'm just going to do some more. I'm just going to say using this headline inspo, please create me 10 headlines for my product plus persona. There we go. Chat to spit out some stuff. And the cool thing like I like about this is that it's basically you're taking in various different templates and you don't really have to think about copy. Now, is this the only thing I ever do for image ads? No. It's just one of those things that can help you guys out with push out more image ads when you're in that particular time crunch right there. So here it's going to push out a bunch of image ads and the product info and research doc. These are both example docs I've built for Athletic Green. So that's why it's this energy powder right here. Veggies you drink sounds impossible. Feels incredible. Nutrition 60 seconds. Tell sounds too easy. Feels amazing. I really like veggies you drink. Veggies you drink. And then I'm also going to pull sounds too easy. And then I'm going to do Yeah, I'll do feel wonderful. Cool. I'm going to delete this product photo. Boom. I'm going to upload my product photo. Again, I don't work with Avalon Greens. They're not a client or anything like that. I just use them as an example because I've been having too many clients complain I've been sharing their ads on my YouTube videos. So, that's the only reason why. Um, delete their logo. Add in a logo right there. Uh, performance. I'm just going to name this performance. I'm just call greens. Performance greens. Now, I don't have image ads for or images for these little things. So, I'm just going to put delete that. Boom. I'm going move that up. And then what I'm going to do is let me just here is my headline. Please give me three sub benefits. There we go. Effortless energy boost. Boom. Instant gut relief. Oh my god. Okay. And then stronger immunity, simpler routine. There we go. Now we have an ad ready to roll. Colors I would say are iffy on this. So I could spend some a little bit more time here. Like for example, changing it more towards the like athletic green ones. So I could actually change all of these. That looks good. This also needs to change right here. change all of these. All right, quick. That looks amazing. Now, let's just say I want to do some iterations of this or like a test a few different headlines real quick. I can go in and let's just say there's another one. Mom's love, no pills, no hass dreamy feels revitalizing. Okay, cool. I can come in and do this. Boom. Duplicate. And then breakfast you sip. Sounds strange. Healthy habit zero prep sound real sick. Feels perfect. There we go. So now I have literally have three image ads. I can launch file, download, deselect the first one. Done. Download. Give it a second. There we go. And then I literally have my creatives right here. Ready to go. Super simple and honestly looks 10 times better than anything you could probably make in Photoshop itself. This is just another example I made like really quick following the same process. Let me actually log back in. to accidentally log myself out. I just want to show youall some of the other templates in here. Oh, here like another amazing one. Three reasons why use template for new design. Here I can come and do the same. I don't have a good photo for this, but I'll just kind of toss this in. AG1. Oh, wait. Hold up. Here is my headline inspo. Let's just see what this one is. Oh, here we go. Three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. I choose AG one to get my energy back. There we go. Go back to chatbt. Now, it already created the three sub benefits for me, so I didn't have to do it, but I'm going to do it like this. There we go. And then one more sub protein big results. So, there we go. And then like this one would be a good one to like basically go ahead and I could split test, you know, different like three reasons why I choose A1 to get my energy back. Instead, I could do something like this and be like, give me two more with different desires. And then we can see what this pushes out. Three reasons why I choose each one to stop getting sick. And next one's in my daily bloating. And duplicate that. And then I would also go add in like the specific sub benefits, but I'm not going to do that for this video. Obviously, I would also do like a much better photo on this side right here. But yeah, you guys know the key thing, right? Like you would go in, you could add in like more of a higher quality photo here, some type of product photography, and then boom, like this would be ready to roll. So yeah, Creative OS really phenomenal product. Something I've been using a lot lately. They have a lot of different ad types right here. offers, deals and discounts, social proof, testimonials. There's also some other stuff they have for like different like specific industries. Yeah, a lot of cool stuff. Ad layout. This is like if you want to do like only one by on's right here. I personally do only the one by ones cuz 90% of our English or our not English ads, but 90% of our ads we use specifically with what you call it um one by on's. So here, just going to do one more example for y'all. Just because I'm actually generally interested how to make this look. So, I'm going to t that put that in right there. AG1. I'm going upload. Oh, that looks good. I'm going to change this color. There we go. That's more AG green. All right. Free gift when you spend to be honest. I think AG1 does have an offer like this. Let me go through our website real quick. It's actually a free gift when you spend $90, $79. Or it's actually a free gift when you subscribe and save. So, we'll go here. free gift when you subscribe and save. And obviously, I wouldn't want to like add in that. That's some legal stuff that we should probably keep there, but I don't know the legal stuff specifically for this product. And then use code Nickio. There we go. Cool. And then obviously you can duplicate that. Now, for this one right here, I'd probably just test different like product photos here. So, let's see. Maybe I'd bring in something like this. And I can toss that in right there. Uh, that would be a problem. Let's see if I can just shrink shrink this a little bit. Can I? Oh, it is stuck. There we go. Obviously, you would make this look a little bit better, but just to show y'all. Right there. So, I could do that. And then like I don't know, maybe another one I do. Let me crop this. I think you just double click original. Oh, wait. Hold up. I would only show the one gift. Yeah, there we go. So, just some creative differences right there. Look at that. It's literally like 10 minutes. We've made what? These three creatives, these three creatives, these three creatives right there. We just made nine new image ads. And like this is literally me intentionally rushing to get this YouTube video done. Whereas like if I actually spent like a good hour really taking my time and being very particular about the copy and like actually having the right photos that my photographer already took for me. Again, this is not a product we promote or anything like that. Putting all that in together, like you can create a lot of image ads really quick. So, hope you all enjoyed this video. Again, creative oas.com. This is not a sponsored video or anything like that. Just something genuinely that we've been liking. If you look right here, I've already saved 22 hours total for just how much I've actually been using this platform and everything like that. So, I actually have been using it and stuff. It's not just something I'm throwing at y'all real quick as like a YouTuber or anything like that. But yeah, creative.com. Hope youall enjoyed this video. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. That being said, my name is Zero. I'll talk to you guys later. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pedrosierra4962 [3 likes]: creative os is the shit
  2. @michaelcorleone9989 [3 likes]: i feel like these ads are way down the funnel, and so unscalable
  3. @timlahiff [2 likes]: I've been trying to create a custom audience but when I click "create a custom audience" nothing happens. tried clearing my catch, trying other browsers and checking access. Anyone experiencing this issue?
  4. @Breadwinner109 [2 likes]: Nick love the vids. Wanted to know if you ever give the excel sheet where you write all the concepts that you test. I remember seeing it and thought it would come in handy
  5. @We_Werent_Alone [1 likes]: Nice video❤
  6. @GreatMercy-oq9rc [1 likes]: Nick, which screen recorder, do you use ?
  7. @JaimeGuli419 [1 likes]: How do you deal with text being cut off because that is not all in the "safe zone"
  8. @Marvnation [1 likes]: Start your free trial... enter credit card detail. no thanks.
  9. @abkarim100 [1 likes]: Why dont you just ask gpt to create an image id for you?
  10. @charlesbassey4829 [1 likes]: Well done Nick, i didn't get the name of the creative template site?
  11. @a.mitkovski [1 likes]: Hey Nick, I'm launching a new line of rugby memorabilia alongside my existing Australian Football ones. Would you recommend keeping them in the same Meta campaign for efficiency, or separating them into their own campaign to avoid confusing the algorithm? They're the same product essentially but two different sports. Keen to hear your take on how you'd structure it.
  12. @infowebsite-f1g [1 likes]: Do you use naming conventions to analyze your data?

I want to setup a system that we can make fast iterations so would love to hear your opinion on this
  13. @Chess-hj4gq9rk5l [1 likes]: What conversation rate do you aim for when your selling at a minimum AOV of $170 ?
  14. @filmingyu6623 [1 likes]: Hey Nick! What time & day is best to launch a new CBO campaign? Some say 12am midnight OR 6am on Monday for cleanest 7-day data and cheaper CPMs. Does it matter if 12a or 6am? Is Monday best day?
  15. @jasonkwilliamson [1 likes]: cool content man, how do you go from like 1080x1080 to a 1920 version like Fb reel?
  16. @yūtov6w300: I cannot stress enough how much cold emails can scale your business, especially when you use the right tools! Mystrika has truly changed my approach, providing options like AI writing and personalization. It is so important for connecting meaningfully. If you have not yet, give Mystrika a shot—your email strategy will thank you!
  17. @yamamotomio9270: I have dabbled with cold emails, but Filter Bounce has been pivotal in maintaining my bounce rate! I have been using it alongside my cold emailing tool, and the real-time verification is spot on. Their affordable rates make it easy to keep consistent quality. Do not miss out on using Filter Bounce if you want accurate insights to improve your campaigns.
  18. @harunae8yi9612: I love the way cold emails allow for open communication! Since I combined Do You Mail with my cold emailing strategy, I have noticed my reputation improving significantly. The automatic DNS configuration saves me time! If you are wrestling with deliverability, I highly suggest giving Do You Mail a shot. Their scalability really makes a difference.
  19. @yukimatsuura9374: I used to struggle with identifying valid leads, but Filter Bounce took my worries away. Integrating it with my cold email efforts was seamless! The fact that it keeps my bounce rate under 1% is amazing. I highly suggest trying Filter Bounce if you are serious about effective cold emailing. It is worth every penny!
  20. @hrsproductionsvip: NICKYY!  - Clothing Brand owner here, im usually up to date with meta, but i noticed something in your videos changed. Before it was always switching to Manual Audience Targeting, and now it seems your using Advantage + Audience. The new update where you cant choose between manual sales and advantage campaign hasnt came to me yet, but i wonder.. is advantage + audience the way to go now? Ive been running ads for a while, and always used manual. Awaiting your response ! 

Watched all your vids,
                                        @up4hours

- 10 Winning Facebook Image Ads You Need to Test Right Now: Kind: captions Language: en so far on this channel I've done a lot of content about video ads but one thing we haven't really touched on is Statics and Statics are actually outperforming ugc and other AD types in quite a few of our accounts and they're super easy to put together which means you can get a load of quick wins so today I'm going to be going behind the scenes and showing you our entire static Playbook at ad crate which is my performance creative agency and we'll be going through some examples of top Statics that you can recreate for your brand but let's start off by talking about why Statics are so powerful and one of the reasons for this is because they're actually cheaper than videos to run which means if you can make Statics that sell the products as well as your videos do then you'll be able to take advantage of overall lower ad costs and because those ad costs are cheaper you can get learnings quicker for example whenever we take on a new account the first thing that we do is create a ton of Statics covering basically every angle that we can think of and run them to see which gets the highest click-through rate and then we use that to determine what angles we should then take into video production but it's not just specific cases that Statics are useful for they can also help you reach different type of customers because here's the thing everyone on social media consumes content differently some of your audience prefers to consume video some will prefer to consume images carousels Etc if you're only making ugc style ads or generally if you're only making one type of act you are potentially missing out on all of that audience who consumes content in the other methods so by producing Statics and different types of AD you can diversify your audience pool and in turn lower your ad costs so let's talk about what makes a great static ad and pretty simply it's the same as any other type of AD you just got to apply the Ada principle so through your headline your copy and your design you've got to number one grab someone's attention number two pick their interest number three evote desire and fourth thing you've got to prompt them to take action and one of the easiest ways to do that is the before and after just like this ad from amra and the first thing I'll say about this ad is if you have a clear visual transformation you should be Plastering that everywhere in your ads in your hooks in your static ads in your b-roll if I can tell within the first 0.5 seconds what the product does and how it's going to benefit me then that's usually a good sign but I know not every product has such a clear visible transformation so what if you've got something different so take a look at this ad from Modern bow they've got someone in other genes of another brand Um how my genes looked in 2022 and they've compared that versus how they look in in 2023 with the modern bow jeans and you can see once again there's a clear difference and when you're producing these before and afters you want to do everything within reasonability to make the before look bad to make the after look even better so if it's a shirt can you like crease the shirt or make it baggy or make it tight or whatever and then you obviously want to make sure that your shirt fits as well as possible which is what they've done here with their jeans so even though this might seem like a fairly basic ad it seems like it's working for them as you can see in here it says it has been running for over 104 days now which is insane it's very rare that a brand will run an ad for that long if it's not working and by the way that is a very good ending indicated the filter for performance when you're looking at ads in foreplay are they still running if so how long have they been running for and you can actually sort ads by the longest running ones so that you just can't show a clear visual transformation for well what everyday dose I've done here was quite smart um they've shown basically what it was like on day one so before using their product versus day 30 after using their products and they've just done a pretty simple benefits call out showing what problems people are facing right now and then what solutions they have received by using the product for 30 days once again this is another example of an ad that's been running for a while it's uh it's one month this has been running for which is not as strong as the Morton bow one um but still a good indicator the next type of ad that you can produce which is pretty similar to the pool versus after is the US versus them this is where you're going to be looking at the more traditional industry approach and then presenting your new modern solution is it cheaper does it have more features does it function better basically you've got to answer the question why should I leave my traditional safe option this is a great example from Ridge once again within the first half a second of looking at this I can see exactly what the value prop is and how it can solve my problem they're showing all the problems with the bulky traditional wallet you can't track it it doesn't have a lifetime warranty it doesn't come in any colors or Styles and then they're showing Ridge as the solution to this and the design of the ad does a great job in visualizing that comparison so it's a very simple test with a huge performance upside the third type of static ad is what I call a pricing call out and these are really effective for Brands positioned in the lower or middle end of the market but you don't necessarily certainly have to be saying how cheap your product is what you can do is something like what Harry's have done here and comparing to an overpriced competitor so they're not saying hey look at how cheap we are they're saying look at this overpriced competitor you're getting ripped off by which is a really smart angle that they lean into and we're going to give you everything that they give you but for half the price another example of a pricing call out is actually breaking it down on a granular level just like it's added from fuel if you look at their ad comments a lot of the objections are that it's too expensive so they handled that objection by breaking it down on a per meal price to make it seem cheaper 3.76 per meal sounds a lot better than 80 per month the next half of ad that you can produce is what I call the headline plus benefit and this is the most common style of image ad take a look at another huel ad here and notice how they've got a very clear concise headline and that's the game of the game here you want to talk directly to your Target customers in as little words as possible there's a lot more that they could have said here they've done it in three words they've used alliteration and they're talking directly to the customer's pain points and then they're able to add benefits around the side so your eyes actually drawn to the headline and then you go on to the benefits 40 grams of protein 400 calories let's talk about a little bit of a spicier headline now this add from fly which I can't decide whether it's a good or a bad one although having said that it did first start running in April and it's still running now three months later so I guess that answers the question I'm a virgin but I literally thought I might be pregnant it's a great headline but what you might not have realized is the subtle technique that they've used here to grab your attention I want you to look at how this text at the top has been distorted because this is a very old advertising Concepts called expressive typography the idea is that you stretch Bend skew warp distort your headline in a slight way to disrupt the reader's regular scanning pattern because once again getting their attention is half the battle and then they read that headline and they're like oh now I've got to stop obviously you don't want to distort the text to the point where it becomes unreadable but this is a very subtle technique that you can use to grab someone's attention the next tab I've had is a very simple review or testimonial I want you to take a look at how of you have done this once again using the social post format and combining it with a before and after and it's important to note here when you are using testimonials please do not use boring service level testimonials ideally you want to use reviews that go in depth about the use cases that people have had for your products and ideally have some kind of before and after I use this product like we have here once again very simple to put together high potential upside this next one might be my favorite is taking a frame from your ugc videos and running those as ads take a look at this example from ovira this ad has been running for five months and it is literally a frame from one of their ugc videos I don't understand why more Brands aren't doing this so here's the thing every ugc video that you put out literally has about 15 to 20 Statics there inside it raise it go you just got to take the frames and then put them into an ad now you don't necessarily have to to run it in this style where you just run the raw static you could put it inside a meme template you could turn it into a social post you could turn it into before and after the point is you've already got this content it's such easy testing and once again higher potential upside and that leads us on to our next tactic which is meme star ads you probably come across the big Instagram Pages like memes are and and Jerry these meme Pages have literally tens of millions of followers that is tens of millions of people who are actively consuming content in this specific style and as an Advertiser you can tap into that massive audience already conditioned to consume content in that Style by putting your ads into meme style templates likewise you can also do this with some of your best performing video ads just put them inside a like a a white square and put them in the middle then add some text at the top and another way that you can do this which I've shown multiple examples of in this video is by using the social post format so this is where you're putting your ad in the format of a Facebook post or a tweet or even in this case a Reddit post to make it feel native in the feed and to do this you want to think about where your audience hang out there's no point talking to a 22 year old female with a Facebook post layout so what the one second app done well here is that they understand their audience is actively using Reddit so this will grab their attention they've actually turned it into a carousel where they explain about the app and this ad has been running for I mean there you go 257 dates so it must be crushing for them or at least I would assume so another way you can make your ads feel organic is by using an iPhone style for example take a look at this ad from reframe where they've used the iPhone Notes app now sometimes these ads do run into ad policy issues but it seems to be like kind of hit or miss with Facebook I like that they've used the Apple notes title as their headline that grabs your attention that's the first thing I see and then I go into what almost seems like an ad script here you can literally take your ugc ad scripts and put it into a Notes app ad like this and once again one very subtle thing they've done done here is use bold text to break up this chunky paragraph you could also do this with an iMessage chat this is another ad that we made for Harry's and once again we are using frames from the ugc video and leaning into the stop getting ripped off angle and we've made a couple of these that are performing really well at the moment although you could argue that they might be stealing conversions because people are clicking on them to open the rest of the conversation and then not realizing it's an ad in the takes you to the website so I don't know but we've had a couple of these perform really well and finally another really simple but effective ad that you can put together is a native benefits call out so we looked at a benefits call out earlier and this is a slightly different style it's another ad from Modern bow but look how they've used the Instagram native text style to call out their benefits it just makes the ad feel a little bit less produced and more authentic and that may be enough to stop someone scrolling by the way if you want to check out any of the ads that we've gone through today click the link in the description below and that will take you to a foreplay board where you can see them all and save them down and that's it for our static Playbook we do obviously make ads outside of these Concepts but this is a great base to start from especially when we're working with a new client so like And subscribe and ring the bell if you haven't already stay tuned and I will see you in next week's video

  Top Comments:
  1. @elphara92 [2 likes]: Great video ! There's another static concept I like : reproduce the instagram social post and make your product (or whatever) pop out of the frame. It gives a 3D effect and grab the attention
  2. @josephbraide: This channel is gold.
  3. @zubairmansoori2200: yes now a days static ads kills and you summarise it very well keep it up

- Facebook Ads Image Size: Get More Conversions With Proper Optimization: Kind: captions Language: en this is something that i think many facebook advertisers completely overlook and ignore but i know for myself personally it has had a huge huge positive impact on my facebook ads performance and conversions and that is facebook ads image size optimization so when you create a new ad on facebook you quickly end up at this screen to select media crop for placements and that is because depending on where the ad is ran there are different optimal sizes for that placement so when we look at this we can see for stories in reels apps and sites the optimal size is a ratio of 9 to 16. so a tall rectangle for feeds in stream videos overlay ads and reels the optimal size is one to one a square and then for right column search results uh in instant articles the optimal size is a wide rectangle at 1.91 to 1. but when we upload an image we are just uploading one image and to be quick and to kind of move through things quickly i know a lot of marketers just kind of you know skim over this and click next maybe they'll you know click on this and try to move something around or they'll say hey you know does it look better in 9 16 to 1 can i find a better crop for it no i can't so i'll just go original but there is a lot a lot a lot a lot of meat left on the table by not optimizing and creating ads or images for ads in all of these sizes so in this case here i uploaded a square one to one and that's typically the ad that i'll start with but now when i you know look at it on this screen and we go for our 9 to our 9 to 16 our tall rectangle i see okay we really don't have a good crop here so what this means and what i'll do is i'll go back to the drawing board and then i'll come back here and create a new ad and i'll put in the right dimensions or create a new image putting in the right dimensions i'll multiply by a thousand so it's going to be uh one nine one hundred nineteen ten by a thousand all right override the current graphic excuse me i just did that wrong i made a wide rectangle we're going for a tall rectangle so it's going to be a thousand by nine right so here's my tall rectangle so now i'll come back here and i'll find a picture that fits i need to find a picture that fits in a tall rectangle or maybe this doesn't work right so what i'll do is i'll go and let me see if i can find the picture i can't find that same picture i probably can't find it quickly might do something like i don't know let's just go to that but that i guess that kind of works actually that picture works you know i'll find another picture that works and do this like that right so that works obviously i have to resize my text that may have been too large yeah so let's shrink it all down right and i'll go on and i will create an image for each one now uh what if right what if i want to use that same image and in this case i couldn't use that same image because i couldn't find it at least i couldn't find it quickly well what we could do in that case is we can just kind of put the image down below and then have the text up top so uh let's go graphics on this actually let's go to background color we'll set it all to black okay so we got that and if we go graphics and then photos kids eating we're just gonna select a random one here right rather than stretching it to fit the whole thing i might just do this and use that as our tall rectangle here in facebook ads so rather than you know assume i didn't find that image i was going to reuse the same image i might just make this image in a tall rectangle and the difference that we have above it i'll use that to put my caption or i could put that below the image and then i'll go through and i'll create a wide rectangle and aside from cropping which you can do you can also replace so you can select a different image so let me just show you here you know we see that our wide rectangle isn't going to be very good because we're not getting the actual kids in there right we can just come here and replace this and select a different image and i just put this one in here as a wide rectangle example right so now we're using the original images no cropped and we're creating them to be formatted and to look good at all of these different aspect ratios in doing this can just create huge huge huge huge returns i'm talking like doubling or tripling your ad performance as opposed to just you know having this which kind of looks funky right in each one or clicking original facebook's going to see that they're like all right that isn't optimized for my user at this device i'm going to show them or i'm not going to give preference to this ad over ads that we could run that are optimized so yeah coming through here creating individual image sizes and optimizing the image size for the specific facebook ad placement can result in for me it personally has resulted in huge huge ad performance what has been your experience with facebook ads image size optimization try it out and then let me know in the comments below that's a wrap on this one guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @sfl1986 [4 likes]: you said double performance if you do this. Where are you taking that data from? One upside of optimizing for story and not going directly with the square format is when using square, instagram automatically adds up the copy below the pic on stories .Curious to know if u actually split tested optimizing image vs just square for all and if it really was double the ROAS
  2. @RasheedOluwaseun [1 likes]: What app are using to edit?
  3. @TheWaqaspuri [1 likes]: in 2024 Facebook Ad. it doesn't show up Replace button to Upload more sizes.
  4. @anisalamov361 [1 likes]: Insightful video! But how were you able to select a completely different image ad for 'Right columns, search results, instant articles,' wouldn't that be a different ad at that point?
  5. @WeStudyFunnels: ### Learn by reverse engineering live funnels! Get Daily Funnel Breakdowns at https://westudyfunnels.com
  6. @Neelima....: Tool name please
  7. @SnareTrapSurvive: I dont see any of  this when creating an ad. There is no option for me to see 3 sizes
  8. @phillmudvayne: Thank you mate! I was looking for a way to do for ages!!
  9. @paulmartinez123ministries3: What’s the best software to help change ratios and resolutions?
  10. @solomonaregbe9994: Thank you for his Video.

Please can you make 4.5 square fb feed image  for me. I have an idea of exactly what i want. And i am willing to pay for you time. let me know
  11. @Stephane_Verret: Such a simple idea, yet so powerful! Big thanks for this video man, I just finished three ads that are SO much better this way!!

- Facebook Video & Image Ad Size To Use If You Want to SCALE!: Kind: captions Language: en had a lot of people ask me what's the best Facebook image ad or video ad size to use and today's video is going to kind of go into that should use 9 by 16s 1X ones 4X 5S well today I'll be kind of giving you what I've been doing and whether or not you want to follow that's completely up to you so here's an example right here this is what I like to do it's called a 9 by6 and then all I do is put a one by one safe Zone what does that mean that means that this full creative will be filled up as a 9x6 but all the important stuff goes in this 1X one safe Zone box and just to show youall really quick an actual creative th so that way you understand here's a great example right here so here we have a full 9 by6 but you can notice the one by one spacing that's kind of implied here in this particular creative now the cool thing about this is that we can appear on reals we can appear on stories and we can appear on a news feed and guess what we're going to be okay we're not going to have to worry about weird cropping issues um I don't have to worry about making 1ex ones and 9x 16s like I can literally everything will be here and same thing with video as well videos applied exactly the same way I just video is just not needed for this particular example right here but yeah that's that's all we do it's relatively simple what I would say answer for this and it's probably going to be like literally one of my shortest YouTube videos ever [Laughter] but yeah so I hopefully this answers everyone's question around this and again this will be for you know perfect Facebook video and photo image size to use and um another like I guess you can say key factor here is that like you want to still kind of film that 9 x16 you just want to kind of kind of keep that in mind when you're filming that the important stuff needs to happen at one by one safe Zone also too another thing is uh maybe if you don't want to do this then the other key factor I'd be looking at is do you even need a focus on 9 x16s so if we're working with a brand that has like little to no spin on 9 x16s and I'm just not going to worry about it like can care lot if it has a bad placement issue right there whereas some Brands like 50% of our spin will go to like reals and stories and we need to focus on those 9x1 16s right there but yeah so key factor here you have a full 9x6 video ad or photo ad and then all you do is just have that one by one safe Zone pretty much right in the middle uh this one's a little higher but the one we used for this one right here was right in the middle and um you know we were solid like this looked phenomenal that's it that's the perfect Facebook video size or image size to use when uh you're running Facebook ads so that way it shows up perfect in all placements and you don't have to worry about uploading 1ex ones or 9x 166s it's just boom here you go hopefully that helps you out if you enjoyed this video one of my shortest YouTube videos ever hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and with that being said have a great rest all day peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @inakihisoka9181 [3 likes]: I’m uploading my video with the correct size, but an error message appears saying that it doesn’t meet Instagram’s size requirements. I don’t understand! I’m sure I’m using the right dimensions.
  2. @Zura-w5x [2 likes]: Hi Nick, is it okay if manually created captions are outside the 'safe zone' on video ads?
  3. @OBMADE [2 likes]: Basically your "safe zone" is 1:1
  4. @SeleneCastrovillacreates [1 likes]: Thank you for a simple solution without mumbo jumbo! I'm subscribing!!
  5. @gombiloto [1 likes]: 🎉
  6. @guillermothomas4121 [1 likes]: thank you for a down to the point video!
  7. @mrcleojohnson [1 likes]: Straight to the point 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
  8. @UnEjemplo [1 likes]: Great video. Quick question. Should the 1:1 space be centered or offset?
  9. @poetrydishonkenkansal6504 [1 likes]: Which size is best for Facebook ad video...plz response me asap😢
  10. @JennyHansenLane [1 likes]: Helpful and fun tip.
  11. @YourGameGalaxy [1 likes]: Do you have a download link to this template/overlay?
  12. @peacefulman1104 [1 likes]: Recently my client provided me with like a 2:1 ratio video. As usual I took them to capcut and change video aspect ratio to 1:1, 9:16 and 1.91:1 and fill the background with blur. But recently I am seeing though the content is good but video response isn't. What ratio should I use? Should I just use solid color or keep the original video as it is.
  13. @ChetanDas-w9w [1 likes]: Thanku so much for helping me.
  14. @HevvyMo [1 likes]: Been struggling with this! Thanks!
  15. @AlexSmith-fs6ro [1 likes]: Great  presentation, thanks.

What is the best resolution for 9:16 videos?

Will it look ok for video posts, and when pinned (under Feature) on Fb?

Many thanks!
  16. @Rajankumar-vc3en [1 likes]: ❤❤
  17. @jamiehayestips [1 likes]: What is the maximum video size in file size or minutes for a Facebook lead ad? Could it be a 23 minute video?
  18. @CR_za: People 'Ax' you?
  19. @minuteswithira5110: This is short and concise.  Thank you . I just started @wabisabiphl but got no talent for digital socmed nor adsa dn all that,  prolly the reason of tiny to no likes. But this is insightful.  Will be watching more. Thank you.
  20. @JP-wm1qz: So flexible media on or off?
And do we change to 1:1 for facebook feed or just keep it on original?

- How To Make [VIRAL] Facebook & Instagram Image Ads In 6 Mins.: Kind: captions Language: en studying massive Brands like mudwater Lululemon and ag1 and that's when I realized they all have something in common all of these major brands with massive marketing budgets are running image ads and that's why I figured hey if all of the biggest brands in Ecom are using image ads I need to implement this into my own brand so that's exactly what I did and you can see all the results that I got from actually doing this my cost per purchase went down my cpms went down everything started working a lot better and for a lot longer I think image ads are extremely underrated they're three times on average cheaper than video apps if you're not testing them out in your Ecom brand you have to be doing this so in this video I'm going to walk through my exact strategy on how I crank out image ads all right let's get right into it today I'm going to walk you through my step-by-step process on how I crank out a ton of image ads extremely easy with little to no thought actually put into them I'll show you my thought process on creating High converting image ads and then I'll actually demonstrate this and we'll build one live together so like I was saying before about the top Ecom brands in the space all running image ads with their massive marketing budgets that indicates that these are extremely successful and really underrated cuz most people are using video and on top of all of that it also means that they've been testing image ads for a long time so they know what kind of templates in copy actually work therefore all we have to do is just copy what they're doing but with our own flare so that brings me to the first step on how I create image ads so creative OS is one of the tools that I use they took the same main idea that I did and they said if there's top performing Ecom Brands spending all this money on marketing to test for us let's copy them and then provide this as a service so that's exactly what creative os does and if you want a free trial you can check them out I'll throw the link Down Below in the description but this is my go-to software to use for ideation cuz I'm not that creative I'm not a great graphic designer I'm essentially a oneman team here in my Ecom brand so I I need a little bit of help here so going on the back end of the platform we've got ad templates email templates and landing page templates and again these are all scraped from the top Ecom brands that have done all of this testing and work for us so the premise here is that you can scroll through and use any of these image ads that the top brands are using copy them into canva or figma and then replace with your own image or copy and then boom you've got your own great looking image ad and you can do all of this without having to be creative or a good graphic designer the product that we're going to use as an example is going to be this image right here it's a solo wave uh red light therapy wand it's just easy to copy and paste this and implement it into a lot of templates but ideally you'd want to do this with your own product right in your own product images so I'm going to add a filter on here and then click on features and benefits cuz I think that's the main one that we want to kind of promote or create an image out around a test I'm just going to go with this one right here uh we we could definitely replace this with our own image and then have all these different icons and copy on the left side so what we're going to do now is we're going to copy into canva just click the canva button and then use template for new design so it's got the inspiration template up top and then down below is where you actually edit your own image ad so what we first need to do is obviously replace the image because we need to bring our own product in here so we're going to copy this one we're going to paste it into canva and the first thing that we're going to do here is actually remove the background we want to show just the product similar to what they're doing up here then we might add like a light little Shadow here as well so let's get this place placed up correctly here and make sure that nothing is overlapping then what we're going to do next is add that shadow and try to get it to look a little bit you know correct sometimes canva can be a little iffy with shadows so I think what they're doing is a backdrop type of Shadow so we're going to do the same thing um but we're going to change the direction to match theirs which I think is like this the intensity could be a little lower we're going to have it like a little bit floating direction we're going to leave right here the blur amount I think that looks pretty similar there's his tight onto the product but I think this is fine it's kind of like a floating version of the product here and the reason that we're adding that shadow I think it just adds a little bit depth we could add stuff onto the background too if we want to take from a different template and plug it into here but now we've got the image placed in here edit it up background's removed now the next thing that I like to do is the headline the headline in my opinion from what I've noticed is the most important thing in the image ad it's the first place that a potential customer's eyes are going to go to therefore we need to make a really bold statement here we need to capture their attention and if it's the only thing that they read we want it to be the headline I think testing marketing angles in terms of advertising is one of the most if not the most important thing in terms of overall marketing so we need to come up with a strong marketing angle here for this product and that's where the second tool that I use comes into play there's also a free trial for Dropout AI as well I'm just showing you guys the exact process that I go through because I'm again I'm not really a creative person so I rely on tools and so what we're going to do here is plug in our product name in the description of the product so now I've plugged in red light therapy wand and then I said the emphasis is to reduce skin irritation redness and blemishes and now what we're mainly looking for today is marketing angles for that headliner we might come back and pull a couple other things for the copy on the left side as well but for now we're just going to hit generate and then we can see if there's any strong marketing angles that we want to use so what it came up with was say goodbye to unwanted spots and hello to clear your skin feels like magic wand I kind of like that perfect for the days when your skin feels angry imagine waking up with the skin that loves you back I kind of like that one the best that's a pretty strong marketing angle there I think that would capture my attention at least and I think it's a pretty strong headline that I'd want to test out so we're to copy that and go back into canva we might have to adjust this a little bit but we're going to paste it in here let's play around with this a little bit and see what we can do here I'm going say imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back so I think I want to change the way this is laid out and make this part smaller and then this kind of like the main header and then the subheader is this underneath it so we're going to take that here we're going to capitalize all those letters all right so we're adding this subheader portion here and then we're going to reduce to size maybe to like 40 okay we're going to pump it up there to 46 and kind of align it right there I think we're going to lower this just a smidge okay imagine this waking up with skin that loves you back that's our headline for right now and we might change the background here to kind of emphasize this a little bit more now we need to add the icons in here and change the copy and we want this copy to actually enhance our marketing angle so it's waking up with skin that loves you back so we're thinking nourishment healthy skin plump really rejuvenated Feeling by using our product so what we're trying to do here is do a mix of backing up the marketing angle but also listing the features and describing our product a little bit so our first statement that we're going to say is reduces Fine Lines we're going to copy the same format of this ad and actually say how our product does this so This is actually not like a product I'm selling but I'm just going to make up some statistics or like some features of this product just for the sake of the example all right so that's what we're going to say for this one we need to change the icon here so probably something with like a light bulb so we're going to go into the element section and type in light bulb we're probably going to do all black and white for these uh actually I don't know I kind of want to do like a little bit of color here to make it pop since we have a white background right now but the problem with colored icons is they call kind of need to match to some extent so it's a little bit more difficult unless you've got like an icon pack or something like that but let's change this one and just use this icon here and we're going to replace it right there and we're still going to be formatting and adjusting these later but let's just get these figured out first we're going to need to move this down just slightly just to give a little bit of space in between those so now the second thing that we're going to add as kind of our subheader of you know what the features are of the product so I looked up some features of what this product actually does and there's a galvanic current I don't even know if I'm saying that right we're going to plug that in there and then copy the second part here obviously this is all dependent on your product right of what the features are of your own but we're going to add this right here give a little description of that scoot this over here then we're going to need an icon for that one as well and then honestly we're not going to do a fourth running out of space here cuz we're getting pretty descriptive so we're going to scoot this one up take this one move it down a little bit and then let's separate these three we'll make them a little bit more even later on but for now we just going to change this let's do like a current here so Graphics let's see I need like a like electricity kind of thing maybe like a zap like a lightning could be good we could also match the vibe of this product right so we can change the color go into here we can pull this exact type of pink let's get this about the same size as the other icons align those a little bit better maybe pull it up a bit here let's quickly grab in the last one that we want to do so we're going to do facial massage here from their description okay so now we got facial massage we've got the other description in here and we're going to pull another icon let's just type in facial and see what we boom easy for this one let's maybe do like a different color we might do a blue okay I think that is good enough it's I wish this was a little more bold actually maybe we can use one of these let's use this one instead we're going to change the color of this one and we're going to make it blue and we're going to match to about the same size as the other ones here give or take so now we need to obviously kind of format these cuz there's a little bit too much space in between each one or the space is not actually equivalent to each other now all of them are 43 pixels away from each other now let's make sure these are all in the same place in comparison to the description on the right side all right so those are looking pretty aligned here and then we can obviously change anything that we want to make it a little more branded to our specific brand such as fonts coloring all those types of things and to even add a little more texture here I might go back onto creative West and actually pull a background from a different company and then use that one all right let's click on this one right here I think this nice pink gradient could be good for the product that we're selling and I do like their fonts and I like the colors that they've got going on here so we're going to use that as inspiration so let's take this from canva and paste it back on our other one here with this nice gradient now we're going to want to change these to White I think it'll pop a little bit more so we're going to change all and so this one let's see what kind of font they're using they're using this fredoka font with an effect on it and so the effect is an outline and it's a black outline let's see if that actually looks pretty good with ours yeah we're going to change all of these yep it's looking a little more bubbly I like it a little bit better and now we're going to change this to the effects and we're going to outline and then we're going to do black like they did I think it pops a lot more actually so we're going to do that for all of these real quick okay so now we got all those done we need to also copy this kind of I would say like you know separation between the headline like this should be like more bold than this in my opinion so in order to do that we can do a couple things we can add a line underneath it we can make it bigger I think the first thing we're going to try is just making this bigger and see if that looks good honestly I don't mind it let's try to put that for all of these let's try 46 so I still don't think the headlines fully stand out so we're going to try an underline here to see if that works um a little bit better I don't think I really like that that much so we might just add a [Music] line so what we're actually going to do to separate them is actually just take the box from the other one from the other template that we're using and plug it in right here and then separate them a little bit all right so I reduced the size of this a little bit and added the backgrounds to it I think it looks a lot cleaner and it's not as cluttered as before we move the icons over a little bit we should probably change the color of this one though let going to go with another yellow maybe or even a black uh I think I like yellow so we're going to leave that one as yellow we're going to leave the light bulb here and the facial massage there so this is looking pretty good for this we can scoot it up maybe just a smidge let's see how that looks I think that's a pretty strong headline there it showcases the product here are the features of the product we can even add arrows here pointing to the different areas of the product if we wanted to which I see a lot of major Ecom Brands doing so let's add a few of these in here and see how it looks it might be too cluttered but we're going to just try and see how it kind of looks here we'll never know I mean honestly so far I don't think it's too cluttered I don't know if I like these arrows in here just cuz they're all poting the same exact way if we had this in the center and this kind of populated around it then I think the arrows would make more sense we're actually going to reduce those and keep it a little bit more simple so now we're essentially done with this image ad and we're good to go and test it out we just took a couple different elements from two different ad templates here a little bit of this one with more placement in the structure we took more of the copy styling and coloring from this ad and put them together to create this one now this ad is ready to go and start testing this is how easy it is to crank out so many of these image ads as long as you have your product photo and know what kind of copy that you want to write in your marketing angles if you've got all of those aligned you can just crank out so many different ads on all all of these templates on Creative OS which just allows you to take all of this creativity from these big brands that have a large marketing budget which we don't have let them do all the heavy lifting and then you just copy and paste it add your own flare to it with your own ads and then boom you're good to go so this is my personal process on how I create image ads that actually convert I don't create them from scratch I just copy the big Brands and then add my own product image and copy and essentially like my own flare to them and kind of morph together a couple different templates you guys should definitely try out image ads for your brand if you haven't already it's a lot cheaper again it's three times cheaper on average than video ads which is really really helpful to scale especially during quarter 4 when ad costs are typically higher all right guys thank you for watching I hope this was really helpful for you guys let me know if you have any more questions about my strategies or want to see more videos like this in the future and of course if you got any questions just leave them down below in the comment section and of course if you want to join my mentorship get a free custom store three live coaching calls a week all completely for free I'll have that link Down Below in the description as well all right guys again thank you for watching and I'll see you guys next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanessadesign93 [65 likes]: Just letting you ALL KNOW, that not only this website service is expensive, but it also makes it incredibly hard for you to cancel the subscription. Companies with those practices, are not worth your time.
  2. @AustinRabin [10 likes]: Hope this video helps you guys scale up using image ads! Don't forget to get your free custom store and mentorship here https://www.storebuildai.com
  3. @Marketingparalatinos_ [4 likes]: I think so too! I’m
Using images and are working for my client
  4. @vanessadesign93 [3 likes]: I requested by email to cancel my subscription because this website doesn't give you an option to cancel, and nobody replied, so now I was charged! Does anyone know what else can I do?
  5. @grantfarrell6451 [1 likes]: Can this be done in video mode ads ??
  6. @ManonMoreau-l7m [1 likes]: Great video! Really enjoyed the content
  7. @alexidornigie4599: It depends.
  8. @Encryptra: thank rabin
  9. @stevenbazan9681: great  info thank you
  10. @AnandMirdha-z9x: ❤❤
  11. @bestcitywalkz: you're making a huge assumption that those brands are trying to get sales off image ads.  Giant brands like Coca-cola can spend millions just on "brand awareness" campaigns.  Doesn't mean you should copy that strategy, unless you have millions set aside for "awareness".
  12. @Aqwal_al3oulama: what u putting music into your video this is very disturbing next!!
  13. @Cashfloww-h9t: I bought the plan on glitching and i can’t generate digital products
  14. @ATL-gb3ub: Awesome work!!!
  15. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Solid tips on image ad creation! I'm curious, what are your thoughts on A/B testing different image styles within the same campaign to optimize for performance?
  16. @learning11-d3g: Austin are you also running DPA ads?
  17. @colinatx19: Great ideas. Thank you
  18. @inspsto: that's what I needed !
  19. @LuciaMills-k2y5p: great info thank you
  20. @upadhyayrohit420: fonts me hag dia bhai tu

- How I Scale Ecom Brands with VSLs & Direct Response Marketing [Full 2026 Course]: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Fernando Oliver and over the last four years I've scaled multiple ecom brands and had two exits. Now, in this video, I've put together my absolute best strategies for scaling an e-commerce using direct response marketing. Enjoy. So, when we're writing the intro to the VSSL, which is the hook and the lead, which go hand in hand, there's two main purposes. is the first is to get them hooked to capture their attention with unique, relevant or curiositydriven information. This can be promising um the root cause, the real root cause revealed, promising a solution or a benefit uh or just calling out the prospect based on personal characteristics or based on the problem. This is what gets them to watch through the hook, through the lead, and eventually through the VSSL. And the second purpose is that we want to create an emotional reaction. This gives them an attachment to the video. So it's not just interesting information, it's personally relevant, personally interesting information. And we make it personal through that emotional reaction. We want to create that again personal is the important word here. Personal emotional reaction in conjunction with directing their thoughts to the problem that we want to solve. So it's relevant and it's personal. And these two go hand in hand. Oftent times a hook will have both. It'll have some kind of a promise to the specific person we're talking to that's going to give them hope, give them interest, give them curiosity and relevant information. Now, to get someone hooked and engaged in our lead, we want to use open loops. So, this is where we're going to promise some kind of valuable or interesting information without fully giving the full idea, without providing a conclusion to our statement. So, this can be as something as simple as, you know, there's one key trick that we can use to stop uh gut problems, hair hair loss, any type of problem that we're trying to solve, there's one key thing, and it doesn't involve whatever alternative solution. but before I tell you that blah blah blah. And you don't have to be overt with the open end of the loop. You don't have to say before I tell you that I'll tell you in 5 seconds. You can just move on to the next idea. Once that loop is open, you've given them relevant information but not the full thing. So an effective way to do this is to promise a benefit using a trick or a method or one new thing, one new discovery, something enticing that can be almost bundled into one idea. This one idea, this one thing is going to help you get this or avoid this. And they want to find out what that is. So that that's what creates that watch time and it's building tension because they're subconsciously they want that information so they're going to keep on watching. Um and we want to give some details. You don't want to be vague about the open loop. Who is it invented by? It only takes 5 minutes or 2 minutes or 30 seconds before bed. It was created by this top doctor. Give specific information without revealing the actual core, the golden nugget. And this is what makes the loop open that the most valuable information is left till the end. And because it's missing again, they subconsciously will keep on watching to get that information. They're going to keep moving forward, forward, forward to try and get that. Now, the open loops often work best when stacked on top of one one another. Um, we promise a desired benefit. We promise some kind of information about the root cause of their problem. We promise the one thing that they're doing that's messing up their situation, etc. And then the key when when doing these open loops is first of all, make the promise personally relevant. So if you're going to promise information, make it something that's relevant and valuable to them that they would actually want to know. And two is that we give them something but not everything. So for example, you can say, "This doctor also shocked social media when she revealed we've been wrong about the root cause of back pain for 30 years, and it turns out it's not caused by bad posture." The real root cause is something that no doctor expected in the last 30 years. So we give them something. We give them what it's not, but we don't give them what it is. We don't give them the one thing that if they had it, they would stop watching the video because we want them to continue to consume the information to accept these beliefs to to take a new approach and open their mind to a new perspective and then we'll give them that information when we're explaining the problem mechanism. And then one way to write very good open leads is to first write the body of your VSSL and then you go through and you highlight the most relevant, the most valuable, the most shocking information and turn those into open loops that you can put throughout your lead. And again, you want to be closing these loops throughout the VSSL, but it doesn't have to be overt. you don't have to reference back to it. That's why writing the body first, you'll naturally close the loops because the open loop is taken from information that's already in the body, which is the closing of it. Now, hooks are highly effective because they're typically open loops in a much more concise form. So, most hooks are going to be a promise. This is how I stopped my knee pain after four years of suffering with this one crazy trick my chiropractor showed me. Um, hooks are often open loops promising something without revealing the mechanism of the promise, the solution mechanism. And now when I write my VSSLs, this is going to help you write better hooks and leads as well, is I write the close first, the most formulaic uh part of the VSSL is the easiest to do. Then the mechanism explanations and the metaphors to describe and visualize those mechanisms. And then I fill out the body structure of the VSSL. Once that is done, then I go and I write my leads. And finally, lastly, I do the hooks. Because you're taking information from the body to write your lead. It's as relevant as possible, as engaging as possible. And then you take from the lead to write the hook to make sure that all three are congruent. All three parts, the hook, the lead, and the body. The more congruence you have between the transition points, the higher your watch time is going to be, and the less people will drop off. And that brings me to this point. When you're writing your leads and hooks, know exactly where that lead connects to the VSSL body. Know exactly where the hook connects to the lead because those two sentences, the end of the lead and the start of the body, need to be congruent. They need to flow. They need to sound like it's just one piece of thought, you know, one one stream of consciousness. If it feels like there's an abrupt jarring change between the two, like the lead is is not congruent with the body. And I see this often when people are mass testing leads and the lead does not transition smoothly to the body, you're going to lose people because you're you lost the train of thought. So if your VSSL starts for example by highlighting what's not causing the problem directly the last sentence of the lead should focus on the mistaken problem mechanism the deception the confusion in the industry the way that doctors thought it was the problem was truly caused by when it's not. So you make the lead congruent to the VSSL and then you write the hooks last and by now you have the most important most interesting most uh biggest benefit information and you use these in your hooks as open loops. the more congruence and smoothness there is, as I mentioned, between the transition points, the higher your watch time will will be and the less confusion there is and the more your video and your message is consumed. Now, to get the most juice out of your hooks, one of my favorite ways to do this, and again, the important part of the hooks is because they're going to allow you to scale, yes, but more so what they're going to do is they're going to get more stability in your ad account because Facebook will have more creatives to choose from to match to the pocket of buyers that they think is most effective that day at that price point. And it's going to have more longevity. you can get a lot more time at a certain scale out of a winning VSSL when you have lots of new creatives and creative variations that come from the hook. So, one way to do this is once you have many winning hooks, there are two factors that you can change. You can mess with the copy or the visuals. So, I prefer to mess with the visuals because one strong copy, the the copy of the hook, the text that's read out loud and put on screen, you can make 10 different hooks out of that. So you find the the copy that works the best with a visual obviously because you're testing both at once and then you make similar visuals on that same copy and you test 10 20 different versions of it. And you can see this all the time with Gundry MD, Miami MD, Neuro, all the big direct response brands on Facebook. They're testing the same hook copy with tons of different visuals that are very similar. For example, if someone's selling a heater, a home heater, a portable heater, they'll show like some weird gadget from YouTube that someone made out of like a fireplace, uh, a flame, a candle, a bottle of water, and it looks like it's and and it's matching the hook like this secret 60-cond trick helps you heat your entire home in, you know, 10 minutes and cut your power bill. And they'll have that hook tested with, you know, 10 different visuals of these homemade do-it-yourself gadgets, which are very engaging. And then they'll just test different lines of hooks, different lines of copy with different visuals. So they'll have like four different lines of copy that they're testing. And each of them has 10 different hook visuals. So their ad library will be full of these hook tests. I don't recommend spray and prey testing, meaning putting random hooks, copy, random copy with random visuals and just setting it out there. I recommend sticking to what works and making iterations on that in the hook. And just some general best practices, use a lot of 3D animations, native looking iPhone videos, so not UGC with like great lighting and all this stuff. If you want to do a real direct response video that sucks them in and gets that belief and the suspension of disbelief, then you want to make it look homemade and viral. So lowquality videos, more gritty videos, stuff that you would see going viral maybe 5 years ago. Those are the most interesting videos. And then avoid using shots of people, scenes of people in your hooks, especially stock footage of people's faces. This is like the least engaging content you can have. So th show the 3D animations, show split screens of like someone with knee pain and then inside of the knee as a 3D animation and then show those homemade viral gritty looking clips. This is what's going to make the most effective hooks possible. So this was a summary of how I approach hooks and leads for my VSSLs. This is where I spend the most amount of time because once I've validated a VSSL and an offer, that first main VSSL is going to typically be the one that scales the highest for the longest. And now my job is to get the most profitability out of it and the most scale and the most longevity and stability. And that comes from lots of hook and lead testing, iterating on proven winning ideas, winning concepts, and just continuously doing that and having my team continuously create hooks and leads that are going to then go live, be tested, and then scaled up. Thank you for watching. Um, if you want to learn more about how I do VSSLs specifically for Facebook, for ecom brands, check out the link below for my private community. Otherwise, if you have any questions, put it in the comments or you can DM me on social media. Thanks for watching. Boom. Peace. All right, welcome. This is a video breakdown of one of Nuro's a big multi-million dollar brand, one of their most successful VSSL ads that they run on Facebook. So, I'll show a few seconds of the VSSL, the first 10 seconds, just so you get an idea of what it looks like. So this is their spokesperson. They use a combination of stock footage and and custom video content. Then product custom product content. So that is the DSL. That's what it looks like. It's 8 minutes long. We're going to break down the script also, which is the most important part. Um, I have also the big copy elements. We we'll go over that in a bit. And this is the product. It's this massager right here. So, this is one of their bestselling products of all time. It's for neuropathy, lympadeema, all kinds of stuff. So, that's generally it. Now, let's break down the script. So, it starts very, very effectively. This is one of my favorite ways to start the VSSL. If you're struggling with neuropathy, it means that your peripheral nerves are damaged and eroding. So it's highly engaging. It's calling out the problem immediately and it's an if then statement. So it means if you're struggling with this problem then which if you are struggling with the problem the next statement is immediately applicable to you. Your peripheral nerves are damaged. That's the new root cause. So it's immediately intriguing some new information about the problem you're you're struggling with. Why is this a problem? So this is the problem and what's causing it. Now why is it a problem? It leads to these symptoms that cause pain physical pain and then it affects your everyday life. So this is oftentimes how they do their problems and their benefits is that what's the like literal problem it's burning, tingling, numbness. How does that affect your life? So you combine both when you state the problem also explain how it affects their life. And then if you want to take it one step further, it's the emotions that c that come from that effect on your day-to-day life. So everyday activities like walking, standing, etc. become uncomfortable. That means you feel like a prisoner in your own body. You feel like life is passing you by and you just feel trapped. So that would be the emotional side of it. The third level of dimensionalizing it. Then we connect it right to the viewer. If it sounds like you, you're not alone. So we immediately connect to them and we take away the sting of that by saying you're not alone. So we don't want to just point the finger at them and say you're suffering because that's not a pleasant feeling. So we say millions of others suffer from the same condition. So you're part of a group. Now a reason to act. So we've agitated, we've connected to them. Now we need to give them a reason to act which builds some tension, some urgency and gets them to keep watching. The unavoidable problem is that it continues to get worse. it gets more painful, more uncomfortable. You have to treat it. You have to. And then the worst case scenario is losing independence, wheelchair, crutches, or even amputation. So, it's building a lot of tension and fear and that makes them want to continue watching and get the information. How do I act? How do I resolve this tension? Now, we create an open loop. Again, this whole lead is just very engaging, opening lots of loops and connecting at a personal level to the viewer. It's very effective copy. So, we make a big promise. The good news is it's totally reversible. And then we open another loop with some surprising information. You might be surprised that what's causing those burning pains is a hidden problem that no one in the industry wants to talk about. So we build more tension, more intrigue. You know, why don't they want to talk about it? What's this hidden problem that's causing my pain? If you're watching this, you're experiencing something called neuropathic nerve erosion. Again, connecting it to the viewer and immediately giving them the problem. And we give it to them on our terms. So we kind of own the problem and we own the information around it. This means the nerves are slowly deteriorating leading to burning, pain, tingling and numbness. We summarize the problem and again the worst part the condition gets worse and we make it specific. This makes the problem a lot more real is a brutal condition. It it hits those over 60 diabetics, high blood pressure or previous nerve damage and that's in a way an indirect proof element. When you use specific information that's a proof element. It makes it more believable, more trustworthy. Now we agitated the physical problem and the downstream effects. This is what I was talking about. Eats away at your nerves, leaving you feeling with like your feet are on fire, sharp stabbing pain. But it's not just physical discomfort. It also takes away your freedom, your independence, and your ability to do the things you love. And now we're at rock bottom. We're building up these negative emotions. Your life can turn into a nightmare, traps you in your own body, you can't enjoy your best years. That's the bad news. So now we're at like the bottom of the wave. Now we're going to start going up. And this is also very engaging to make this wave of tension where everything looks really bad and then suddenly we provide some hope reversal. Hope is here. The good news is that there's hope. Tired of inferior solutions, an expert, a doctor has just developed the first and only massager that addresses the root cause. So immediately after all that rock bottom, boom, here's the solution. Here's the hope. It's the NeuroNees foot massager. You see unlike other products that only provide temporary relief, it uses breakthrough uh the solution mechanism neuromuscular electrical stimulation and this is so the product is introduced immediately we state how it's different because anytime you introduce a product their mind is always going to go to I've tried other products before why is this different why is this going to work if other things don't um we immediately tell them what's different about it then we say how it works it sends a combination of impulses and how this helps you what do you get from this from this feature that it means that within a few days the nerves in your feet can repair and heal, eliminating pain, tingling, numbness, uh get back to the things you love without the constant worry, the constant fear. So that's how it helps you. We put it onto them just like we put the problem onto them to make it real, to make it relevant, we put the solution onto them to paint this dream outcome. And then we have the big promise. It can reverse the pain and give you back the best years of your life. It also, so this is like the opposite of agitation. We're extending the problem. We're st saying it in more and more ways, making it more real to them, more desirable. Within one or two weeks of use, you'll feel more energetic and the pain will be gone. Then how to use it makes it even more relevant. And the more you can get them to visualize it while you describe how to use it, what it feels like, the more they'll want to buy it. The best part, it's so simple to use. It's as easy as one, two, three. No annoying chords. Especially when you have an older audience, you want to be very clear about how simple it is, how easy it is, how convenient it is. that takes away that a big objection which is how do I do I have to figure this out and that's regardless of audience but preferably if you're talking to an older audience and if it's some kind of electronic product you want to be very clear on how easy it is to use um and then we visualize what it's like to use it sit back comfortably it does its job experience the blissful massage and the pain relief we we give them these emotions these sensations through our words we paint a picture that they can feel in their body the more you can get them to do that the more likely who they are to buy. Now, don't go too much into this because if you do too much of this visualization, then they become aware of it and it loses its effect because neuropathy is best when it's gone. So, it's just kind of painting the picture of the dream outcome. We continue with that. Imagine finally gaining control of your life. This very positive, very emotional dream outcome. That feeling is priceless. But don't take my word for it. Here's what others say. Now, we have a two testimonials. At first, I was skeptical. So, immediately skeptical. It doesn't sound like a paid promotion. It was an impulse buy and I didn't believe it very much. After shipping delays, I tried it and I didn't notice a huge difference. So, it's a very soft, indirect testimonial intro. It's skeptical. It's relating to the viewer. It's believable. It's relatable. I decided to keep using it for another week. That's when I noticed a real difference. After just two weeks, my symptoms had significantly improved. I couldn't believe it. It was a miracle. If you're suffering from neuropathy like I was, it turns the testimonial out to the viewer. I highly recommend you give it a try. And this is testimonial number two right here. It's been a game changer. Um I was constantly searching for a solution, a relatable situation for people who suffer from this. That's when I saw an ad. I decided to give it a try and I felt significant improvement. So it's less addressing skepticism here because this was the purpose of the first testimonial is to really hit them with the skepticism. I didn't believe in it. There were shipping delays, but it all ends well because I got the solution. I got the dream outcome. And now we're moving on into the close. Don't let the neurop Don't let neuropathy symptoms control your life. Try the massager today and experience the difference for yourself. So, a summary statement to open up the close and immediately a risk reversal after that promise. His patients have seen impressive results and he's so confident. So, there's a reason behind the guarantee. The patients have seen confident. That's why he's giving you a 90-day results or refund guarantee. A very strong and very compelling way to phrase your guarantee, your risk reversal. Don't let the neuropathy symptoms control your life any longer. Click below to try the neuro whole foot massager at a great discount. If you don't get the results you like, they'll refund you. So, it explains the discount. So, we have three sentences here for the discount for the guarantee because it's a very important part of this close. Now, we give them a benefit, a reason to act. Click the button, you'll be taken to a special page where you can buy three foot massagers and save a whopping $120 off. Larger packages save us a ton on shipping and we can pass those savings on to you. It's giving you a benefit, a reason to act, and an AOV push, which is huge. We're telling them to buy three, and then we're telling them to buy six. So, what are the odds that they're going to buy two? Much higher than if we hadn't say that. What are the odds they're going to buy three? A lot higher. So, the conversion rate on those bigger bundles is going to be higher, and their average order value is going to be very high, which is crucial when you're doing direct response e-commerce funnels. This is a great way to stock up at the lowest prices. Click the shop now button below. What happens if you don't act now? Now we have the crossroads closing. So we've given them all the benefits, the AOV push, the risk reversal. Now we need to really agitate and build this tension to get them to actually take action because they could believe it, they could want it, but if they don't have that emotional impulse to take action, they won't do so. So I want to take a moment to talk about what happens if you don't act now. So the crossroads close essentially means there's two paths that diverge here. If you don't act, this will happen. So let's go over that part. Without treatment, you may lose your independence and mobility. The neuropathic nerve erosion can become irreversible. And now the other path, but imagine uh the feeling of relief you've been craving for years. Imagine being able to do your favorite activities. Imagine standing up straight and confident, living your life happy, fulfilled, and your friends keep asking you, "What did you do? What changed?" That feeling is priceless. So a very powerful secondary crossroad, which is the dream outcome, right? So if you do nothing, you're going to suffer. If you take action now and buy this product, you're going to thrive. And now we do a final push of positive emotions. Brace yourself for the new life that's ahead of you. Don't let this pain control your life any longer. Click below and the CTA. So, a very powerful close that boosts the AOV and has a lot of impetus for taking action and probably has a really high click-through rate and high conversion rate. So, that's this VSSL. This is their longest running VSSL. They're still running it, I believe, as a retargeting ad as of today. What is it? January 17th. um a very effective VSSL, one of their one of their best that I've seen. And just to review the copy elements that make this work, the big problem is neuropathy damage. The problem mechanism is neuropathic nerve erosion. They don't go too in depth into that. They just explain it very simply. Uh what it is, how it happens when your nerves deteriorate and what causes aging, diabetes, high blood pressure. solution mechanism is the product the feature of the product where it sends these impulses into your feet that solves the neuropathic nerve erosion. The big promise is that using this product can reverse the problem mechanism and give you the dream outcome, give you independence and painfree movement. And the proof is that essentially it's the spokesperson who's the doctor, Dr. Jeremy Campbell, and the testimonials and the risk reversal. So that's really it. That's this VSSL. Um, they were sending this to a advertorial page for a long time and from advertorial to product page to the onepage checkout where they had multiple different units and I think the two unit was pre-selected. So, I hope you enjoyed. You can definitely use this VSSL and this structure and this outline that I have in bold to write your own for any kind of physical product or more, but it works best for physical products. And if you have any questions, you can leave them in the comments or you can DM me on Instagram or Twitter X. Um, and I also have a private community, a school community. The link is in the description below where I do a lot of these VSSL breakdowns. I have a ton of resources and information on how I use direct response to build my e-commerce businesses. So, if you're at a point where that's interesting to you and you can apply to your business, check that out in the description. Thank you. Have a great day. Boom. Peace. This is an advertorial ran by the brand New Brew, a very successful multi-million dollar brand doing direct response ads on Facebook, usually image ads and some short videos. and they send traffic to these very well done advertorials. I'm going to break this down and go through it, but it's generally targeted towards older people. They sell a neutropic kind of memory uh focus powder, drink powder, and they target it towards older people for memory loss, uh brain fog, all that kind of stuff. So, they're and they're very very good at targeting in their advertorial. So, let's break this one down. First of all, the above the fold, the most important part. We have a unique story than a promise and just kind of an exaggeration of it. So how a retired engineer's unexpected discovery, that's what makes this unique. That's what adds another level of sophistication to this copy is how it came about is helping thousands retrieve forgotten memories. That's the benefit. That's the big promise. Memory boosting. They've been desperately missing in 2024. uh in 2024. It's always good to add specificity with the date with the year. So, and now it's in 2025 and they've been desperately missing just agitates the problem that's being solved. And then immediately after a big claim or promise headline, I like to do the same thing. Address the skepticism in the subhead. So, here they do it from a first-person perspective. I know this sounds unbelievable. Addressing that skepticism right away, but at 67, I'm breezing through crosswords and outthinking folks half my age. So, it's addressing the skepticism and then reconfirming the message. And then the hero image is just this very intriguing picture of the brain, like a before and after of the brain activity, and it's a news style. So, I'm not going to go through line by line, but I want to go through the main sections and how it's structured so that you can copy this for yourself. Um, most people don't know this, but as we age, our brains actually shrink. They begin to lose cells, which makes it harder to build connections in everyday life. Again, this is like the second after the above the fold, the headline, the subhead, and the image, this part of your advertorial is super, super important. This is what dictates if they're going to read or not. If you can get them to read this first sentence, the odds of them continuing to read are very, very high. And if they don't read this, if they pass over this and it's not interesting enough, you don't hook them, they're not going to read the rest. So, the way they're doing it here, and they do this in other advertorials, and I like to do this as well, is with a fun fact that's applicable to the problem. And ideally, you can tease the problem mechanism there. So most people don't know this, but as we age, our brains actually shrink. So some kind of fun fact that they didn't know, something interesting and unique that's directly applicable to the problem and then they make it real for them, which means you give examples that occur in people's everyday life connected to this problem. You may have experienced these issues. I can't find my keys. What's your name? etc. We agitate that. It can be extremely embarrassing, frustrated, and shake our confidence. We reaffirm the emotions that this creates, that the problem creates, and then we do the transition point. Thankfully, there's a new way to slam the brakes on brain shrinkage. So, immediately here, this is like your entire lead and it's very, very effective. Again, a new interesting fact related to the problem, how that shows up in your everyday life, what that means for you emotionally, and the good news, the transition point to the solution. This brand new smart powder can effectively reverse the effects of brain aging. So immediately the solution is introduced and with a big benefit it effectively reverse the effects of brain aging. If I've been feeling like my brain okay so now it goes to the first person perspective of someone who was suffering from this problem and then used the product. I've been feeling like my brain's been slowing down for a few years now. I feel like a fading photograph. Very powerful metaphor here to describe the emotional state that the problem causes. My memories blurring, slipping through my fingers, and it's caused a few embarrassing senior moments. Forgetting my keys, son's grand grandson's birthday. I needed to try something. I tried strong prescriptions. Nothing was good for me. So, this is like the nightmare situation. The problem very clearly outlined in a in an emotional way and then in a real way with real examples, forgetting the keys, forgetting the son's grandson's birthday. Tried everything. I knew I needed to try something. I tried strong prescriptions and then I came across the product. So, it's very quickly introducing the product. Um, this is one way to do it or you can just do a lot more buildup. But in this case, it works very well for them to bring in the product right away. They don't go too deep into the mechanisms. This is mostly selling you based on the benefits. Um, the social proof, a lot of social proof, a lot of testimonials, a lot of reviews. So, it's a little bit different from very mechanisticformational copy, which also works well. But this is the angle they take. This is what resonates with their market the most. and they introduced the product. It's an odd smart powder that contains ancient Chinese ingredients and has a ton of five-star reviews an objection handling. I hate taking tablets and this dissolves in water and I'm so glad I did. The dream outcome comes. This is all again very very concise. My memory feels as clear as when I was 25 and my energy levels feel better than ever. So, just to point out the general structure of this, it's very very concise. The lead and the problem agitation that sucks you in is very concise. the problem, the product explanation and promise is very concise and then very quickly and then there's just some uh objection handling here. It's not doesn't have a crash, doesn't have side effects, it's natural ingredients. So simple objection handling and then immediately the rest of it is going to go into the social proof. As I said, this is what resonates very well with this market. So a lot of their copy is based on social proof. So thousands of customers are already using it. They have some reviews. Oh, just one, I guess. And again, social proof. The guy had a news uh spot. And more information about the product, right? And then yeah, it's approved by doctor. So, we have the authority testimonial authority endorsement and it's approved by used approved and used by doctors, neuroscientists, entrepreneurs, and senior citizens. And that's essentially their avatar. Senior citizens, some entrepreneurs, and some healthconscious people, mostly senior citizens. As you can see, the whole thing is written to senior citizens in lots of little ways they call them out at 76 years old. Uh talking about as we age, so the problem applies to people as they're aging. So obviously wouldn't apply to a younger person. Um and then senior moments. So it's it's using these little words to indicate who the avatar is and to speak directly to their target audience. more features and then their uh money back guarantee, 90-day money back guarantee. And then they do like an editorial review kind of. So, it's from the perspective of someone on the the team of the advertorial as if it's a news article who tries out the product over a six week period and then they future pace the benefits that he gets. So, it starts off pretty soft. I was skeptical um but I was feeling run down. So, he has some issue. He was feeling run down. He saw a lot of positive reviews and gave it a try and he feels some effect right away. So, this is very effective when you're promising a benefit. There's an immediate benefit what you're going to feel right away and then the long-term benefit that the outcome you're going to get holistically at your whole body, whatever the situation is, whatever the product is you're selling, what's the long-term outcome and what's the immediate experience of having taken or used the product? And it's just very specific about the benefits. The mental fog vanished. I uh reached levels of alertness I hadn't experienced in years. It was like walking around on a winter day after it just snowed. It became so much easier for me to ignore distractions and outside noise. So yeah, very simple, concise, but powerful explanation of the benefits with a great metaphor at the end. And then it continues, week two, I tried other things blending in other direct response coffee. I've tried other supplements that didn't really work for me. Now I'm more focused. I can put in solid 10-hour work days and it's improving all of my uh mental capacity. And then we go to week five. He's still getting the benefits and it just gets bigger and bigger the more time goes on. And then these like native looking uh images throughout. You can do these yourself and they are very organic looking. I'm starting to wonder what's in this stuff. And now he has the dream outcome. My mind is crystal clear. I can recall perfect memories. perfectly. It's like a the Limitless pill is what they're selling. And then in conclusion, we wrap it all up. And it's just a lot of benefits. There's not a lot of fear in this advertorial. Not a lot of negatives. It's mostly benefit focused, social proof focused um new and exciting breakthrough. That's the whole premise of the above the fold, the new discovery. It's a news hero image. So, it's a very kind of novelty, curiositydriven above the fold. There is some agitation and problem and fear in the lead but it's mostly in anformational way. Your bra did you know that your brain gets you know is shrinking and just a lot of benefits a lot of promises and a lot of social proof throughout the rest of it and they have a lot of CTAs as you go further down more uh testimonials lots of testimonials restating the guarantee and there's this little urgency thing there's one supplier left and that's it. And then from this advertorial page, they take you to their product page where they're selling the the powder. And from there, they have a multiple selections. Of course, they have the six months, 3 months, and one month. So, $50 for one unit price. Um, they and then yeah, 90 and then 120. And I'm assuming they have some kind of an order bump. Check out loading screen. This is worth testing. It can be very effective. Then they have Okay, they have the onepage checkout so you can reselect your quantities. Uh paid shipping. Yeah, very simple checkout. So very simple funnel, very effective copy, very well suited to their target market. They've done a lot of research, a lot of testing. They've been around for years and they've done millions in sales. So, this is a great advertorial to take um if you're doing any kind of consumable to an older demographic that's not as aware because as you notice they have not gone deep into the problem mechanism. They didn't really even give one just brain shrinkage and they didn't really give you a solution mechanism. It's just that it has these ingredients that is going to give you this dream outcome and they're kind of vague about what the ingredients are. So, it's a very simple story-based emotional advtorial that can very easily be swiped for almost any product and tested. All right, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, let me know. DM me on social media if you want to uh ask about this brand or anything like that. And have a good one. Peace. Very like this one is social proof based. A lot of native ads, especially for the 60 plus demographic, will be social proof based. And this one is kind of weird, intriguing, direct response based. So we have the problem on one side, the solution on the other. This is typically how they structure their hero images. And then creating some intrigue with this red circle. Usually they'll add a red arrow and you can't fully see what the product is or understand it. So I'll just go over the lead of both of these products and then I'll scan through the the structure that they're using for their advertorial and what angle they're really going for here. So for years I suff suffered with terrible knee pain. So immediately it starts it's a firsterson perspective. It's not from the perspective of the brand. They're taking on the perspective of a eventually a consumer. So it eventually becomes a testimonial, but it's it's just kind of a hero's journey of someone who had the problem, who suffered, who tried everything, and then they're recommended the product. That's the main angle of this advertorial here. And this is very effective on Facebook, especially for these health products, is the angle of someone who had the problem. So you identify with the customer, you agitate the problem. So in this case, the agitation is that they've gained weight. They're not being able to exercise properly. You agitate it with a real life example. For back pain, it could be that you lost your job or you can't spend time with your spouse or your kids, something emotional. If you're going for this angle, again, it's it's pretty aggressive to go for this like emotional agitation. And then they tried everything. So this is the next step, right? So the problem you identify with the with the prospect, you agitated again identifies with them and then they try other solutions. So you don't want to do too much agitation because then you'll lose them. So you want to continue the story. So first after the agitation and you build that tension then they try a new solutions but nothing works. They're inconvenient they're expensive etc. And then the social proof you know trusted source recommendation comes in. My friends spent thousands of dollars and they found this new solution. Uh this is I mean they've used this multiple times. Aussie home has used this multiple times. You have this like Facebook image where a friend is reaching out and they found some new solution, some new miracle product that fixes the problem and then the person is skeptical. They try them out. Okay. Yeah. So, so they kind of pause the story for a second now and then they're going to go into the mechanism. Um, this is the root cause of the problem. The patella prime stops knee pain because it treats the root cause of the problem. So this is a very effective structure to use for your product mechanism introduction. It starts like this. For years, I thought the root cause was X. So in this case, I thought it was just getting older, but and then they also back it up. That's why you see all sorts of arthritis supplements being sold claiming to cure knee pain. But to my surprise, they say the real root cause of knee pain is a knee joint that's not in proper alignment. So there's a pro problem mechanism. They don't give it a specific name. They just explain it as a concept. And then they dive a little bit deeper. What does this do? It puts additional strain on the delicate tissues in the knee. And the result is inflammation and unnecessary wear and tear. So realigning the knee joint reduces the strain. So I thought it was this. It turns out this is the actual root cause. This is what that means and what it does in your body. And this is what happens when you solve it. So realigning the knee reduces the strain on the soft tissue and allows inflammation to go down. So this is kind of the full circle of the problem mechanism and it's kind of making a promise in the frame of what happens when you solve the problem mechanism. The wear and tear will slow down rapidly and allow your body to catch up and heal. What makes the patellar prime so effective in aligning the knee joint to stop knee? And then it's just explaining the functioning of the product, the solution mechanism. It supports the three most important areas of the knee and then it goes into the close. So in this case, yeah, so this is where it wraps up the story. I couldn't believe how quickly the pain went down in my knees. So I asked my physical therapist to explain what makes the Bella Prime so effective. So what's what one thing that's effective about this advertorial is that they're bringing in people, right? They bring in the friend to recommend the product. that eases skept skepticism rather than if the the first person you know speaker found the product themselves. So the friend gives the product and then the physical therapist explains the solution and then it goes into the close. So why are they selling out so fast? They don't really explain why they're selling out so fast, but it's a effective headline and then it goes into just benefits and promises. It's the perfect solution for knee pain if you have XYZ. So, it qualifies everyone with knee issues. It restates the solution mechanism and then a testimonial, a summary of all the features, a real a restatement of the entire premise. So, social proof, people are experiencing it thanks to the product. And then these are the benefits you're going to get. And notice that now the CTAs are available. Before there's no sticky button. There's just a few hyperl. So there's one here and one here and then it goes into the CTA. So they they don't let you click through until you've read into the article, which I do recommend everyone does. And that's something to test. Sometimes you can have the sticky button come right away and sometimes you let you force them to read more into it. And then why are they so discounted? And then it's a basic close. So this is a very simple close, but this can easily be replicated. It is pretty aggressive um in terms of the copy and the angle that they're taking here. And it is problem focused. So if you go through this whole lead and all the other subheads, it's focused mostly on the problem until about halfway through and then it switches to the solution, which is very different from this advertorial. That's at a much higher scale by the way, going after a different audience on a different platform. So for the ortho shoes, they're going after the promise angle. So it's a lower level of market sophistication, right? They're going after the the the promise of getting rid of your foot pain with these miracle shoes. And then it's a very simple, straightforward, to the point lead. Um, do you struggle with foot pain? Are the activities you like to you like doing feel impossible to do now? So you might notice this is a much more uh like kind of toned down copy, less sophisticated, less aware market. And that's the thing with native is that there's less targeting. So you have to go for the lowest common denominator to have the highest scale possible in most of these cases. If you go too targeted, like hyperargeted copy, it's going to be very hard to find those profitable placements on native at a high scale. So in this case, they're going for a pretty broad approach. and they just have a very effective advertorial structure that captures a lot of traffic from their from their So it's a similar structure. Do you struggle with pain? They agitated. Are the activities you used to like doing feeling more impossible? It's it is also a first-p person perspective. I've experienced pain and this is targeted towards women as you can see from the three women here in their rest of their testimonials. women and then it's identifying my husband is seeing my frustration and trying his best to be positive. So they're going after women 60 plus on native and taking this pretty straightforward approach is an issue that can't be ignored. So building some urgency and if you ignore it the effects will only get worse over time specific information. This is kind of like the giddy up style advertorial. Very informational, not as emotional, although they do get pretty emotional in this lead. Your body will collapse if the foundation is in pain or it breaks. Does this scare you? And then immediately, so that's the peak of their tension that they're building through the agitation and then they switch. You're able to permanently end your foot pain and enjoy 100% natural relief because of this new invention called comfort wear. So this is mostly a text focused advertorial and they're comparing it to alternative solutions emotional selling without foot pain. Wouldn't you be able to appreciate all of life's beautiful moments so much more? So, they introduce the problem very quick uh the product very quickly. Um whereas healthy lab code takes a little bit more time and then they're much more straightforward with the promises, the features, etc. they're a lot less emotional in my perspective, in my opinion. features. Uh it qualifies all of these people. Everyone who has foot issues can benefit from this. And then the mechanism is very simple. It's not as mechanistic in the copy. It straightens and realines every step. And and it does that with innovative insoles to provide cushioning and arch support. So, it doesn't go super in-depth into the the reason why compared to if you look at an advertorial like Nuro or some of the Aussie Home um or yeah, some of other Paul's other brands, they're more mechanistic, moreformational. In this case, it's a lot more straightforward. The selling message is much more straightforward. And again, it's because they're going after a much broader Yeah, it's very simple copy, very straightforward. Will help strengthen your feet, gently realign your feet's muscles, bones, and ligaments, and they do all the work for you. It's not a temporary remedy. They're intended to permanently eliminate foot pain. It's a pretty bold claim, and based on positive testimonials, they obviously work. And then it's social proof. Um, what kind of people are using it? Nurses, construction workers, more testimonials, and there's the close. So, they go into the return policy, less than a 2% return rate. It's pretty much their guarantee right there. And then where can you buy them? The only place you can buy, and this is important, both of these advertorials, let me find it. Where do I get authentic Patella Pro? So, this is when you you want to capture everyone that otherwise would click and shop around in other places. Oftentimes, the simplest way to do that is that you you just say it straight up. The only place to get the real product is from our official website. And they do the same thing here. The only place you can buy real comfort shoes is their website. And then they do step one, two, three. This is very, if you're going after 60 plus, I always recommend doing this. walk them through your funnel, through the buying process. That just eases a lot of skepticism. The more clearly they can see the buying process, the simpler it is for them, the more likely they are to buy. Especially with these complex funnels, sometimes it can turn off some of these 60 plus uh demographic. And explaining the buying process to them is very effective. In Gundry, MDs, VSSLs, they always do a like a screen share edit where they're showing the buying process. You're going to the checkout, putting in your information, all this stuff. And that is is is pretty effective. And then a very basic product page. And this is the typical DFO style product page with the checkout, the bundles. Buy one get one free is the offer that they're doing. And then two order bumps. Okay. Okay, so they have an upsell in the cart and yeah, very basic and then automatic package protection and another upsell in the checkout. Guess I can't remove that. All right. Well, those are that's a summary of these two funnels, these two advertorials. I'm going to share them inside of school so you can uh take a look at them. But yeah, it's different. It's different approaches, right? On native, you'll always see, no, not always. Most of the time, you'll see people taking a more general and broad approach in their copy and in their marketing. And on Facebook, it's a lot more specific. And that comes down to the way those two platforms do their targeting. On Facebook, the targeting is extremely specific. You can target individual people, whereas on native, those of you who have advertised on native know that the targeting, you're not targeting people, you're targeting placements. So, which websites will my ad go on? So, you have to be more broad. You can't be as as specific happens first and we're going to take a VSSL, a video sales letter as our example here. So, first is the hook. Any ad has a hook. That's the first few seconds of it. And this is where we capture their attention and we frame the message. Okay? And we frame the message by giving it a theme or a premise and that's going to be the problem. So, every type of hook should talk about in some way should allude to or directly state the problem. If you're selling some kind of a knee pain product, a back pain product, whatever, that problem should be there in the hook. So people with back pain, etc., it should it should call out that problem. And this is how the problem enters the surface level awareness. So it becomes real and if you do a good enough job, you'll capture their attention and keep watching. Then we get to the lead. So we take that attention and now we're going to convert it into engagement. We want them to be engaged with the video. And that means they care about what we're saying. They have an outcome that they want. So they want to watch the video to get an answer to a certain question, how to solve the problem. And the lead, the negative emotions that are associated with realizing their problem, this is going to create a need for a solution. All right? So we're taking that attention, that spike of attention in the hook, and we're going to add um we're going to dimensionalize it. We're going to make it real for them. So what does this actually mean? What does this problem mean? How does this show up in the day-to-day life? This creates those negative emotions, that tension and stress that naturally the mind will want to resolve. So it creates an open loop that you want to resolve by having a solution to that problem. So some keys here is that you want to make it real and vivid and simple. You want to make it very simple. So you know back pain, what does that actually mean? What is it preventing you from doing in your life? What are the common uh solutions that are prescribed for it? What are the doctors saying? What is the internet saying? Because it's not working for people, right? Otherwise they wouldn't still have the problem. So they want you to validate that fact that it's not whatever they're trying whatever they're told is not working and there's something else that they need to try something new. And what this is this is going to do is create a curiosity and a desire for a solution because the mind does not like to just have a problem that it's dealing with and not have a solution. That creates an open loop and subconsciously it needs a solution. It's going to be searching for it. So if you can take that natural desire for a solution and use it to funnel them deeper into the VSSL, it's going to work very well. So now we have the problem mechanism. So we captured their attention, we turned it into a real interest in solving the problem. Now we're how how are we going to do that? We want to explain to them how the problem works. So the problem mechanism, the purpose of it and the problem mechanism is the real root cause. It's the mechanism behind the problem. So why do you have back pain? It's because your spinal discs are compressed. Why do you have knee pain? It's because your cartilage is wearing out. It's the root cause of the problem. And this breaks their skepticism and it suspends disbelief. And the way that it does that is because they've never heard it before. So when we get that new information, it creates a new possibility because this is kind of what goes on in the mind, the subconscious mind. I couldn't solve my problem because I was taking the wrong approach. I was trying to solve the wrong root cause, right? The whatever the mainstream advice was, and it didn't work. Now I've discovered a new root cause. I have a new chance to solve it because now I can solve this new problem, this new root cause of the problem. Maybe I can solve my problem itself in general. And this is how we suspend that disbelief and we take them down the educational path that we want to go down where we provide our information. We're in our frame uh because they left their information at the side. Another important part of that before we introduce the problem mechanism is we want to say here are the other solutions, right? for back pain. It's the chiropractic, the physical therapy, whatever it is. It it didn't work. It doesn't work for the people or otherwise they wouldn't be watching the video. They wouldn't have the problem. So, it didn't work for them. And now they're going to be like, "Well, if that didn't work for me, there must be something else that can." So, that's why they're suspending their disbelief. They're in new territory. Now, we introduce the solution mechanism. This is their out. This is their um for the skeptical part of their mind is the out which means that they can suspend their disbelief of a solution because one it's a new root cause of the problem and it's a new way to address that root cause that they've never heard of. So because the problem mechanism is new there's no context to create doubt. They can't say oh because of this because I've heard this about this problem mechanism. No they've never heard about the problem mechanism before in general. So whatever solution you present is going to be accepted. Um, an example of that is when gut health was becoming a big thing in the early 2000s, nobody had heard of the bad m gut microbiome, right? The mass market had not heard of that. So, when the probiotics were presented as a solution, there's no alternative that they say, oh, but this people say this or this product says this. It's the only thing because this is a new root cause of the problem. Your your digestive problems are because of your bacteria in your gut. So, the solution mechanism is also new. And now we build the desire. So this is the final step where we're going to convert all of this new beliefs, new state of mind into an actual desire to buy the product. Uh we do this through benefits and promises on a tactical level. Benefits are what you get the good things you get when you use the product. So for example, for a back pain thing, the benefits are that it works fast. It it reduces pain in the short term. It lets you move more and do more things. It eliminates the pain in the long term. It solves the root cause of the problem. And the promises are kind of a chain of events. So you have your problem, you use the product. The promise is that over time, whatever the time frame is, a month, two months, your problem is going to be listened or gone, and you're going to be able to live life more fully. You're going to live without pain. So less bad, more good. That's the promise. And it's like an if then statement. If you use this product, then you'll get this promise. Take that new belief, right? The new belief is the root cause of the problem, the new solution to that root cause. We take the desire for a solution that comes from agitating the problem and we channel it all onto our product. We help them visualize the dream outcome. So this is part of the promise. We give them lots of benefits of how the product works, why it's good, and we want them to see how easy, affordable, effective, proven the solution is. And then we take all of that, we give them a clear call to action. If you want all of this, click here, buy the product now. And of course, you use scarcity and urgency, whatever you can apply in your business to get them to take action at a higher rate and tell them exactly what to do. Be very clear with your CTA. So, this is generally how the flow works on a subconscious on a psychology level. Um, and this will make this will help you know all the VSSL breakdowns that I do, the more tactical copywriting things that I share make more sense because you understand what is happening psychologically. This is the basis of everything. This is the root that we build off of. And this is why once you understand this, you can write VSSLs, advertorials, UGC ads, webinars, long form sales letters, because it's all following this path. And then just to wrap it up, the ultimate goal of direct response marketing is to get an immediate response, specifically a sale just using our ad and our funnel. So we want the response now. We want to spend money to acquire the customer and we want them to buy. So we want to spend money to show them the ad and we want them to buy. And we do this by taking them through those states of mind that I shared. you know, problem, agitation, suspense of disbelief, hope for a solution, desire, and then action. And then we also educate them and provide new information. So, it's not just emotional. We're explaining, you know, why did the old solutions not work? What is the real root cause? Why does this solve the real root cause? How was the product created? How does the product work? How will it benefit you? How can you get it? Give them everything. And then we create a new state of mind plus new information. And that creates a new action which in this case is a sale of the product. And we build desire while also building belief. Those are two separate things that I mentioned. The desire is the emotional side. The belief is the logical orformational side. Okay? And that's pretty much it. The most important thing that I've learned over the last four years of running e-commerce businesses, doing over at this point, I think $13 million in revenue from our own brands, is that you need to be aware of where are your main areas to expand your business, to make more profit, to retain more profit, to reduce liabilities, and where are your biggest bottlenecks, what are the patterns that keep coming up. I'm going to cover the biggest three of these today. And this is what shapes my team's long-term strategy and also informs short-term and medium term because if you know where you're going, you know what targets to set in the short and the medium term. Okay. So, the three main pillars that we take into account on every strategy meeting every week and what we're planning our targets around are profitability, infrastructure, and then our operating costs and losses. Of course, there's a lot more that goes into everything, but these are the main three we found that when we have issues in the business or when we have a lot of growth in the business, it's because we are taking these very seriously and diving into them and taking and taking our time, taking care of them, putting a lot of effort into them. You have also things like team financial management, but what I'm not going to get into that. The point of this video is the main pillars where you're going to find bottlenecks and room to expand. So, first is profitability. This is what comes to mind for everyone in this business, especially people starting out. But this is only one factor. And here's what makes up profitability. It's your ads. Of course, your ads and your funnels. But when it comes to your actual inputs and where you could have bottlenecks, where you could have problems that are holding you back from getting the most out of your ads and your funnels is one is your creative production. So, one of the biggest bottlenecks I've seen for a lot of brands is they're producing too few creatives. They're not making enough ads. They're not testing enough offers. And the way around this is is pretty simple. So what we do is we set targets for each offer. How many creatives do we want to test? So that the video editors know, the copywriters know, the marketing managers know, and my business partner and I know, are we on target? Are we offtarget? If we're on target, we should be producing a lot of ads, and we should be getting a decent win rate and being able to scale the business, which is fantastic. If we're below target, that's probably why growth is being limited. And that's what we've seen time and again. Two is in order to do this you need a simple and efficient and clear system for managing that creative output. So whether you do it in Google Sheets or Open Table or where whatever software you're using to manage your projects, it needs to be clear and efficient and everyone needs to know where their place is in that system. So the video editors need to know where do they come in and when do they come in on a project. The copywriters need to know when to pass things on. Uh the project manager needs to know how to manage the whole process and stay in communication with everyone. And my business partner and I need to be able to see how the stuff is moving across the board, how creatives are going from idea to testing. And then we also on our profitability side, we have the back end which is retargeting, emails, SMS, making money after the sale or after the first uh you know you you spent the money on Facebook. Now how can we get more money out of that? How can we recover the declined transactions? How can we get more money out of customers? How can we get people who didn't buy to buy? So these are the areas to look at and this is where you want to build systems where you want to put your focus because it's very easy to get your focus distracted in this industry in any kind of online business digital marketing there's so many factors and only a few of them that actually drive results. So when it comes to ads and the back end here it is the main the main things to look at. A couple more things I'll say when it comes to profitability are um one of them I I'm going to cover in the next slide related to payment processing and approval rates. two is, you know, you're not just testing ads. Of course, I should have put just testing in general, but you're testing new advertorials, whatever type of funnel you're running, new landing pages, new checkouts, new upsells, um, you're testing new offers, new products, new marketing channels. So, this instead of saying ads, it should say just testing in general, but testing with a purpose. And that purpose is to acquire customers at a, you know, at a high enough profit where you can that can drop to the bottom line. Because keep in mind when you're doing 25 or 30% after cost of goods and ad spend and maybe fees, you still have your team to pay. Um you have customer service stuff. So losses to refunds and chargebacks. You have a lot of these little costs that can add up. So 30% can drop down to depending on what your operating costs are, it can drop down to 10% 15%. So that's important to keep that in mind. Let's continue onwards and upwards. Infrastructure. So, this means the structure of your business. Uh, this applies to the legal structure, the payment processing, the Facebook ad accounts, whatever ad channel you're running on, but I'm going to stick to what I know best and what we do the most of, which is Facebook. Here, let's focus on payment processing and ad accounts because I've found and I've seen that these are the two main areas where people suffer problems in their business that shuts things down, right? getting a hold on your payment processing on your all your money maybe after a long weekend where your entire you know if you have a fast cash flow cycle meaning you're putting all your money into ads every four days and then getting it back and doing it again which is super aggressive and I don't recommend doing that but then after a long weekend if they hold all your money this has happened to us multiple times they can have six figures in cash and now you're stuck for 90 days 180 days and there are ways out of that but that's not what this video is about So that's all to say that payment processing is a very sensitive area and so are Facebook ad accounts, right? If you get restricted, you get banned, your ads stop, your topline revenue grinds to a halt. So in terms of payment processing, here's what I recommend. One, if you're doing some type of scale, don't use the main payment facilitators unless you really have good relationships with them and you have a huge business, in which case this doesn't really apply to you. If you're anywhere from 10,000 a month to a million or multiple millions a month, you should be using thirdparty private payment processors. And my again my experience is mostly in the United States. So that means you want to reach out to third party payment processors. Not Stripe, not Shopify payments, not pay well PayPal is a different story, but you want to be in a position where you're not relying on any one merchant account because that's a point of big risk in your business. So you stay ahead of what you need, keep opening new merchant accounts. Two, be friendly and communicative with the reps that you have at those merchant accounts. They they are people and they're in the people business, right? They're reps, so they're kind of salespeople and relationship managers. So, the more you communicate with them, the more you update them on what you're doing in your business, the more clarity they have and the less risk they have. So, you tell them, "We're scaling now. We're doing this. We're doing that." Um, keep them updated on good news. they're just going to be more lenient with you and less likely to put big reserves on your accounts, less likely to hold your money, and more likely to be able to to let you be able to go past your limits. Um, two or three is that you want to increase your approval rate as much as possible. This kind of ties into the first pillar, which is profitability, but you want to increase those approval rates as much as you can. This can be a big bottleneck. So, this presentation is mostly about bottlenecks, which are also, you know, when you solve a bottleneck, you expand. But these are the main areas where we've had problems and I see other business owners have problems most often. So when you have a low approval rate, this keeps you, you know, chained down to a lower level of profit, low lower level of scale. When your approval rate is higher, right, in the high 80s or 90s, you can scale a lot harder. So there's lots of things you can do to improve that. you know, a better relationship with your processors, give them more information, uh, longer processing history, um, US inventory, branded everything custom ideally, and then you can also recover failed payments, and then you can use what's called payment cascading to spread your transactions across all your processors. All these things will improve your approval rate and just make your business a lot stronger. And then when it comes to Facebook ad accounts, this is another area that people have issues with and I personally have had a lot of issues with. Super frustrating. There's a couple things you can do. One, you want to be diversified in your infrastructure, especially if you're running multiple offers, multiple products. There's no reason to keep them all in the same ad account or even under the same business manager or same structure, Facebook advertising structure. So, you want to have that diversified. Um, and this just reduces risk, right? If if if any shutdown can only impact at most 25% of your revenue, it's not a huge deal. But if it's 100% if one shutdown stops your business, it's a really big problem. Two is to build relationships with the representatives. Sometimes you need scale for this. You need connections in the industry to get this, but super valuable. And then you can also, you know, have some of your or all of your ads on highquality agency ad accounts. And high quality meaning, you know, the ads are not getting disapproved. the agency itself is in good standing with Facebook. They're professional. They're knowledgeable. Um, and they're very quick to help you when you have issues. So, that's what I mean by high quality accounts. That can help a lot. And then finally, the third main area where there's a lot of bottlenecks is your operating expenses and your losses. So, this is what can turn a profitable business into just a break even or stagnant business. I've experienced this. I've seen this. Um, and anyone who's scaled very quickly early on in their career like we have knows that this can grind you to a halt. You can scale to multiple six figures a month and be making no profit, no cash flow. So, and the reason for that is one, your operating expenses are getting out of control because you're not tracking them or you're being too ambitious, hiring too many people, subscribing to too many enterprise softwares, and you don't even know what fees you're paying, what fees you're paying to your ad accounts, your agency ad accounts, and your payment processor. can be huge. So you want to ideally keep this below 10% of your topline revenue your operating expenses and then now with efficient use of AI we're getting closer to 5%. Which is at at at pretty decent scale. So it's totally possible. AI can handle a lot of the stuff that a lot of these softwares are for. It can reduce your headcount by a ton and make everything more efficient and cheaper. And then the other area where where money is lost, and this can become huge if it's not addressed properly, is chargebacks and refunds. So, you know, don't make the mistake of only tracking your topline first day sale because a lot of those will become chargebacks and refunds depending on how aggressive you're being and what the quality of your fulfillment is. You want to keep these below 3%. Um, in total, and depending on what payment processor you're using, the chargeback should be below 1%. That's a different story. Again, the payment processing. Some ways to do this, develop really strong customer service, which means honestly using a lot of AI, well-trained, you know, high quality AI responses. Have great SOPs and responses for your customer service team that can reduce refunds, deescalate chargebacks, um, and just reduce that number that you're losing to chargebacks and refunds. And then three, which not a lot of people use, but a lot of the big brand owners make use of generously, is phone outreach. Using phone salespeople, you can call people who are threatening to charge back, who have charged back, who want a refund, and you can deescalate a lot easier because people want to talk to people. A lot of these customers now are have a bad taste in their mouth with online shopping with brands they don't know. So, you want them to be comfortable. A lot of the times just getting on the phone being friendly with them will deescalate the situation a lot because they have often a completely different impression in their mind that they got scammed or that this happened when really it was just a misunderstanding. So having a strong phone sales team can help reduce that a lot. So again, these are the three main bottlenecks where I see most e-commerce business owners uh struggling and having issues that really impact the business. Profitability, having issues with that. You know, you can't scale if you're not making money. And you solve that by producing more ads, producing better ads, and testing more and having a strong backend infrastructure. This is the, you know, the pillar, the real physical pillars of your business that if you don't have them, there's no way around it. If you can't process payments, you can't make money. If you can't advertise, you can't make money. Right? So, this is a hard limit, a hard bottleneck that must be solved. If there's a problem with it, and you want to get ahead of the curve, right? Here I gave you two ways to get ahead of the curve, which is always open more merchant accounts than you need so you always have a backup and and have a diversified infrastructure so you're never completely shut down. And then the third is just managing their costs. This is where a lot of people who are scaling and making a big topline revenue grind to a halt because they're not retaining that money. They're not cash flowing because their costs are too high and they're not paying attention. And this is solid. One thing I didn't include here is smart financial tracking and management. track your finances meticulously and then that's where you're going to find areas where you can reduce costs and you can see where the money is bleeding out of the business. Okay? Because e-commerce in general is lower margin than software, lower margin than a lot of service businesses. So you have to track your costs very meticulously. You can't be gung-ho about, you know, a lot of people are pretty crazy with their ads like their creative system are all wild and creative. That's fine. That's good. That works for a lot of people. It works for me to be really creative with, you know, angle ideation, ad production, all this stuff. But when it comes to the actual business itself, you have to be an operator. You have to track your finances. You have to make decisions based on data. And that's what can help you thrive and scale your business, which is ultimately what we want. Scale and consistency. Not just scale, also consistency. Because the wealth is built over time. The the strength of your business is built over time. So not one good month, but you know, good years is what we're looking for. And these are the main things to keep in mind to make that happen. So, it's not as exciting as all the VSSL stuff and the tactics and the copyrightiting, but it's just as important, if not more important, because if you don't handle this, you won't be able to really run your VSSLs. So, I hope you enjoyed this video. Let me know what you think if you have any questions or comments and check out the private community. It's amazing. It's the best. All right. Later. All right. This is a VSSL script breakdown of the prodentim offer. So, this is a 8 figureure multi-figure offer, affiliate offer with a big VSSL about 40 minutes long running on ClickBank. Um, made a ton of money. Works super well. It's a crazy crazy script. It follows a similar structure to multiple of the best offers, affiliate offers in the world. So, in this video, I break down piece by piece the script, uh, why it works, how it works, what they're doing, what the tactics are, what the structure is, and this will help you one, understand VSSLs a lot better, write your own, and just become a much better marketer overall. So, enjoy and putting you at risk. So, there's the open loop, right? there's something you're doing every day that's causing the whole problem and they're obviously not going to tell you yet what it is, but it's going to keep you hooked. So, this whole lead is very very effective at driving engagement and attention and curiosity. Um, now we're going to agitate the pain, right? We talk about the throbbing pain, inflammation, infections, allergies, clogs, sinusitis, headaches, gut issues, but so first the pain and then the benefits, right? It's always a roller coaster. So you want to transition between the emotions very quickly. So the big problem and the big benefits once you find out what it is, you'll be able to start rebuilding your gums and teeth, stop the bleeding and the itching, forget about bad breath, cavities, yellow teeth, and you'll be able to breathe better, clear your throat. So this is a Gundry style, you know, they do the same thing where they give you all the problems and then very quickly all the benefits and this keeps the viewer off balance. So they can't really, you know, get into their head of all about it and they're just in the flow of the VSSL. And then this is also the typical VSSL style for ClickBank affiliate offers. You know, super curiosity based intriguing lead or a nightmare story lead. Why that flies in the face of common advice? Remember, that's what makes the doubt go to the side. And then we have the pain, the problem, and then the benefits. And then testimonials. Very short testimonials. This is what also helps to put doubt aside. You see, you it worked for other people. And the testimonials are always structured very similarly. I've taken good care of my teeth. I did all the right things and I always had the problem. Now, it feels like I've got a new set of teeth. Thank you, Dr. Drew. I'm not in pain. Pretty cool. what he told me to do seemed absolutely crazy, building up more curiosity. I was desperate, so I thought I'll give it a try and I can't believe how well it worked. The results were great. No more problem. And thank God, no more bad breath. I've been suffering. So, it's the same thing. Um, and again, all of these affiliate VSSLs have the same lead structure. And now we're getting This is where the body begins. So, anything above this, they've tested many, many variations of it. the hook, the lead, the scenes, the script, the wording has been tested very thoroughly before they even get this out to the affiliates. And then the body usually stays the same. So again, it's it's a expert authority figure hero's journey. So it's Dr. Drew Sutton is the main character. And this is a really good way to start your VSSL body. Let's address the elephant in the room. let's address the what whatever it is. Let's address something that you know it's unique and it's an open loop and then he just goes against the other solutions. Again, this is a very effective thing that I advocate for in ecom vssl is go against the common solutions because that's how you open the door to belief because everyone knows the common solutions and they don't work right. They still have the problem and that's what allows us to introduce the problem mechanism with belief. They're they're going to accept it. you put your hope in supplements etc 10% and then this is a unique information that really seals it up for for example up to 10% of dental implants fall in the first 3 years biolog biological complications over a 10-year period can be as high as 69%. So information is always good if you can add in numbers in a simple way. I, you know, don't overdo this, but this really um ties that together. And then relate it all to me. Again, very effective. This is another thing you'll see often in the Gundry DSLs. They'll give you the problem in an abstract way. This is what happens in the body when XYZ. And then they relate it to you. If you're like most people I work with, you already know these so-called solutions are a never-ending subscription to the dentist chair that leaves you in pain. Now, there's something that's never seen before, right? This is where we So, we bring it all down, right? There's all the problems. We relate it to them. And now, we're going to open it up. I want to be extremely clear what I'm talking about here is unlike anything you've ever seen or heard of before. That's a line that you'll see in all the ClickBank VSSLs. It's unlike anything you've ever seen or heard of before. It's not based on alternative treatments or positive thinking. It's based on real solid science. Um, then we're going to open a loop about the mechanism. It'll remmineralize and feed your gums with oxygen backed by tens of clinical trials. This is again important when you're making big claims and a lot of curiosity. You know, bring in some proof. You know, they're talking about Harvard, different universities, clinical trials. All of these things are helping to ease the doubt because you don't need them to believe you, you know, blank check right now. You just need the the the mind to be open to it because a lot of this is subconscious. So, as long as they're open to it, that's what the proof is for, the testimonials, the going against the common solutions. It's so that you're open to something new, not that you'll immediately believe it. That comes later. And then, you know, they recapture the attention. It's very important that you pay close attention to what I'm about to say. Keeps the engagement going. I don't recommend doing this in short VSSLs. I think it really breaks up the flow when you say like, you know, keep going, keep watching because in the next 30 seconds, I'm going to explain XYZ. I'm sure you guys have all seen that. I I've found in my tests that it doesn't work as well for a five or six or seven minute VSSL, but in these long ones, it really helps to retain attention, especially in the beginning where attention drops off. Again, we relate to the pain. Remember, the beginning of the VSSL is where you want to paint the picture of, you know, you're going from point A to point B, right? From big problem to the dream outcome. You have to really explain to them and make clear and vivid what the problem is and make it real for them. They need to experience that and be aware of that right now or else they're not going to want to solve it. That's why it keeps reiterating the pain. As a doctor, I've seen firsthand how debilitating and painful it can be. How it can drag you into a pit of despair and embarrassment and isolate you from your dear ones. Again, emphasizing the emotional side of the pain. So, it's not just debilitating and painful, it's also embarrassing. You you go into despair and you're isolated. So, it's the emotional real life consequences of the problem. And then look, it's always the same thing. It's a psychological tactic, right? You bring them into the pain and then you give them hope. I'm happy you've chosen because this will transform you. So, we're talking about despair and debilitation and isolation and then there's hope. No matter how long you've been dealing with the problem, this is also very important and you'll see in all the PSLs, no matter how long you've been dealing with it, no matter how serious it is, no matter your condition, there's a simple solution. So, it's pretty much saying come one, come all. Like no matter what your problem is, how long you've been dealing with it, this applies to you. That's very important because one of the biggest things that cause drop off in the VSSLs and throughout our funnels is when people don't have a clear answer to does this apply to me. This kind of statement makes it very clear it does apply to you, right? No matter your condition, your age, your gender, what kind of the severity your problem is, it does apply to you. So this is what keeps people hooked and it makes them relate to it on a personal level because it's about them. But make that clear. And I do this in my VSSLs. And then huge benefits, right? So problem, hope, and then benefits. That's the typical that's the roller coaster in especially in the intro and in the lead. They're emphasizing the problem, you know, physical and emotional. But wait, there's hope. There's something you've never tried before, and then the benefits. And over time, these waves will just open up the doorway to belief, emphasize the problem, and make it real, and create desire for the solution. This is very important. So powerful that I'm convinced it will change your life forever. So just as bad as the problem is, right? As much as we emphasize the problem, that's how much we're going to emphasize the solution if not more. It's going to change your life forever. And just imagine also this is very common. No more inflamed bleeding gums, no more blood taste, etc. No more pain, bad breath, all of this stuff. And it's a, you know, when it says just imagine, it makes it personal. Never having to cover your mouth or feel embarrassed, right? That's a very relatable thing that you would get from doing research from people's own words. Never having to see your friends take a step back when you talk to them. Never having to see your spouse turn their heads away when you want to kiss or hug them. You can become one of those people with rock solid confidence. So, this is very powerful. I mean, imagine you're someone with this issue and he can speak to you to your biggest emotional pain points. This brings you in and gets you to build desire like nothing else and never set foot in a dental office again. And now we get into a little bit more of the actual VSSL story. So until now we've been priming them emotionally with the problem, the benefits etc. That's all you know the you know to be clear the reason we do that the reason we emphasize the problem and the solution etc. is so they can accept the problem mechanism the solution mechanism and ultimately the product as the thing that's going to take them from point A to point B. But you can't do that without the emotional side. I mean, it's very difficult. Once you see the groundbreaking science behind this inexpensive solution, I'm sure that you'll be excited to give it a try. And again, this is an open loop. In the next 5 minutes, I'll reveal, you know, this groundbreaking solution. Why our ancestors, despite never brushing their teeth, never going to the dentist, had better teeth than ours. Most people in dentistry actually consider it to be the best thing ever invented for at home morning test to rapidly check. Oh, yeah. He's good. So, this is another thing that you'll see in all the ClickBank VSSLs. It's some simple, you know, at home test that you can do to see if you have the problem. They do this for like the fungus one. This they do this for the the blood pressure for all diabetes. It's a simple at home test that you can do in a few seconds to see if this is the root cause of your problem. This is just another open loop and to find out if it's responsible for your clogged sinuses, etc. And this is also very common and I do this in my VSSLs. Tests have shown that this destroyer is present in 98% of overweight people. So you can say that you know imply that the problem mechanism is found in 98% of the people suffering and I will let you know the scientifically proven melting candy remedy that could erase years of damage done to your oral cavity. Um again this is an important tactic. I'm going to keep pointing them out because they're very effective and you can use a lot of these. I use a lot of these. Notice what he's doing here. He's saying he's not saying, "I'm going to reveal the melting candy product solution, uh, you know, whatever it is, it's a remedy. It's a ritual. It's a method. This is what takes down skepticism because the viewer wants to believe that this is just a simple remedy or method or home home ritual. So this makes it a lot easier to accept and takes away the skepticism because if he had said here, I'm going to reveal the new supplement that's taking the world by storm. You can already I mean if you're a copyriter, you can feel that like this is not the right place to even say the word supplement or product or solution. This is where you say remedy, etc. And then we do the expert credibility. This is who I am. Um 30 years of experience, board certified, he was a surgeon. So, he's the real deal, right? And if you have an authority figure who has this kind of credentials, you definitely want to say it. Now, one mistake people make is that they do this too early. They think because you have an authority figure and it's so good, I should put it at the front of the VSSL. No, because first comes the flow and the structure and then comes the content. Meaning if this doesn't fit into the flow, if you're trying to emphasize the problem and solution and then you just throw in a expert credibility in the middle of that, it doesn't flow and it interrupts what we're trying to do psychologically. So this comes later once we've already done that emotional roller coaster. And now there's a conspiracy story. There's an exciting little story. Uh people So people looked at me, they saw one thing, I was really another. So they looked at me and they saw a successful doctor and then everything came tumbling down because I learned this is a common one for anything health related. What I was taught in medical school only treated the symptoms without without getting to the root cause. That's a very effective and relatable thing. People were just bodies. The pain was just an indicator and they were forgotten the minute they went out of the doctor's door. My frustration grew by the day, especially when I saw some of my colleagues blindly prescribing the same chemical medications, etc. So it's, you know, he's disillusioned by the institution that he works for. And then he starts to look to other avenues, plants, herbs, organic ingredients. And since then, I've been able to help thousands of people around the world. So that that's like a summary of kind of a hero's journey, right? He's unsatisfied. He sees something is wrong. He leaves, everything comes tumbling down, and then he comes back to help people with a new um case study. Yeah. Okay. So, this is also a very common tactic for these affiliate VSSLs. The hero, the doctor will come and will help someone. A case study whose situation is like yours but worse. So, it's like the viewers but worse. Always slightly worse. And that just shows if he can do it, I can do it. So, giving a little backstory of this guy. And then he had gum disease, right? He had the worst form of gum disease I'd ever seen. His breath was so bad. I have to keep the windows open long after he was long before he was gone. Wow. His wife had been kissing only his forehead for the past 2 years. So, it's really emphasizing the problem here. Wow. And then so so this guy's suffering is a horrible problem. They really emphasize it because the remember the viewer can relate to this even if they don't have this exact problem. Most likely they have a lesser situation, a lesser version. They can still relate to it. And this is like their biggest fear, right? This is describing he's afraid of dying of a heart attack. He's afraid of choking to death in his sleep. You know, this is their biggest fear. Come to life in another person. So, they're on the edge of their seat. They're they're watching closely now. And then our expert comes in to solve the problem. He tried just about everything. What else could I do? I had no clue. But I was determined to not be the, you know, the next doctor and leave him disappointed. I spent night after night, you know, typical hero story. I was in, you know, in my lab at night studying trying to find a solution and then I stumbled upon the answer. It's always like that. During one of our consultations, Sam wanted to show me there's a picture from a newspaper. This is where he finds out the right the thing in the lead, which is 2500y old skull. They have perfect teeth. Those bastards didn't even know what a toothbrush is. And suddenly it hit him. So it comes spontaneously. The discovery comes spontaneously after we're in this dark tunnel where he can't find a solution. I had a hunch I was on to something. He finds mind-blowing information. Something is making our teeth more frail than ever. What is it? Little known study, right? It's all obscure and kind of vague and and there's a lot of curiosity and interest in this. So, this is important. You've probably been told that bad bacteria is to blame. And you need to take antibiotics, go through annoying disinfection. But I took a closer look. Scientists realize that bad bacteria is not the real root cause. Right? So, this is effective. Again, this is a more aware market. So, they're going a lot deeper on this, but they'll give you one, you know, the the old problem mechanism and they'll say it's not the real root cause. Now, we're going to go into the actual root cause. We've opened that door. When there are too few good bacteria, so this is the whole premise of the VSSL. Gum disease and other dental disorders happen not when there are bad bacteria. That's the old problem mechanism. When there's too few good bacteria, that's the new problem mechanism. You probably know about the gut flora, gut microbiome. You also have it in your mouth. So this is very effective because it the comparison right you everyone knows the gut microbiome and then you just take that and you put it onto the mouth right there's also a mouth microbiome and that's actually the root cause so you compare your problem mechanism to another one that they can understand and then it's just kind of explaining this with a metaphor. It's like the police and the thugs. The big fight. Germ theory versus terrain theory. Okay. So, this is the whole premise. If there's enough good bacteria, the body will naturally take care of the problem. This is a very effective way to frame your your the process. It'll be dealt with by the body naturally. If you have So, it's like this is what it's saying. If the body has the tools it needs, it can solve your problem naturally. So, what's the issue here? It's that there's one thing missing that your body, if only your body had it, it would solve your problem. But because you're missing it, you have all these terrible problems. This is one of my favorite ways to do the problem mechanism because it, you know, people intuitively know that the body works well. So, if you're in health, and this can work for anything, but specifically for health, you take the premise that the body is naturally balanced, and if there's something wrong, it's because it's missing something. So, the problem mechanism is that you're missing something. in this case, good bacteria. The solution mechanism is to supplement that good bacteria, get the body back to its balance, and it will solve your problem. It will disappear. And that's very easy to believe for people. And this is all just continuing to explain and emphasize and simplify and restate in different ways the problem mechanism because this is important, right? This is what this people will buy because of this because of this explanation of the problem mechanism. Your whole body mirrors what's happening in your mouth. This is how they extend the problem. So it's not just in your mouth. It's going to go to the rest of your body. And a great metaphor. Imagine your front door is open and dirty. All of the dirt will eventually end up in your living room and it will soon have all sorts of things growing in it. So this is a very good metaphor for simplifying it. Right? Cuz they're giving all kinds of numbers here. 140 billion per day. They're talking about the scientific basis for it. And then he turns it into a very simple metaphor. This is what I love to do as well. If you're going to do the in-depth informational explanation, especially if it's a more aware market, make sure you pause every few paragraphs and you restate everything as a simple metaphor and relate it back to the viewer. And then, okay, so we've explained the problem mechanism. Now, we're going to tie that into why nothing else works. Let's take So then now now he's going to go against the most common solutions, right? This is the time to do it. This part of the VSSL either comes before the problem mechanism or after. In this case, they do both. They do a little bit before where they say uh toothpaste, dental clinics, none of this stuff works. But they don't explain why. That comes when the problem mechanism is explained. So look now what he's going he's going to go into the toothpaste. So let's take toothpaste. The toothpaste doesn't work. They're trying to remove grime like the same bleach that removes stains off your t-shirts. So toothpaste, artificial sweeteners, mouthwash, etc. So, it's going to explain why the other solutions don't work. So, now what does that do for the viewer? You're left with nothing, right? You're kind of walking on the you're walking in the darkness and you're just taking this guy's word for it because you know the problem. You know how it works. You accept it. You believe it. You want the solution. But all all the solutions that you would think can help you don't. He discounts all of them. So now you you know what the problem is, but you don't know what the solution is. So you have no choice but to wait for him to give you the solution. And the mind will naturally be waiting for that. So, what can you do? Right? This is what I'm talking about. We get to this point. So, what can you do? Do you stop washing your t-shirt? This is where we we've eliminated all of their outs. So, they're just stuck with what? So, what do I do? And if they're they're here at this point in the VSSL, that means that they are ready for this section, which is they believe the mechanism. They're they're interested in the solution, but they don't know what to do. This is a very important turning point. And it's really just emphasizing the fact that you're kind of hopeless until you get the solution. If you use natural toothpaste, um the bacteria are still incredibly weakened and need time to recover. Grinding or clenching puts enormous pressure on the teeth teeth. It's really emphasizing the problem. And this is emphasizing the fact that you're in a dark tunnel and you're just waiting for that light to come. So, a quick tip or question to deal with the root Before telling you the only method that can rebuild the mouth microbiome, here's a quick tip. So, the open loops in this VSSL are crazy. They're going to keep you watching for sure. Chew sugar-free gum. Gives you a little tip. And that closes a loop that was opened previously. Do you have digestive issues, etc., etc.? Again, emphasizing the problem. Imagine the chemicals viciously corroding your teeth, burning your gums, d excuse me, destroying every strain of bacteria. Visualizing the problem. Jesus Christ. Crawl up your nose, down your throat. It's really digging the knife. And now we get to the solution. So, you see how much buildup there is. This is what it takes to sell to completely cold traffic in such a aware market. There's a lot of tactics and buildup that have gone into this just to get to the solution. Right? In our e-commerce VSSLs, we'd be at this point like in a 5minute VSSL, we'd be 3 minutes in. In this case, we're already like 30 minutes in. You need to repopulate your mouth with good bacteria and create a healthy environment for the thousands of diverse healing strains to grow. You'll breathe better. you know all the benefits you'll be cleared of cavities teeth will become wider and now we're going to overcome the alternative solution so here's the premise the principle the theory of the solution and then immediately the mind will go okay so does that mean I can take probiotics not all probiotics are the same none of them are not all of them are good for all diseases you can't take the same pill for a toothache tooth ache and bad digestion what you find on the market is designed for the gut. You need a completely different strain. So, it discounts that one. To sell more probiotic probiotics, they add as many strains as possible without making sure if they interact well with one another. That's another issue. You know, if they don't if they're not compatible, they can cancel each other out with newfound knowledge. So, so this is the whole premise is that so here's the principle of the solution, right? So, the problem mechanism is you don't have enough XYZ. The solution is to reintroduce XYZ so your body can be ready to deal with the problem. But all the solutions out there don't work. So what does that leave us? The hero has to go and do it himself. I had to create, you know, I hadn't gone far enough or I hadn't gone so far just to stop. I realized the only way I'd know for sure that there's an oral bacteria strain that works as powerfully as all the studies indicate was for me to be the first one to create it. very effective way to introduce the solution, the story of the solution. And then it's talking about, this is again, Gandry loves to do this. It's not selling you on the solution yet because it hasn't been introduced. It's telling you what the solution ideally should do, which has the same effect at creating desire because it's like a benefit, but without the doubt and skepticism that come from selling your product. The formula had to reintroduce this. It had to fix your your your rebalance your bacteria, you know, stop the growth of viruses, help the mouse mouth produce more saliva. Teething and gums are the perfect environment to start healing themselves. Remember, that's the whole premise here. Once XYZ happens, in this case, once the microbiome is restored, they start to heal themselves. So, I gathered a team. you know, the Avengers are assembled, medical researchers, chemists, and they're going to figure out the most powerful solution in the world. So, they're testing, they're coming up with breakthroughs, and we found a solution. And this is always what they do in these supplement VSSLs. They don't just come in with the the solution itself, the product. They say, "We found a combination of ingredients that work." Okay? So, think about what we're doing here. He says I had to make the solution myself. It gives some benefits what it should do in an ideal world. We created something. Here are the ingredients and then after we've sold them on all the ingredients, then we're going to introduce the product. And then this just goes through and then under the guise of explaining the ingredients, what they're really going to do is give you the benefits and the promises of each one. But your skepticism is put aside because you think you're just going to learn about what the ingredients do. It puts out inflammation. It stops the damage. It produces molecules that inhibit the production of bad bacteria. This is a great way to sneak in a lot of your benefits in your proof elements is when you're explaining the ingredients or what makes up the solution. So, I'm not going to go through all of this, but it's just explaining each ingredient and giving it a benefit that applies directly to the prospect. and now we package it into a product. That's when we decided this should come in a unique candy that softly melts in your mouth. So in an e-commerce product, right, you'd explain all the different mechanisms of your product or if there's one main one, you'd explain how it works and then you would explain how you would take that mechanism and put it into a product. So you don't sell them on the product first. You sell them on the benefits of red light therapy and you know heat massage, deep tissue, whatever. And then you once they've sold on the benefits of that, then you package it into a product. Cuz remember, the second you introduce the product, you you better make sure that they have accepted the benefits, they want the solution, they trust you, they have enough proof. If you do it too early, then there's a bunch of skepticism that's going to follow them throughout the rest of the DSL. So they made the first batch. I saw the light at the end of the tunnel. First case study explodes. We received calls that this miracle worker was making teeth look whiter, etc., etc. He was breathing freer and we now the product is introduced. I mean, if you can see my little scroll bar, we're on page 21 of 30. So, we're right 66% of the way through the VSSL. Now, the product is introduced. We called our advanced soft probiotic Candies Prodentin the 100% natural doctor formulated health supplement. So that addresses the real root cause of gum disease, cavities and tooth decay. And this is like a summarized pitch what it is, what it does, and how to use it. Let one tablet melt in your mouth and let the science do the rest. That's always how these products are framed. You take it and it does the work for you. What's in it? Simple. It explains what's inside. Social proof and testimonials. a lot of proof. It's non GMO. Um, this is where it's made. 150,000 people. This is where we give the proof because we just introduced the product, which is a big tension point for skepticism. So, we need a lot of social proof, a lot of, you know, uh, yeah, social proof is the main thing at this point in the VSSL because we've already done the studies, the trials. Now, we need to show that other people are doing it. So, ready to try it? Here's how. Now, we get into the CTA. and the clothes. So, let's just go over the main elements of the clothes because this is not super unique. Let's see how you can get Pro Denton today. We refuse to cut any corners, yada yada. Price anchor. This is always how it works. We were told to sell it at, you know, $35, $700. Far from me to put a price on your health. So, he's on your side. So, he's going to do you a favor. Instead of selling you this thing for $700, he's going to drop the price. The retail value should be 175. So from 700 down to 175. This is a steal considering yada yada. But my goal is to give it to as many people as possible. You don't need to invest 170. Not even 150. Not even 120. So we're dropping it more. I just want to cover the cost of the ingredients and keep the site running as long as possible. I'll have to charge $99 for one bottle soon. But today, you can get a 30-day supply for just $69. So, if we had just thrown it out at 69, you're getting a one month supply, right? You're getting probably 30 little gummies for $70. That's a huge uh price. And if you guys are in supplements, you know how hard it is to make $70 for one bottle work. But in this case, they do a huge price drop, which helps to frame that price as very attractive, especially in the moment. And then you get a discount on the three and six month packages. And then they're really pushing for the AOV, right? We have multiple paragraphs here. You know, I would take it for at least 60 days. And he's telling you all the reasons with a little bit of fear, right? If you don't take it for more than 60 days, you won't notice the benefits and your all the progress might be reversed. All the bacteria might come back. And then we future pace the benefits. This helps them visualize it and build more desire. Your progress improves exponentially every day. It would be a shame to be so close to never having to deal with tooth decay and gum bleeding again just to notice you're out of prodent. So again, pushing for the AOV bonus. If you get the three or six month supply, you'll get two bonus guides worth $109 and four household ingredients that clear out the sores overnight. Another bonus, Hollywood white teeth at home. Special bottling keeps it fresh for 2 years. Now we address skepticism. If you're skeptical, we totally understand. You've tried a lot of methods. You know, this is just where you affirm what they're probably feeling. You affirm, I get it. If you're skeptical, I understand. I get it. You don't fight them on it. You don't say you shouldn't be skeptical. You say, I understand why you're skeptical. You've tried all the other methods. You've spent a lot of money, time, etc. But I'm confident it'll work. And so, how do we address the skepticism? With our guarantee. We have 60 days to get your money back. If you don't experience a dramatic improvement, we'll promptly issue you a full refund. So, here's what to do next. You order today. They they run you through it, right? Let's just see how they do that. It's a onetime payment. No subscription or hidden char charges. Choose the package you want. Click on the package. You'll be taken to a checkout page. Fill in your payment details. We'll send your order in a discrete package for maximum privacy. It's in high demand, so don't delay. Explaining exactly how to order it. And then we have the scarcity. They're released to our contract manufacturer. We don't receive the batch in our warehouse and the formula passes all test. If you don't try it today, I can't promise it will be available later. Very effective. And that's another reason to buy the multi-bottle packages. Another emphasis of the guarantee and then the crossroads close. If you're still thinking about it, take a second and imagine what awaits you. If you don't choose it, you're going to spend more time and money. You're going to spend weeks or months and your gums and teeth are just getting worse and worse. Maybe you believe the problem will go away by itself. Remember, we're taking away all their outs. I've never seen such a case. Actually, the opposite. If it goes untreated, it dissolves faster. Or you can risk nothing and try produm right now. Again, talking about three or six bottles and then that's pretty much it. And then they have their FAQs just to uh re-emphasize all of that. Well, so that's this VSSL. Um, Prodentim VSSL monster VSSL. This script is in. Thank you for watching the video. If you enjoyed it, um, that's great. Leave a comment if you have any questions or if you have other VSSLs you want me to review. I love doing these VSSL reviews. Um, and I do a lot of them inside of my community, the private school community, where I share a lot more resources, a lot more tactics and strategies that I personally use. So, if you want to join that, it's in the description below. So, check it out. Peace. So, when it comes to VSSL copyrightiting, we have two things that I want to talk about. This is very important to know. Tactics versus strategy. Most people know about the tactics. That's what all the books are about and all the courses are about. But strategy is far more important and this is what separates you know the really big brands who write monster VSSLs that can scale on cold traffic is that they understand strategy and structure. So this is the the best thing for increasing your VSSL win rate. I know that personally and let's dive in. So when it comes to writing the VSSLs, this also works and applies for advertorials. Um there's two things to keep in mind and these are the this is like the highle overview. You have your tactics which is the wording that you use, the reading level, the sentence structure, the tricks of the trade, how you convey benefits, how you convey emotional promises, how you build urgency, scarcity. It's the specific words that you're using. And this is what everyone thinks copyrightiting is. This is what everyone focuses on. But it's not the most important and it's certainly not what makes you the most money and makes the most effective ads. That comes down to strategy. This is way more important. And you'll notice that people who are the best VSSL copywriters, the best marketers, the best direct response guys, they focus on strategy, the flow, the story arc, the structure of your VSSL, and most importantly, the overall emotional journey. Where are we taking them? What's point A? What's point B? What's the transition? What's the bridge between the two? And how do we actually build that out in our VSSL flow? You always start with this. A lot more time should go into this than actually writing and thinking about what words to use because that will come naturally once you've figured this out. So strategy comes first. And here's why. We have to decide what that emotional journey is before we can know how to do before we know how to take them on it. Before we know how to structure the language, the different paragraphs, the different sections, we have to know what the sections are. So this seems very simple, but pretty much nobody that's not true. Very few people actually focus on this and talk about this. Everyone's focused on the tactics and the wording because it's more exciting and it's more fun, but it's definitely not the most effective. The strategy dictates the structure and format of our VSSL. Okay. Is it a first-person story? For some market level awareness levels, this is better. For some niches, this is better. Right? When selling to women, this can often be better. Again, depends on your market and their state of awareness. Is it anformational VSSL? Are we going to educate them? Are we going to take them through the different mechanisms and focus on the how, how the product works, or is it a more emotional one? Are we going to focus on what they get and why they want it? And then the authority figure narration, that's also a common one, especially with big brands. They'll have a doctor, a physical therapist narrating from the first person perspective, being their story. So, you have to decide this based on market awareness level, the niche that you're in, who you're selling to, and also what works best for you. What are you most used to, most comfortable with? All of that plays a part in this and you want to take time to really think about it. But what I'll say is one of the best ways to determine what strategy to use. It's very simple. Look at what the most successful competitors are doing. The people who are winning, who are scaling their ads, what format are they using? And this is how we figure that out. You take one of their best VSSLs and you break it into a structure. You identify the key sections. Where does the script transition, right? It'll transition after the lead into an agitation and then it'll transition to oftentimes giving a bunch of benefits, then dismissing the alternative solutions, opening a loop and teasing the problem mechanism. You want to label each of these sections with a few words. And this is what's going to give you a structure, the VSSL structure. Uh this makes it very easy to follow that structure because now you know that it works for your market. So you're not starting from scratch. You're not guessing. you're using something that you know works and now your job is to write it and adapt it to your product. So this is how we do that. Once you've outlined that structure, now we're going to write the DSL. So what are the key things to use here? Um you again, you don't want to start from scratch. You don't want to use your best guess. This is a lot of the beginners do this. A lot of people that I've talked to who are just starting out with copywriting, even if they've been in e-commerce for a while, they think that they can just take a an idea and write a VSSL from scratch. This very rarely works. You have to be a very, very skilled copywriter to be able to write winning stuff from scratch consistently. I highly recommend using a proven story arc, a proven flow. And you'll see that most of the top VSSLs, whether it's Gundry, Miami MD, the ClickBank stuff, um, they are using the same or similar structures every time. They found what works for the market and then they write a VSSL based on that. They're not starting from scratch. you'll see patterns that they're, you know, they're using the same closes, they're using the same intros, they're using the same problem mechanisms where they're getting the benefits of each ingredient of their product. There's a lot of commonalities and that's because it works and it works much better than coming up with something new from scratch. So, when it comes to writing, the way we actually make this happen is we have to research. We have to do deep, deep research into who we're selling to. So, what are their pain points? How do they describe them? What are the key emotions? What are their secret desires? What do they actually want? Right? If it's a skinincare thing, they don't actually want more beautiful skin. They want to be more attractive to other people. They want to be treated better. They want to feel younger. They want better relationships. And they want a sense of freedom. So, this stuff you'll only get by researching your market, going on the forums, seeing how they work, using AI to do deep research, um, on Amazon reviews, on other websites, copy, and what kind of language do they use? How do they describe their problem? How do they describe the alternative solutions? you know, their frustrations with chiropractors or dermatology clinics, whatever it is that your market typically goes to and they're used to, how do they describe it? And then this is where the tactics come down to. So, this is what gives us kind of the ammunition to fill in that VSSL structure. And then how we actually do that comes down to a lot of practice and skill. And this is where the tactics come in once again where we're going to actually, okay, we know what the benefits are, we know what the pain points are. How do we word that in a way that's the most easy to accept, easy to understand, relatable? How can we do it while building rapport, building belief? That comes down to just copyrightiting skill. And to summarize this whole section about filling in the VSSL, research shows us what we want to say, what we say to hook them in, to build desire, to build the belief, and then practice skill and copyrightiting tactics show us how to say that, how do we word it, how do we structure the sentences? We're using active language, simple reading levels, all the stuff that's, you know, talked about often. Now it now it comes into play. So just to summarize, the first and most important thing is that you want to make a deliberate effort to determine what structure you want to use. Then we want to research thoroughly. Get clear on the pain points, emotional and physical. Get clear on the alternative solutions. Get clear on the language they use to describe all this stuff. And then we're going to write the copy. You also want to do research onto your product, right? You should know your your mechanism. How do we deliver the benefit to them? What happens in the body or in their life when they use it? And you know the general information about your product. And after you've written your copy, you want to spend time polishing it, editing it, lowering the reading level, simplifying the sentence structure, making sure that everything makes sense and flows and there's no tension points where they can get lost in the copy. And that's generally my highle approach to writing DSLs. It's structure first and then tactics. Again, the reason I'm, you know, making this clear, even though it might seem obvious, is that so many people I talk to, a vast majority, even skilled people who've made a lot of money, have this reversed, and they focus so much on the copy and the words, etc., when they really should be focusing on the structure and the flow. That's how you write a, you know, monster VSSL that can scale your brand just with one ad is when you really dial in the flow and the structure and the messaging, the big idea, the big picture stuff and then you turn that into reality using the tactics. All right, so I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions about copyrightiting, etc., you can leave them in the comments or DM me. Otherwise, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Otherwise, what? Otherwise, that's it. That's all I got to say. All right. Thank you everybody. Hope you enjoyed and have a great week. Peace. So, in this video, I'm going to outline top down overview of why most ecom brands, even though they can scale up to, you know, 10, 20, 30k a day, they can't maintain those levels. So, this is going to come from a lot of conversations I've had with people who blew past that and built a super stable business, u my own experiences in e-commerce, scaling up my offers, and the people in my consulting group. So, it's a good mix of different perspectives. But the reason this is important is because I make a lot of videos about ads, VSSLs, advertorials, funnels. So that's the customer acquisition side. But that is supported by a foundation. We're not in affiliate marketing. That would be our only responsibility. We're in the e-commerce or the drop shipping game where we need to also fulfill the orders and manage payment processing and customer service, etc. So this video is going to go into that. So just to give you some a big overview of why this happens. So as I said, a lot of the people I'm talking to their ads are doing really well. They implemented the VSSLs, the funnels. They're making good money. They're scaling. They're profitable on Facebook. They have two, three rows, but they keep their graph. If you look on Shopify, it keeps bouncing down. So, this happened to me. I've scaled multiple offers over about 2 years to 3 4 500k per month. And I always ran into the same types of issues that these people are running into. And those are backend issues. And they can completely halt your scale or really sabotage you. uh there are two different types of issues you can have there. So let's go into that. The main reason is that the underlying foundation as I said is very shaky. It cannot support the scale. Um again I had experience with this major setbacks because of payment processing, ad account infrastructure, customer service overwhelm. Um yeah and and the reason for this is because when I was building up these businesses my number one focus was the ads was customer acquisition. I was getting as good as possible at making VSSLs, writing them, editing them or managing the editors, um, managing the whole creative process, the creative testing system, the media buying. And I put very little, I put the bare minimum effort into my supplier relations, into packaging, into customer service management, into payment processing, relationship management, um, and banking and all kinds of stuff. I put very little effort into that and it came back to bite me and I, it limited my scale for a long time. So, this is what the lessons I learned. Um, and hopefully it can help you out and and a couple ways to to resolve this. So, first, the foundation of this business is everything that makes up your business, other than the customer acquisition side. So, other than ads, other than retargeting, other than um emails, upsells, all this stuff, anything that's not revenue generation related, that makes up the what I call the foundation of the business, which is the operation side that's going to make your business run. So, the biggest issues, payment processing. If you're running on Stripe or PayPal, you've definitely experienced this. If you're in the e-commerce industry, you know what the issues are with payment processing. They hold your money. Um, they can hold a percentage of your money and they can take these reserves and hold them as long as they want. You know, there there's timelines, but a lot of times I've had experience with this where they say 90 days and then it gets to, you know, 120 and then 180 and then you have to get lawyers involved. These are a big big problem. So, one, they can shut your account down completely. This is typically less common with the private third party processors, but is much more common with Stripe and PayPal and even Shopify now um over over the last year and a half was more common more frequently than the complete shutdowns is 10 to 20% hold. And just to be clear, I never ran super aggressive stuff. I never did anything crazy. They still don't like direct response marketing, e-commerce, shipping from China, that kind of stuff. They really don't like it and they're going to screw you if you try and do it. meaning they're not going to let you process huge numbers on Stripe, I'm talking about the big payment facilitators like Stripe, etc. More common than that, and this is definitely very common with the third party processors, is 10 to 20% hold. Meaning, if you're, you know, processing $100,000 in payments a week, they're going to hold 10% of that. So, after every month, they're going to be holding $40,000. So, this could be a rolling reserve where they keep it at a certain fixed amount or it can just continue, right? Those are the it can continue. you can do 40,000 a month and you know you never say anything. They're going to keep holding that cash and then getting it out is kind of a pain in the ass. The next thing is customer service management. So, let me just return to the payment processing real quick. Um, this is not a payment processing in-depth video. I'm not an expert in this stuff. I'm this is not legal or financial advice at all. This is just from my experience. But definitely switch to third party payment processors in the country you're located in. And you can even do other countries like you can be in EU and get US processors and process credit card payments. But I'm in the US. I've always sold in the US. So US third party payment processors. They underwrite you up front. You get your deal terms up front. There's no, you know, surprise shutdowns. And as long as you're doing a good job managing your chargebacks, your customer service, your shipping times, uh this can be a great a great way to scale up because they're going to increase your limit over time if you're doing a good job. So you can start, you know, some most accounts start at 50 100,000 a month and then they see, you know, you're doing well, you have good bank statements, you have cash, they're going to raise that up. Okay. So one issue I ran into is trying to do this too early. Um I when I started using VSSLs, we were scaling really fast. We're really profitable and the payment processors would give us a limit and we would go past it within a week. They would give us a monthly limit, we'd go past it. We try to open more accounts. Same thing happened. And eventually they didn't like how aggressive we were being with our scale. So they just put a some of them put a 20% hold, some put a 10% hold. Um, and eventually those came off, but it was there for like 6 months or more, which made it really hard to operate with a ton of cash flow. So you it's going to be hard, you know, if you're not well capitalized, if you don't have a ton of cash and you're bootstrapping the business, you need the cash flow. The next thing is customer service management. Uh, a lot of people have experience with this, especially in drop shipping with aggressive funnels, aggressive sales process, bleeding money to refunds and chargebacks. The other problem with the refunds and chargebacks, not just having a high rate of them, but that they grow as you scale. And then when you stop scaling, let's say, because of a payment processor hold, you're going to be dealing with the chargebacks and the refunds from the previous 3 4 months, you know, 2 3 months to be more realistic. But that's like if you're doing, you know, 500 600,000 a month and you scale back down to 100, you're going to be dealing with the chargebacks of 600,000 a month. So it could completely eat up your profit at 100 and you could be losing money. So this also happened to us uh scaling really fast, you know, the customer service is manageable. It's a reasonable percentage at that high scale. It's like 1 or 2 or 3%. But when you scale down because of issues with the infrastructure, you're screwed. And it's just the the worst thing. Having a ton of customer service problems is the worst thing. Next is fulfillment quality. Um, if you're not working with some huge suppliers or you're working with niche products and you scale super fast, the quality could dip. Also happen with us. And then the team is either too big or too small. There's no leadership other than you. So, everyone comes to you every day for their orders, their marching orders. So, then you have a hard time managing the ads, managing the rest of the foundation of the business, and it gets very overwhelming. My experience with this was that it's best to build the team with, you know, the basics, the basic assistants first and the contracting jobs, like the video editing and whatever, but then as soon as possible, get some leaders in there and start building them up. Operations manager, marketing manager, customer service manager, and then they can help you build and manage their departments. Uh, I tried to build all the departments myself, and it was extremely overwhelming. So the solution here is to take the foundation of the business as seriously as you take the ads and scaling. This was a big lesson for me. I didn't want to do that for a long time. For years I was just focused on the ads and scaling and making a bunch of money which was fun in the beginning and then it becomes a nightmare scaling fast without foundation and infrastructure. So this could mean hiring dedicated people to communicate regularly with your suppliers with your payment processors to secure better deals to maintain that relationship to build trust with those uh suppliers. hiring a customer service expert who specializes in your ideally in your niche to build and manage your customer service team. Oftentimes they can come in, they can consult, they can help you build it, and then they'll move on and you just hire a customer service manager. And then in general, just being more on top, being intentional about this, um being intentional with building out this back end, making it stronger than it needs to be. You know, if you're expecting to do $500,000 in sales next month, have more than that. Have excess payment processing because you don't know what can happen. Your approval rates could drop. You can get a hold out of nowhere. You can get a, you know, reserve out of nowhere. You can get shut down out of nowhere. So, have more than you need. I always had the bare minimum. Like, do I have enough? You know, if I want to do 500,000 this month, do I have 300,000 and limit and I'm going to smoo my way with the processors? It's not a sustainable thing to do. And you're not you're just kind of being like a affiliate with extra steps. So, it's just I don't recommend operating that way um at all. Build the foundation 100%. build it. When you have the ironclad back end, this is what helped me to scale and really maintain it was that you can confidently focus on scaling. When you have your customer service dialed in and you know that the refund rate is below a certain amount, you know that your payment processors can handle a lot that they trust you. You have a good relationship with them. You know that your agent, you know, wherever you're supplying, sourcing the products from is doing quality checks. Everything is high quality. They can handle a lot of scale. You're ordering inventory way ahead of time. not way ahead, but ahead of what you need if you're scaling aggressively. And that gives you the space, the the time, the energy to focus on new VSSLs, new angles, new offers, and scaling your revenue. But without that stable foundation, the whole thing is built on a house of cards. You should probably just be an affiliate or in lead genen if you don't want to manage the back end. So, I did do that as well. I got into lead genen, did not so much into the like ecom affiliate, but into lead genen and scaled with that. And that was a lot easier. Um, it's more of a relationship business and if you're good at ads already and you can talk to people, make connections, it's just about getting those buyers and selling them leads. So, that's the gist of this video and that's the gist of this business foundation. I just wanted to hop on because I've been getting this question so much from people who are crushing it with their ads, especially after learning VSSLs and funnels, but they don't know how to manage what comes with that because they've been at the same scale for years. So this is like an introductory thing of where to start looking. Again, this is not, you know, professional financial advice. This is just the basics, where to get started and it's based on my experience and the people that I know. So, thank you for watching the video. If you want to learn more about this and see me go a lot more in depth on each of these things, do calls with guests, um, do calls with my business partner about payment processing, customer service, fulfillment, etc., Check out the link below this video. My private business community focused on e-commerce and specifically direct response e-commerce. So, if you're already in business, check that out. You could learn a lot about VSSLs and funnels if you're not experienced with them already. All right, see you. >> All right, welcome everybody to the Direct Response podcast. Today we have Kane Smith, a direct response expert. He's going to be our guest. We're going to ask him a bunch of questions. And Kane has some pretty extensive experience in the industry, writing copy and working direct response for Agora, VS Shred, Grant Cardone, and a lot more. He's going to go through his intro himself. He knows it a lot better than I. But Kane, thank you for coming on. It's great to have you here. >> Oh, thank you for having me on, Fernando. Um, so yeah, I've got I've been a copywriter now in the direct response space for a little over five years. Um, I started in 2018 writing content. Um, back when there were content mills. I don't know if they still exist now. I doubt they do because of AI. >> But that's >> Yeah. Um, that's where I got started anyway, writing uh tiny kind of 300word articles on on a content mill site. And then I got into direct response round about 2020. Um, as you can tell, I'm from I'm from the UK. here in the UK like there isn't really much of a direct response scene. So like um British people tend to respond to a very different kind of advertising to what we tend to see in the United States. Tends to be very brand driven, a lot of humor, um clever ads rather than clear ads and stuff. And I never really kind of jelled with the British um copyrightiting scene. But with all the stuff I was studying, I read all the classic books, you know, Schwarz, Halbert, Hopkins, and all that stuff. And I thought that's the stuff I want to do, the long form direct response, the what I call the American style of advertising. So I started to work with um I guess you would call them like Clickfunnels entrepreneurs. So people who were like coaches, course creators, selling information products um usually by through a ClickFunnels funnel. Um they were the first direct response gigs I picked up. Then I got an in-house um job. Like I was I was fully in-house an Agora division here in Britain in London. Uh learned an absolute ton. Like in the year I was there. I was I was there for one year. I learned more in a year than I had done in like the three years previous. >> Um and from there I wor with Grant Cardone on his team for two years as his senior copywriter. Um still see some of my offers running now on Facebook which is nice to see. Um, and yeah, like work with a lot of the big boys across quite a few niches. So, um, you know, high ticket courses, um, health and supplements, stuff like that. Uh, I've worked in all the markets. >> Amazing. And were you writing mostly VSSLs when you got, you know, higher up in your expertise and your experience? >> That's what I graduated to. Um, um, initially it was a lot of email work, especially when I was cutting my teeth. um kind of medium length sales pages, emails, ads, and then eventually, yeah, I got to the point where I graduated to writing um VSSLs and and kind of putting full offers together. So, usually be a case of working with the offer owners to figure out what the offer would be um especially in info where you can have an input and even create some of the info uh bonuses yourself for example in the offer. And then yeah, writing the VSSL, all the figuring out all the upsell and down cell flow and writing full packs basically. Um, that's eventually what I started doing. >> Amazing. So you have a pretty thorough understanding of the whole the whole offer process, right? The ads, the funnel, probably some backend stuff as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. And that was one of the benefits of working with these big companies because, you know, they had really experienced copywriters, copy chiefs, marketers, um, who were kind of pumping through these campaigns every month, you know, was it's they're just kind of offer machines, their offer factories. And you would learn from these guys on on how to assemble, what would go into a good offer, um, how to structure it, how, you know, what kind of offer would do well in upsell number one versus upsell number two and all that. So it was a real education on strategy as well as you know kind of the fingers on keyboard >> right copyright stuff >> right >> amazing so that actually leads me to something I want to talk about which is as you know most of the audience is brand owners founders e-commerce guys and supplement guys so I think what would be very helpful for them is to learn a lot more about the offer structuring um and and what is exactly what you just described the strategy behind putting together the offer the whole flow so if you can just go in uh and tell tell us about that. You know, maybe starting from a top down view, what are the main things you look for when you're putting together together an offer? >> Yeah, sure. Sure. So, um, obviously when when you're putting together an offer, a lot of people just kind of think about the core product that's being sold on the front. They see that as the offer and then the kind of the upsells are almost like afterthoughts to kind of bump up the AOV. And the way I think of it is, you know, you've got a customer, you've got an avatar who um is struggling with usually like a series of problems or if they have one main problem, um solving that will unlock further problems down the line. Uh because solutions end up creating their problems of their own. So I I would say take your customer, think of their problem, and then break it into about three or four parts. you know, you only need to solve one of these little problems and and do them sequentially. Um, so for an example, you know, a lot of people might sell if you if you're selling a supplement on the front, okay, for um gut health, for instance. Okay. Um the the most obvious upsell to make would be to sell them um more of the same. um you know if someone's bought a three-month package they might appreciate an awesome deal on another three months that beats you know like the six month offer they sold previously. So that's like the next logical step like you're going to want more of this. Um then at that point if you think of say something like someone who's suffering with gut health problems maybe the core product targets um you know digestive symptoms um so you've promised like less gas less bloating but then you think someone who's got poor gut health you know they might be suffering with like brain fog due to you know like the gut brain axis uh low energy you know the gut effects all these things. So then you would solve that next problem in the cycle and you'd be like right okay the bleeding neck problem which is the bloating the gas you know um the the discomfort um looking you know like with a having a bloated belly in the mirror and and not looking good and feeling paranoid about it. That's the bleeding neck problem you solve on the front. But then the next problems you could solve after would be oh and you know like here's like um a supplement for brain function you know like a cognitive supplement in the upsell path to address like the brain fog that people with gut health >> you think of the offer as you know not just the ma the offer is almost a separate thing from in which the main problem is just one aspect right and then you have secondary problems you can build products all around that and then I mean I've seen oftentimes the secondary products end up contributing even more to the AOV than the main Right. Than the hero product. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean I mean there's obviously a very kind of obvious economic um strategy to it as well. Yeah. To to kind of increase the AOB. That that's that's the main reason, but it it the the strategy behind kind of which product to place and where in the flow and how to price it and stuff. That's where you have to think of it more as a customer journey. um rather than I've seen some guys who literally tack on upsells like their cross cells, you know, like what other SKs have I got lying around and just kind of lump stuff in and that yeah, that's definitely not the way you want to structure an upsell flow. It won't convert very well. Now, I have so there's one thing I've noticed. So, you've been in info and you've been in supplements, physical products. I've noticed that when it comes to info, the offers are often more complex. So, they'll have like multiple different courses or multiple different calls or something in there like it's a big bundle. Whereas in physical products or supplements, it's usually very direct, very clear, one main thing that they're selling on the front end. Yeah. Have you seen the same thing? And why do you think that is that in info they can go so much deeper in having so many more aspects of the front-end offer, whereas it's the opposite when it comes to physical? You're right. That's true. Yeah, there's a there's um there's a lot of there's a more a broader variety of of products and offers you can make in the info space. I think it's because um the problems that an info product solves tends to be less um tangible. So like there are very there are lots of different ways of solving those problems because they're less tangible problems. Um so you can be a lot more creative with how you package the information. You know whether you got to do in-person events and retreats, whether it's um masterminds, coaching programs, courses, books, um monthly newsletter subscriptions. there's there's loads of stuff you can do. Um but I tend to find with with info there's quite there tends to be quite um a logical ladder to that as well. So um the stuff that requires like high energy to consume for example a book that you might sell as as as the front end um you can kind of keep ramping it up a notch in the upsell. So someone who's had a book, I don't know, like first of all, you'd probably bump them an audio version of the book on the order form, but then that person might find consuming a video course on the same material like a lot quicker and easier. So you might upsell them to the course. Then it's like, hey, you know, like maybe you need help implementing all this. And then they get sold into coaching where they kind of get the handheld and it start there's bigger and bigger offers that tend to be more higher priced that involve a higher degree of access and implementation from the coach or the guru who's who's typically kind of being the face of the offer and selling it, >> right? Yeah, that's a very interesting that makes a lot of sense because the problem is a lot more general. So you can address it in a million different ways. Whereas with the physical product, it's very usually very specific, right? It's like one health problem or one pain problem or something very precise. So that makes a lot of sense to me. >> Yeah, that's right. I mean, and just to kind of round that off, like in physical um products, you could do it potentially like say if you were selling a supplement, you could maybe then sell um a super strength version of the supplement with a much higher dosage, which you know kind of ramps it up, but you're very limited. Yeah. With physical products. um into solving that same problem in in these yeah various ways >> and I think that's why it comes in as you said that you have to address some of the secondary problems that's a much easier way to structure the upsells right rather than more products for the same problem. >> Yeah that's right. Yeah. Just think of it as a customer journey. You know there's a there's a certain element of sophistication to it. But if if you've done all the research then you'll know the customer's journey anyway. You'll know what it is. >> Absolutely. Some of these guys are not doing their research Kane. they just want to make that. But that leads me into the the next question is that a lot of ecom founders and supplement guys that I talked to are very talented and skilled when it comes to the operations side and they've been running ads for years. But I don't know how much you know about the e-commerce industry, but it didn't get super sophisticated when it came to copywriting and direct response until kind of recently when everyone started using the VSSLs on a large scale, maybe a year and a half, two years ago. So now a lot of these guys want to get really good at copywriting, really good at direct response because they see it's a big leverage point. So I wanted to ask you based on your experience working with, you know, probably some of the best copywriters in the industry, what did they do to help you, you know, get to the next level? Was it the copy chief? Like what was the biggest benefit thing that you experienced that took you to the next level? >> Yeah, good question. Um, I would say it was learning about ideas and learning that the idea is king. Um, so there's there's the saying, isn't there the it was it attributed to Abraham Lincoln? Is it um give me six hours to cut down a tree and I'll spend, you know, is it five hours sharpening my ax? >> Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. >> So that's what I was taught in the sense that yeah, you do all your research on on the customer on on the product on the market in general. take a look at competitors and see what they're doing, but then take the time to to go slow, like almost kind of go go slow to go fast with the idea. Um, you know, how is this idea really grabbing someone by the throat? Um, what are you actually trying to say? Like map your message out. There needs to be a theme. You know, you probably heard of the big idea, this this golden thread, this one idea that your promotion needs to kind of transmit to the viewer that just um, you know, will will not let them go. So I was kind of taught to put a lot of time and effort into researching the idea and coming up with the idea and stress testing it. So like at the biggest companies, you know, you might have a very experienced copy chief whose job is just to kind of sift through ideas and he's saying no to so many ideas um because he he's he's got his ear like finely tuned for an idea that he thinks will hit. Um and you you're bouncing off each other. you know, there's there's typically teams of copywriters who are all sharing ideas and and you're helping um each other sharpen up your ideas. Now, obviously, if you're not working as a copywriter, doing client work for people, and certainly if you're not working in an in-house team where you can get together and do these kind of things, you know, joining communities where you're all kind of trading scripts and and reading through each other's copy, whether you're doing it live or whether you're just posting copy in the group and and asking one of the more experienced copyrighters to cast an eye over it and drop some comments in. Um, this kind of peer review um is really important. And yeah, like going to someone who's who's been there and done it um and ask them for their opinion on the strength of your idea because if the idea is not good, you know, you can come up with a great mechanism and you can kind of um dot the eyes and cross the tees and all all the lines of copy, but it's just not going to stand. It's not going to hit. >> Okay, that's actually very valuable. So, it's almost like it's top down, right? like the the number one thing is the idea and then everything flows naturally from that and I guess the copy is almost like the final level. That's been my experience as well that the actual wording is the last thing you do once you have all the structure mapped out. >> 100%. Yeah. And and AI's taking care of a lot of that anyway. You know, like Claude is great. Like if you have your idea dialed in and you've got all your structure planned out and you've you've kind of set up a cloud project with loads of swipes and really good resources, it can spit out like a draft that's about 70% done right out the gate and it sounds really good. So that's I was going to go into that next. So I mean we all know that AI is just becoming better and better with every new model that comes out and excuse me Jesus. So, it's getting much better at writing and I think that in the future, you know, I it's a matter of time before it takes over writing copy, but there's still some things that it's struggling to do. And specifically, I think when it comes to ideiation. So, I mean, tell me if you agree, but I think that for these founders who are watching and who are, you know, paying close attention to AI and they're thinking, is it even, you know, what do I do with when it comes to the copyrightiting side? I think that there's a case to be made that you can use AI to write that copy, to write that first draft, and then have just a copy chief, but your main job as the creative strategist, the CMO, you know, that that marketing role is to go top down, is to come with the idea. And that's kind of your biggest leverage thing. That's the 8020 of the VSSL is the big idea. I've had that experience plenty of times that when the big idea is strong, even pretty mediocre copy can work. But when the big idea is is weak and it just doesn't resonate, it doesn't matter how good the copy is, it's not going to really it's not going to convert. So do you think that Yeah. How do you see that the role of the the leader of the business or the marketing side of the business shifting with AI? Do they go more towards ideas? You know, how's it going to be? I honestly think um I call it like the ideas economy. Um that's the way I so I agree with everything you've said. I think that's definitely the way it's going. And funnily enough, Fernando, like in terms of me kind of getting started in ecom and and and looking to launch my own brand, it's mainly because I see there's almost like an arbitrage opportunity there >> where I think if you're like if you're good on the copy side, >> um like you're a good ideas person. You'll be an ideas machine and you'll be very discerning with the ideas that you choose to pursue. And I think that's a big competitive advantage in ecom, in any industry really, not necessarily just ecom because sooner or later the guys are all going to be able to use the same tools and and copy will just be kind of punched out with the push of a button. But yeah, you need someone hovering over it who's saying, "No, we're not going to write that script because the idea is not good enough. No, we're not going to pursue that offer. It's it's not the right fit for this market." You know, it's the strategist, isn't it? someone there to kind of guide the strategy and make the decisions and focus and say no no no to things and say yes to the right things and then AI will do all the leg work. Um the good news is for a lot of guy a lot of e-com guys have so much skin in the game from um just like testing so much stuff you know these are guys who kind of learn with with on the job with skin in the game. they might not have had, you know, the traditional copywriting education or um experience of working with bigger companies in house and stuff, but they just get stuck in. They run the ads. They're learning all the time. So, these guys are kind of building up that knowledge and experience and that muscle of knowing what a good idea looks like as well. So, they'll be in prime position to take advantage of it when it when it does end up this way as well, I think. >> Amazing. Yeah. The discernment and pattern recognition as you said. >> Yeah. So, I want to ask you another question now. What are some of your favorite, you know, VSSLs or offers that you've seen that you think are like the top of the top, whether you worked on them or not, just that you've seen in the industry that we can learn from? >> Um, I I mean, I I'll I'll pick some kind of obvious guys first. I I'm a huge fan of, you know, the the Golden Hippo guys and and the Gundry stuff. I mean, the production values are very high, which always makes, you know, them look great, but I I really appreciate the construction of their VSSLs and and the craft that goes in. You know, there um I don't know if it's true. I've heard Craig Clemens still um writes some of those or he has a heavy hand in >> I've heard the same. Yeah. >> Yeah. Like he's Yeah, he's probably the best in the business. So, you you can do a hell of a lot worse than watch the uh the Golden Hippo stuff. Um I think Vshred from about four or five years ago the VSSLs they were producing were terrific. If you look at like the old Burn and Turmeric VSSLs, they're real master classes. um you know they followed a different model in in recent years where where the long form stuff hasn't been um as prevailent but um their PSLs I admire a lot and going outside of health you know again I I I started in an info background in bizop and financial publishing and stuff so yeah many of the the great copyright if you read if you watch anything by Stanbury research or or the marketwise groups um fantastic the some of the stuff they're doing is very very cinematic as well. Um, which is again if we've seen how good VL3 is now, I think this is where VSSLs are going to go. Guys in ecom, I think, are going to start producing stuff that's more cinematic because the technology will be there. And if you're looking for like really good um you know for anyone watching this who's interested go and look at the Finn pub guys but especially uh Stanbury research a lot of what they do is uh it has this like cinematic quality to it and you you'll rip some good ideas from it even though it's in a completely different industry. >> Amazing. Yeah, Golden Hippo is really something special. I mean nobody's really been able to to compete with that quality of copy and production. they they are the gold standard, you know. Um, so I I'm always kind of in the at the library looking at what they're running. Um, just to kind >> Have you met Craig Clemens? >> Never met him. Would love to, but no, never met. >> Did you work for Golden Hippo? >> Um, no. I've written um affiliate swipes for their offers. Um, but I I've never worked on any of their fulllength promos. I was part of their in-house team now. >> Understood. Okay. So there. So guys, for you watching, that's uh those are some great options to check out to really study and see this copy in depth. You know, take their watch the VSSL and take the copy, take the transcript and go through it and map out what tactics are they using. And as Kane said, you know, find what are the big ideas here because I I think that that's one of the best ways to break down a VSL is find what's the overarching big idea, what's the big idea of each section, and then because it's it's like you said, Kane, it's a ideas game. It's all just turning ideas into, you know, consumable media. >> That's right. And I think if you really kind of look back through history, it always has been an ideas game. Um, >> but even more so now when it when you know the writing has become so democratized, it's an ideas game more than ever now. >> So tell me, what are you working on now? What are your current ventures that you're excited about? Um, so I'm preparing to launch my first ecom biz. Um, I I I my wife has um an ecom store. She she sells apparel, so I've been kind of helping her with that. But this is like my um first venture in ecom myself. Um I'm going to be selling into the menopause market. Um and I still, you know, I'm still a copyriter for hire. how I pay the bills and how I'll be kind of cash flowing the business in its early growth stage is um you know working I I work with a lot of what I would call traditional clients um you know who need ESL funnels and webinar funnels and stuff like that but um all of it combined keeps me really busy. I'm I'm really I'm really excited though by ecom. Like I said it's why I'm here. I'm delighted to see that direct response has kind of bled in in recent years. It's the thing that's attracted me to e-commerce. The fact that oh, you have direct response skills like you can kind of arbitrage it in this game and use them to go far. So that's why >> Well, it's very exciting and I'm rooting for you to crush it. Hopefully we'll see you in the ads library soon. Um >> hopefully. >> Yeah, I mean that's pretty much all for me. The last question I had is, you know, when it comes to copy, the main thing these guys, these ecom guys are using it for is on the ad side, the cold traffic. Not so much, you know, these on page VSSLs. They're not as long, but they're mostly, you know, five to 15 minutes and they're running in feed on Facebook or or YouTube. Do you have experience writing copy specifically for ads or for VSSL ads, or was it always, you know, getting traffic from email and then bringing them to a VSSL funnel and that's where your focus was? So I have experience of doing both. Um the majority of my experience was in that you know the the latter model of kind of driving traffic from maybe a static ad to an advertorial then to an onpage long form VSSL or um yeah a lot of warm traffic you know emails going out affiliate swipes and stuff driving people to a VSSL. But in the past year, um, I've been writing more and more mini VSSL scripts. And I'm I I love like the whole the game of of piecing together the mouse trap and trying to figure out what's the best structures. So, you know, if you're writing a MIDI VSSL, do you send it to an advertorial then to a PDP or do you send it to a quiz or like there's all these different ways of piecing it together. Um, and I still think a lot of guys are working it out. The main thing, the main difference I would say between writing mini VSSLs and onpage VSSLs is kind of the amount of I would say education that goes into the the mini VSSL where it needs to feel more like a native organic piece of content that someone would see in the Facebook feed where they feel like they're learning something and then like an onpage VSSL >> you're kind of >> really selling the sizzle and it's constant tease and there's less teasing in the mini BSL at least at the start because it has to feel native to the platform and that took a bit that was a bit of a learning curve for me when I was writing them I I was writing them really like >> like a long form DSL shrunk down into like eight minutes and they weren't hitting >> and that's when I thought that's what I'm doing wrong. I'm I'm not giving out enough education uh content style material right at the start and when I started doing that they started working better. Yeah, I think that's one of the biggest differences that I experienced also is that it's not like traditional direct response. There are this there's this nuance to it where it has to be like content. It has to be disarming, you know, you can't be uh using all the tactics and stuff. I tried that as well and those never really perform. >> Yeah. So, this is a curious mix. It's between almost being organic like at the start and then after that initial lead, um you can kind of pivot then into a more traditional format. at least from what I've seen. >> Now, for those who want to who are, you know, just getting into copywriting in a serious way, whether they have a brand or not, or they they own an offer or not, what would you recommend are some of the best ways specifically for this type of copy for e-commerce, for the VSSLs, advertorials, you know, what are some of the best ways they can learn these tactics and these structures and these ideas? Um, I would I mean a lot of the guys from from what I know are constantly actively watching VSSLs, um, looking at other people's ads and stuff. So, I would say, yeah, like getting out there in the wild and breaking them down, you know, rip the scripts and then go through them kind of section by section and chunk them down and really study them and and and see how they work. Like that's the best other other than obviously getting direct feedback and and training from someone. That's the best thing you can do on your own is just look at ads that are out there in the wild and then start writing your own. Um I would suggest and I don't know how many people would want to do this. Don't use claws. Don't use AI. Like write write them the oldfashioned way. So like you kind of know what's going into it and really having to think about what's going into it. I'm a big fan of you get better at writing by writing. Um, you know, there's all kinds of books and courses you can take and some of them are really good, but nothing beats breaking down ads, writing your own and developing that like a muscle. If you could do that daily, you know, like like a sports person will turn up and do the basic drills, you know, >> an hour a day, two hours a day. I think that's what I write every day, seven days a week. Um, you just got to keep doing it. And if if you are if you're not actually doing it for an active offer, just consider it your training. You know, this is your lapse around the pitch. Um, break down an ad, try and write one yourself for a product that you've chosen with the same structure. And try not to rely on AI at the start. Use AI once you've developed the the skill to kind of understand. And I know a lot of people aren't going to want to do that, but I do think it long term it'll give them an advantage. >> Absolutely. Those are the people who will succeed, the ones who are willing to do it. And yeah, so don't you know the common pitfalls that you pointed out, stay away from over consuming these books and stuff and the AI because I think that a lot of people will fall into that trap. Probably already have is is the overindulgence of these books and courses and then just using AI based on this theoretical knowledge and then everything's bombing and nothing's working. I've seen that plenty of times. >> Absolutely. I I've seen people literally just taking whole PDF books on copywriting, classic books, good books and you know they think right put that inside there and then like a a structured document like that is the fastest way of doing it. It's a shortcut but the people who are doing that like they're not learning it like they haven't read the book that they're uploading into >> the tool. So I don't recommend that. So, hands on. Get hands on and get get in the ring and and practice and put your ads out there and put some money behind them and see what happens. >> Definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Get get bruised, get bloody >> 100%. Well, Kane, I appreciate your time. I appreciate everything you shared. Um, thank you for, you know, your expertise giving us these insights. I think it'll be very valuable to a lot of these guys who are not exposed as often to specialists in high level copywriting. So, I appreciate it. Is there anything that you want to share how people can get in touch with you? Um, and what? >> Um, yeah, sure. Um, I don't post on there very much, but that the the social media platform that I was that I at least was most active on is LinkedIn. You you'll find me on there pretty easily, Kane Smith, if you search for me on there. Um, otherwise, I'm I'm one of these underground guys. I I don't really have a flashy website or anything. If people want to get in touch with me, they can email me. It's uh contactsmithcopyriter.com. So if anyone wants to drop me a line um I'm always chatting away to copyriters uh who reach out to me there. >> Amazing. Incognito copywriter. >> Yeah. Uh yeah, quite a few of us. Yeah. Underground don't do the whole kind of content marketing thing usually because we're too busy writing copy. >> Right. I appreciate your time once again and hopefully we'll see you around maybe on another episode one day when you have your >> Awesome, man. I'd love to. It's been good uh being on here. Thank you. >> So, let's dive into the VSSL body. It starts right away with testimonials. They're on the talk show and she's like interviewing these people. This is probably a paid thing, but that's how the VSSL starts and it builds authority and interest right away. This person was 100 pounds overweight. It's demoralizing. They tried other solutions. And so notice they have this is the whole problem buildup, right? I had this big problem. This is the emotion. It was demoralizing. I tried the other solutions. Nothing worked. I tried the restrictive eating. It didn't work. I had a demanding job. So it's just building up this huge tension, this huge problem. That's how we dive in right away. And then immediately we pivot to the dream outcome. And here's me after. So it's like a before and after. It's not the same person. I'm not looking at the same person. Those first two weeks I lost 7 1/2 lb, then 11, then 10. It's been 10 lbs a month. So, it just goes straight from the problem into the dream outcome. This is one of the most effective ways to hook attention. If you can do this in a way that's believable. If your problem and then your dream outcome are extreme with no foundation, it's hard. But in this case, they're on a talk show, so it's definitely believable to see this. And we start with the overwhelming emotions. They're going to negative to positive and adding curiosity of how how she did this. So, the world needs to hear her story. I sat down with her face to face on PBS. So, not CBS, PBS. and then rapid fire benefits, secondary benefits from the dream outcome. So, she's doing the 21-day program. This is building curiosity. We still have no idea what they're talking about, but it's some kind of program. It leads to rapid weight loss and it works for people who are in a deep hole with the problem. The results were immediate. The energy level, the increase was phenomenal. 100 lbs later. Now, was it hard to follow my plan? That's going to be the first objection, right? That comes up. If you're believing in it, you're desiring it. The next question is, does this work for me? And is it going to be possible? Is it hard to do? It's not hard at all. The ease and convenience was perfectly fit into my very busy and demanding life. So even though it's a dialogue, this is really copy. This is all scripted. Um the ease and convenience life. So it's essentially saying the ease and convenience of this can fit into your busy and demanding life. It's sustainable. You look beautiful, incredible. Then we add some proof and weight to the testimonial. Uh her weight loss transformation was so inspiring that women's magazine featured her right on the cover. Again, more proof. Oh, this is what I wanted to mention. So, this is for women, right? The doctor is a woman. The people who are coming on are women. It's weight loss, which is generally women. So, you'll notice it's not as much of the scientific proof side. So, when you're selling hearing aids or you're selling some kind of pain relief product, it's more of a masculine audience and they want information. Weight loss is a completely emotional thing. It's a deeply emotional problem. So, you have to sell to the emotion and in this case with women even more so. So, they're using the social proof, right? because they often times women want to outsource just subconsciously to an authority. So they're having PBS, they have women's magazine, they have a doctor. So it's a lot of these proof elements specific for women. So they know their audience. They're talking specifically to one type of people and it's probably women middle-aged US with weight problems. So a huge market of course and they know who they're talking to and it's all targeted to them. I still can't believe it. I was struggling with my weight for years. If you would have asked this version of me if I'd end up on a national magazine cover, I would have said, "No way." And I'm a cover girl. So, it's, you know, we're bouncing back and forth between how bad her problem was with her weight gain to this dream outcome. And it ties this dream outcome to the success the success of it to the method and the strategy. We're not talking about any product. We're not getting specific, but it's all thanks to Dr. Kelly's strategy. And it also adds reassurance and proof that it'll work for you. So, it worked when nothing else worked. Right now, we're still building it up. We're adding in a lot of these objection handlings and benefits. I'm confident it could work for you, too. It's a journey. I was hitting these brick walls. Drew, I was 450 lb. That's crazy. To get to the point where you don't have a scale to weigh you or you've tried for years to get rid of the excess baggage like Jada. So, we do have a man in there. I needed to lose weight or you want to lose a few pounds, regain your energy, take back your life like I did. So, Dr. Kellyanne herself, just like Gundry, has a personal story with this issue. So, if you know, Gundry was overweight. he had health problems and then he solved it using the solution mechanism that they sell and in the same this is the same thing. So later in the VSSL Dr. Kellyanne explains how she used this method to lose her own weight. My waist was thicker than it had ever been. My hair was thinner. There's no other way of putting it. I was a red hot mess. I needed to take out the trash and get my life back. So as I just mentioned, Stephan, go ahead. >> Yeah. So I had I had a quick question about the the proof elements in this uh VSSLs and just VSSLs in general. I know um a bunch of you guys do drop shipping. How do you guys come up with these authority figures slash like these proof elements if you're running an offer for the first time? >> So, I'll tell you the ethical way to do it, the the right answer, and then I'll tell you the way that you shouldn't do it, you know, but to give all the information. Most people just fake the authority figure. So, you make an avatar with that looks like a doctor and you say, "This is Dr. Brown. He's an expert in the field." Um, and then you have fake testimonials. And then that's what most uh offers do. And then like the right way to do it if you're doing it like Dr. Kellyanne is you find an actual authority figure, a physical therapist like Neuro. It doesn't have to be some famous doctor, but you find someone through LinkedIn usually and you just do outreach. You bring them on for a deal and they're your speaker. So that adds proof right away. And then you for testimonials, you can just do post-purchase request for testimonials in exchange for a gift card or a discount code and and customers will send it to you. And then you can have some freedom on how you frame those testimonials. Another way to do it that's kind of in between. So if you you don't you don't have as big brand or cash flow to hire an authority figure, but you also don't want you want to have some legitimacy to it. You can take studies about the problem or the product, not your specific product, but if you're selling a red light therapy device, you can take scientific studies about red light therapy and use that as proof, right? Because you're validating your mechanism, you're getting proof proof for your mechanism. You can also um you know take success stories of people who have used again the mechanism, not the product itself. So if people have had great success with red light therapy, you can share that. You know, you don't you don't say they did it with our product, but you say this is their success with red light therapy. So you can use testimonials of the mechanism. So those types of studies and testimonials are available on the internet, right? Because these are big mechanisms. Red light therapy, massage therapy, EMS. That's another way to do it. Does that make sense? >> Yeah, it makes sense. >> So the hero suffers from the same problem. She leans it. She learned the secret way. So figure it out and be an example. So yeah, well this is the whole hero's journey. Figure it out yourself and then be an example. So she went to work. You have many pathways in your body, channels and gates, all this stuff. And this time it's showing the 3D animation of the inside of the body. Um it hints at a unique mechanism and underlying root cause. So I lost 15 lbs 4 in in just 3 weeks. I feel better now in my 50s than in my 40s. What did I do? A simple tool. It removes obstacles and it makes the road easier for myself so I can reach my goals. It's a simple plan that fit into my lifestyle. the one thing I could depend on. So, this is what I always call the one thing effect. This is a great type of open loop. This is the one thing that got me to reach my goals. This is the one thing that removed the obstacles. It's builds a huge open loop and it builds a lot of desire cuz think about it. If you're bought into this and you're curious, you have desire. You want to know what the one thing is. Like this is the whole core of what everything's built on. So, it's a very effective open loop. I'm Dr. Kelly. So, this is where the VSSL body begins. So everything above this is the lead and they're swapping this out and they're testing different stuff. Now we get to the VSSL body. Let me just delineate that. So this is what's not going to change. This is going to stay the same. So this is authority figure intro. Dr. Kellyanne, board certified naturopathic doctor specializing in nutrition and weight loss. The last step doc. I see people of every size succeed no matter what their situation, no matter what they've tried before. So this is like really speaking to the target audience because in weight loss they've tried everything. They really are on the last step but like for years and then the doctor comes in and said I could help people no matter what they've tried. So there's a promise and an open loop to draw you in. Every time you give you also want to take attention. So we give information like this is who I am. I'm the authority figure. Then you want to take the attention back with an open loop because if you keep giving you lose them and they're going to just feel bored. You need to but if you keep just bringing them in and they're not getting anything, they're going to lose interest. So, we want to give information about the person and then open the loop. I'll show you the technique. And I'm going to show you the waist slimming technique that worked for me, my patients, my celebrity clients. That's more proof and hundreds of thousands. So, this is all a ton of proof, social proof. Remember Drew? Please welcome the new and improved Pam and Drew. So, how's life different? So, again, testimonial right after a claim. I've helped all these people. Here's an example. I feel like I'm 29. They were able to transform their bodies with the help of weight loss expert Dr. Kellyanne. As you can see from my hair, I've been helping people shed unwanted pounds. My hair big promise disguised as a simple explanation. So, what's the key to losing the weight? And it's framed as an interview. Even though this is all scripted and she her team paid for this, it's framed as an interview on PBS. What's the key to losing the weight? They can ask her and then she can innocently answer. It's a plan that supports you in your goals. Something easy, something that works, something you can lean on. No matter where you are, how you got there, if you're looking for a change, this is your ticket. This is some powerful copy, but you don't have to take my word for it. Um, again, a lot of these testimonials, it's really built in. And the testimonials aren't just I had this problem and I solved it. It goes deep into the emotional, real life side of the problem and then the emotional, real life benefits of solving the problem. So, Kristen was a busy stay-at-home mom. She had three young boys. As she was getting ready for a date with her husband, everything came crashing down. her husband. Oh Jesus. He got sick and he passed away from pneumonia. It was very quick and unexpected. At the time, the twins were seven, so she has little kids. This is an intense story. She got a job as a congressional aid and another blow. Her sons, oh my god. Diagnosed with a potentially life-threatening genetic condition. Well, this is a sad story, but like this is how you want your testimonials to be. Two of them were at risk. They had open heart surgery back toback within a day of each other. So, this is like really a nightmare story. builds tension. This is really bringing attent and women uh really give their attention to crisis. So this is bringing the target audience makes viewers identify with the speaker higher stakes and more need to keep watching. So the stress layer on top of the work layer on top of the grief layer was kind of putting her over the edge and her weight skyrocketed. Like many of us that have been through personal trauma and gained weight, the years passed, but the pounds they stayed on no matter what she did. It's very relatable to this market. She tried all the weight loss stuff, the injections. I had success, but the minute you step away from restrictive eating, it all comes back. Now she's reaching rock bottom. There's nothing working. She's suffering and everything collapses. She got a big wakeup call. The day before her husband, her late husband's birthday, she stopped at a store to buy balloons and then she fell to the ground. She tore her ACL needing surgery. At a rock bottom, the hero discovers the miracle. So, her boys are now grown. They had to take care of her for months. They were faithful. They're helpful. and she wanted to give the kids the gift of a healthy me. So this is like a hero's journey purpose. She started researching and that's when she found Dr. Kellyanne. It was just like an answer to a prayer. So this is like a classic hero's journey. She's going into rock bottom and then she finds the person who's going to help her. And then we leave it off there. Wow. So we leave it off at the cliffhanger. What happens next? We don't know. We're going to switch to a different testimonial. Mother of three boys, oldest son 20. They love bowling. She was 278 pounds. That's pretty big. I couldn't walk far. The feet would hurt. My ankles would hurt. I would get tired. Huffing and puffing. Excuse me for one second. Okay. Um, where were we? She's huffing and puffing. I always have to take a break. She has to withdraw. Instead of having fun with her friends, she canceled trips to see them. So, it's emotional. It's getting into the personal side, lifestyle side. I don't feeling like the big girl of the trip the group. I don't didn't feel like walking on a plane. And people secretly say, "I hope she doesn't have the seat beside me." I'm sorry for laughing, but this is ridiculous. I didn't want to try to squeeze into a seat. I've had that before. When you see someone really big come and there's nothing wrong with that, those kind of people, but you're like, "Fuck, I hope this person is not sitting next to me." Got tired of asking for a seat extender. Hurts your feelings, makes you feel discouraged. Absolutely. In all these testimonials, the hero has tried everything. So, the hero in each testimonial is a different person. And then in the overarching hero's journey, it's Dr. Kellyenne. That's the hero. But in each one, you can notice that it's the same path. She has this horrible problem, all the personal side of it. She's trying other solutions, nothing is working. And then they reach rock bottom. And then we don't see yet what comes after that. But we'll see. Jada had been concerned about her weight since a teen. She tried the diet. She tried Weight Watchers. She tried keto. So everything that the target market believes is an alternative solution. They've already tried it. Trainers, the gym. She was exasperated. Give me a picture of your life now. Well, not not now. In the moment, now like in that point in the story. in one word, slow, sluggish, no energy, no motivation. Mentally, physically, emotionally, it's tough. So, this is really bringing the energy into the into a much more tense energy. So, this is something you don't want to overdo. These testimonials are intense, but you you know, we bounce back afterwards, but this is how you bring attention down. You bring attention in by bringing it down and then bringing it back up. And then you're you're holding their attention for ransom, their emotions, the viewer. I would say that's probably the number one thing that I hear. I wake up and it's like I never went to bed. I'm tired. So many disappointments. She felt frustrated and lost. And this is subtly every testimonial is saying to the viewer, if you're this person, this can happen for you, too. This can work for you, too. Cuz most of the people who are watching this have not been in such an extreme situation as these testimonials. And certainly, they don't think about it in such a vivid negative way. So, this is like this person's worse than you and they succeeded. The solution I'm hinting at can work for you. So, where can I get started? How can I get started? A lot of people want to be up here. I need someone that's going to meet me down here and it can build up. So, she's saying she wants to meet someone who's like down and tried everything and then she wants to help them out. That's why she's the last step doctor. She's the last one that you go to cuz what she has works. It's people like you. I understand where Jada was coming from. When you tried everything, it can feel like you're stuck in a dark tunnel. But I knew I had what I needed. The right tool to bring in the light. The light in the tunnel. Just like Peter Kell likes to say. It's the one thing once again that I like to recommend to everyone. the one thing that won't let you down because it was my lifeline. This is Dr. Kellyanne talking. In my 40s, I was stuck in the dark, gaining weight, didn't feel well. You don't know what to do. You don't know where to turn. It's a really bad place to be. So, up until now, we've just been doing different versions of problem agitation and building up the problem, right? Which simultaneously builds the desire to solve it, but it makes the problem more and more real. The problem that they're feeling that's kind of with them dayto-day, we bring it up to the surface. We make it conscious. That's where we can create desire in them. The only thing that anybody could tell me was, well, you're in your 40s. So, it builds kind of this enemy that, you know, this is just how it is. You're in your 40s. This is what's going to happen. And it calls out the common problems, age or genetics, that doctors would tell her that. It's one solution. So, she tries one solution and it kind of works, but it's not good enough. This is very common. This is how you can start to ease a little bit of that tension. I tried something, it worked a little bit, but it wasn't good enough. Gundry MD has the same pattern. Miami MD has the same pattern. It implies that later you're going to get the full benefits of this one solution without the hassle. This is often what they do. There's this solution works but it's expensive and it's hard. So it's like if you're doing skincare, yeah, I got this clinical red light therapy treatment. It worked pretty well, but it was thousands of dollars and I had to go every month. So you have the desire for the outcome, but but you want to avoid the every all the weight that comes with it. And then later in the VSSL, they're going to say, "Well, we found a way to package it into a product that's cheap, you can use it from home, and you still get the same benefits." So, they got great results on the Paleo diet, a lifestyle based on eating lean meats, vegetables, and healthy fats. The thing is, it can be so strict that it doesn't work for everyone. So, I knew I needed to find a plan, a better plan, a simpler plan that anyone could follow and still eat all the foods. So, this diet stuff can work, but it's too hard to be sustainable and it doesn't work for everyone. They like, the audience likes to hear that, the viewers. My experience made it clear that protein was a good place to start, especially for weight loss. Before you run out and get a bunch of protein bars and shakes, that's not the way to get good protein. So this is also what they do. This is what for example Miami MD or Beverly Hills MD will say like collagen but don't go to the store or Amazon to buy it. That's not the right kind of highowered protein that will help you lose weight. You need the right amount and then you'll shed pounds and keep them off. So this is kind of the solution mechanism. This is part of it. Highowered protein, a special type of protein building up to the core solution with little benefits and solutions. It actually works. It gives you energy. The process removes obstacles. So now we're in the upswing, right? We're on the upper side of the hero's journey. We took them really deep with these really intense testimonials and the problem agitation. Now we're going to bring them out. We're starting to give them hope, benefits, excitement, desire, and we're going to channel all of that onto our product. So, you can imagine we've been on a crazy emotional journey and all of that energy is going to be channeled onto the product creating desire. So, instead of feeling hungry and deprived, we're full and satisfied. How much do I need? Multiply her weight by.36. Average woman weighs 165 lbs. I didn't know that. She need 59.4 grams of protein. She's not talking about bacon and burgers. She's talking about a different a different kind of protein. So again, it's the one thing. I do love a good burgers, but there's one thing. There's a highowered protein that I eat every single day that helps me stay slim with radiant skin. Continues building up this one thing. And that's not all. This thing fuels my tiger energy and helps me sleep. I found it in my research. When I connected the dots, I saw it popping up all over the world. Japan, France, Korea, in the Caribbean. I kept coming coming across this. So this is this one thing. It has this whole backstory. She's seeing it all over the world and it gets all these benefits for you. So this is building a lot of desire. Remember we took them all the way down. This one thing is the light at the end of the tunnel. They said something that perked my ears up. They brought it into hospitals. Why is this not on the table anymore? So it builds up the minor benefits by selling the aspects and the ingredients. So this is definitely something that you can do in your VSSLs. The high power protein, collagen, and glycine. So it's not selling the product. It's not selling the solution. It's selling the things inside of it from a neutral perspective. Just like how Gundry will say, you know, this chemical XYZ can give you energy, can lead to weight loss, can lead to mental clarity. So, he's not selling his product. He's literally just giving you scientific facts, but they're absorbed as benefits and desire and creating desire. So, collagen and glycine, highowered protein, could be the next level, stacking the deck, if you will. Collagen has the benefits of protein. It keeps you satisfied and full while reducing cravings and overeating. It can also perk up tired skin. Then there's glycine, an amino acid that supports your metabolism. Research suggests it stimulates fat loss and it helps you sleep better. Protein, collagen, and glycine together in one golden power food sounded exactly like what this doctor ordered, but I needed to update it to fit our modern lifestyle so that I could help as many people as possible. So, she finds the solution, but it's not perfect yet. This is a similar theme. This is how we keep them in there. So, we're building the desire first for just like the highowered protein. So, you want it, but you know, you want more. Then we have all these ingredients and you want it, but we'll give you more. So that by the time you get to the final product, there's so much desire. I mean, compared that to if we had just introduced the bone broth, you know, way higher up in the VSSL, it would not have as much power. So, first she tested out herself in different ways. One cup a day, two cups a day. This is going to be such an incredible tool for wellness, to restore, to revitalize. She did the trial and error. She handled that all of herself so you don't have to. She found the winning combination. Her waist started to shrink. Her skin was glowing. Her sleep became restful. And best of all, she got that tiger energy back. Let's go. Flood of benefits, building desire and visualization in the viewer. I couldn't believe I was sleeping at night. I couldn't believe the energy I had. The night saved my skin. Like that happened very fast for me. I started feeling like me again, a new and improved version. So, she's getting all these benefits. The hero, she solves it, right? That's the fulcrum, the core of the story. She solves it. Now, she's going to help everyone solves it. So, she had her patients try it. The results were incredible. With the new power food, they were able to number one, reduce hunger, curb cravings, and feel satisfied. So, notice she doesn't say um directly that they were able to lose weight, more secondary benefits, removes obstacles, makes everything easier. She removed the obstacles, so shedding pounds and keeping them off became easier. She's not saying the product will do that for you. It's an indirect benefit. People were loving, and that's important because in the weight loss market, one, it's going to build skepticism if you make direct claims, and two, it's not really compliant. People were loving the added perks, the pep, the smoother skin, the restful slumber. I can't tell you which is the best. Of course, everyone wants to lose weight and look great, but it's a lot to even just have energy in the morning. Again, she's not saying you're going to lose weight. It's indirect. Notice everybody wants to lose weight. It's just a statement, but it's tied to the previous message. So, it's implying you're going to lose weight using this product. It's a lot to be able to sleep through the night. So, the proof elements that hit hard, the body has natural healing mechanism and the solution aligns with that. So this is a very effective way to support. This is another type of proof by the way. When you give your body what it really needs, it's against natural law for you not to become transformed. So when you connect your solution to something they already know and accept and believe, you take the credibility from what they already know and you attach it to your product. So everyone knows that you know the body has its natural process and it works well. So you can fix it using our product and then you know the two come together and you get the benefit from it. So it's not putting all the pressure on look our product is so good. It's saying well it works well because your body is so good and it brings out the best in your body. So I like to make this is how I like to do my claims and my BSLs explaining how it enhances the natural abilities of the body. So a large study in three cities. These women are from all different areas of life, different chemical makeups, different mindsets, and it's working for everyone. That's when I knew I knew I knew I knew this was going to be something far greater than I realized. So now we're really getting to it. We're getting to the product. I couldn't keep this life-changing information to myself. So, she found it. She resolved her problem. And now, she wants to share it with the world. And that's her purpose, right? There's always a per. She's not here to sell you a product. She's here to share the life-changing information cuz to not do so would feel unethical. So, more proven credibility building before we make the offer in the pitch. So, I got to work. I wrote a New York Times bestselling book, and I'm glad I did it. My program was a game changer. It was just what people like Kristen needed. The thing I had been searching for was all of a sudden there. It was the epiphany and a deep place of gratitude. This is like the celebration of resolving the problem. She got what she wanted and now she's going to give it to the world. So, we're taking them through the whole emotional journey. It's like literally everything you're looking for all in one place. This is like the miracle. More testimonials. So, now we're going to resolve. Remember, we left a lot of those testimonials off on cliffhers where the women were just in rock bottom. Now, we're going to resolve it. So, Kristen, I believe this is the one who tore her ACL. She felt the effects immediately. She lost 7 12 lb, then 13 lb, then 11 12, then 10. Essentially been 10 lbs a month. And isn't it great? Because it's not just about taking anything away. It's about adding something. So, it's taking away that skepticism. Am I going to have to restrict myself? Do I have to give anything up? No. Do your thing. Just add this in and it's going to work. Within 3 months, she lost over 50 lbs. Emotional power of the benefits. She can't. And now she's going to speak. I cannot find the words to tell you how I feel. I'm sorry. I teared up a little bit. People will say, "Great, good, wonderful." But it's more than that. You know, I feel refreshed. I feel amazing. So now just as bad as it was on the way down, that's how good is it's going to be on the way back up. It's not just the weight loss. It's not just the the last anymore. Not having to ask for a belt extender. That's tough. But instead of clicking my seat belt, I'm more confident. I'm more comfortable. You look gorgeous. That was just the beginning. Wait till you hear how many more pounds Jada and Kristen have dropped. And don't think for a minute they're alone. I lost over 25 lbs. I lost 26 lb. I'm down. So it's it's it's flashing different testimonials. Be 72 next month. that I feel better than I did at 16. Word of my highpowered protein spread and top news shows like Good Morning America wanted to know more. So now she's another, you know, talk show. She's doing all of this through testimonials and talk shows and interviews. Detoxify, nourish, restore your body. Helps you become what I call a natural fat burner. This is great for cravings and crashes. I've been seen I've seen changes. Unbelievable. Using my techniques, hundreds of thousands have uncovered their sexy figure, their radiant skin, and their vibrant energy. I've seen people from all walks of life shed pounds and keep them off. The key is this proteinrich liquid gold. This is the one thing, the one big thing, and we're about to get access to it. It's an ancient superfood. It's updated and reimagined to fit the modern time. It's her life's work and her commitment to you. My homestyle bone broth, a natural premium whole food that helps trim down, refresh, and restore. So, her book became a huge hit. She drank collagen every day. I'm a huge bone broth lover. I'm double fisting it to Hollywood's A-listers like Salah, Gwennneth Paltro, and Haley Barry. It's not just ladies. Mark Wahberg, Ryan Serest, Mario Lopez. I mean, think about the middle-aged women who are watching this. They know these names big time. This is like this is their thing. This is their world. She's the bone broth queen. And they're all drinking bone broth to help them look smoking hot. So, all of that tension, all of that, you know, dark negative energy is now being resolved in and focused on this one thing, bone broth. So, this is a huge amount of psychological energy that's being focused onto this. She found a shortcut. She can have it ready in just minutes. But, let's back up. What makes bone broth so special? So, now we're building it up. The kind of the unique mechanism in this case, the unique, what's unique, what's special, what's exclusive about this is how it's made. This is similar to if you're familiar with Dr. Marty's Pets. It's not just pet food made from, you know, meats and vegetables. They make it in a specific way. They freeze dry it. They cold cut it. whatever it is that you can't get anywhere else because they don't want to build up all these benefits just to have you go on Amazon and say, "Oh, I have all these benefits and desire. I'm going to give it to this company." They want to be the only one who can give them to you. So, they extract the proteins, everything that needs to be slimmed down. The bones with vegetables, apple cider vinegar, 18 hours, magic happens. The nutritional nuggets locked inside the bones are released naturally infusing the liquid. When it's done cooking, you strain it. My homestyle upgrade elevates it to a new level. So, it's unique to her. There's no need for the hard work of labor intense bone broth making. I partnered with the world's leading nutritional scientists to do the heavy lifting for you. So, it's complex, it's weird, you don't know how to do it, but I did it for you with the top people in the world. We source the absolute best top tier ingredients so you don't need to run from store to store or even stand in line. We took the time to slow simmer the cage-free chicken. So, it's just going super in-depth on this process to build up the perceived value and the perceived complexity of it and seasoned it with mouthwatering aromatics, the Croatian mushrooms and turmeric. Okay, I'm not going to go through this is like really Okay. >> Hey, I have a quick question. Um, what is sort of the thought process behind a 30 minute infeed VSSL? Is it basically I I feel like is it the market is so sophisticated that they need to they need to this long or is it just a strategy that certain brands use um or test? >> That's a great question. Let me just finish doing the review. We're almost done and then I'll get I'll get to that after so we don't have to go back and forth. But that's a good question. All right. So, we crafted the bone broth to be an on the-go power food. You can literally put it in your purse. >> Your purse. Put it back pocket. Be discreet. You're sneaking some bone broth into the movie theater. Everyone don't have to know your business. Back to benefits. Promises. Testimonials. So, I'm kind of going to go through a little bit faster here cuz we're pretty much getting to the end of it. This is just looping these benefits and this desire. I want to get to where she makes the offer. Energy boost. So again, energy boost, energize, radiant skin, restful sleep, boost metabolism. Another testimonial to back it all up. She's down 55 lb. She started at 284. So now we begin the close. So I'm all about removing obstacles, making life easier. I made sure my team negotiated down the cost to as little as possible. And even though a 3we supply of this liquid gold is valued at $400, to make it easier for you, we're going to eat into our profits and give our generous savings of 50%. So price anchors at $400 and we're going to drop it down. $178 will get you everything you need for three whole weeks. Click the button below and experience for yourself how much better life can be. Twice a day, enjoy all the benefits. And for any order made today, excuse me, throw in an incredible free thank you gift, her ecourse. Okay, I was miserable before. I'm so much happier now. I wouldn't drink that stuff. And I So, this is talking bone broths. Don't measure up. Just read their ingredients cuz imitations are everywhere. It's tons of sodium, MSG, nasty chemicals. I would never drink it or recommend it. So, it's telling you don't go anywhere else. This is the only one. It's not bone broth that works. It's my bone broth. This is important to do when you're selling some kind of commoditized product and you don't want them to go to Amazon or go somewhere else. I rely on prem premium foods. Urgency scarcity. It's in high demand. We're trying to keep in keep it in stock. You need to hurry or else you're going to be disappointed. So, if you don't want to be stuck waiting, order now. You'll get my top shelf bone broth, etc., etc. Go try it. Go, try it. You haven't lose but the weight. There's nothing to wait. I feel incredibly blessed. I'm losing 10 lbs a month. Another testimonial, you know, seven 7 months into this, 8 into this, and she's losing 10 lbs a month. It's so amazing to be able to tell someone with confidence that it will work, it will work for them. That's how I first heard about Kristen. She was sharing her story on our everyday DKA everyday Facebook page. Dr. Kellyanne everyday Facebook page. I now know it's all within my power. I have the knowledge and the tools. So now it's ending on a very positive note. It's telling it's putting it on the viewer. So it's the negative, the positive story, and now we're going to put it all on you. It'll work for you. You have no risk. You can buy now. You need to hurry. It's all on the viewer. That is how we turn I remember I said we channel the desire onto the product onto the action the direct response we're looking for. This is how we do it. We turn it into onto the viewer during the close. This is why your clothes is so important. You need to have one no matter if it's short or long. Um you need to have some type of clothes cuz without that you don't channel it. It's just a compelling message. You took them on an emotional journey. But you're not going to get that action without a close. Kristen lost 100 lbs on her own using bone broth and finding support in the community. She's read so much in the Facebook group. She even gives you an email to give a little bit of reassurance. And then there's a final powerful closing emotional sentence. Many times people, they get stuck. And you, you're a a person who refuses to be stuck. So notice we never said you up until the close. Now it's all about you. Before it was about these other women, Dr. Kelly, now it's all about you. You're a person who refuses to be stuck. I can tell you're here, aren't you? I'm giving you the wind. You need to fly. Seize this moment. It's your turn. Like, let's get it done. You got this. Here's my big Italian kiss, Gabella. And that, my friends, is the end of this extraordinary roller coaster of a journey. So, that is so funny. I hope you guys enjoyed that. So, that's a amazing VSSL. This is like top level copy. These people are super super [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good at what they do. This offer is probably done 9 figures. It's been around for years. They're doing probably seven figures a month and they're crushing it. And it's because this copy is just so good. I mean, the product is unique and the mechanisms are cool. like it's bone broth for weight loss, but this copy is is insane. You can see when I break down this VSSL compared to like, you know, some e-commerce drop shipping product. It's a different world. This is a different This is like the ML, what is it called? The MLB, the NBA. This is like the world superstar level of VSSLs. So, now I'll do the questions, questions and answers. I'll start with Stephan's question. Why a 30-minute VSSL? And why is it so intricate and so complex and so deep? Because it's a very sophisticated market. There would be no way to sell this product to cold traffic with just a short ad or UGC or something like that. There's just not enough convincing done there. If you want to do a direct response where you're profitably where you're cold traffic profitable, you need to be able to convert people from cold traffic for weight loss, which is like the hardest thing to do. Yeah, she needs to this whole journey I just described, they need to take the customer on this entire journey to get them to buy to make this profitable. Whereas in e-commerce, it's not as sophisticated, right? So, I can go on cold traffic with my fiveminute VSSL with simple mechanisms and a simple story and get them to convert would never work in this market. You'd be extremely unprofitable. So, the short answer is yes. It's because the market is very aware, very sophisticated, and it takes a lot to get them to convert. All right, everybody. Welcome to the direct response podcast. On today's show, we have Brandon Bardwell, our special guest. He is a e-commerce founder and operator. He has a few years of experience, done a few million dollars in sales, and he really knows what's up when it comes to e-commerce. Um, so Brandon, please give us an introduction. Tell us, you know, some things we don't know about you, and and we'll take it away. >> Yeah, thanks, man. Thanks for having me. It's cool. Um, I don't know. So, like the 30,000 foot view of me, the LinkedIn bio. Uh, I started in with drop shipping ecom in 2018, but didn't have any like real significant success until 2020 when I had my first like legit offer that went well. I had a real competitive advantage then because I was using the three-step funnel we all know like way back then >> and everybody and their dog >> uses that funnel now, but then it was >> Sorry to interrupt. This was 2020 that you started using it. >> Yes. Yep. >> Wow. So, you've been at it for a long time. >> Yeah. Yeah. I actually my minor claim to fame is like some of the elements that like everybody recycles that like a couple of sections from like the neuro template and stuff are things that I made in ClickFunnels way back in the day, which is cool. They're obviously way better than what I made now. But, um, yeah. So, that was 2020. Did well. I've had like three major offers that did well that I scaled to between 100 and my best was like 450k a month volume. So >> amazing. So you're pretty experienced with funnels and direct response. Now when it comes to the advertisements you were doing, were you doing the VSSL ads or was it just the funnel that was advanced? >> No. So the VSSLs and really like leaning hard into a lot of the DR stuff at least from the advertising perspective is new to me. So I really dug into that and VSSLs in particular at the very end of last year and this year. So those old ads from whatever the range is 20 to 23 were more of like the drop shipping as seen on TV payday solution UGC style. >> Understood. And what niches were you focused on? Was there a pattern? Is there a specific one you like the most? Yeah, my first breakthrough was in I call it beauty, but really it's kind of like a hybrid between like women's fitness and beauty and that's what worked for me and I just kind of stuck with it. >> Mhm. >> So >> like women's aesthetics. >> Yeah, pretty much. >> Got it. And I mean do I mean sure you have experience in other niches as well. Do you find there's a difference between that niche and something like pain relief, health, supplements? Is there any anything that sticks out to you when selling to women, you know, women's beauty, women's aesthetics? >> Yeah, for sure. I think that like as a general principle, once you start to understand sophistication, like that really I think is the key to translating between different niches, offers, any of it. Because if you get the sophistication part wrong, everything else can be right, but it doesn't work. >> Yeah. >> At least from my experience. Yeah, I have the same experience. That's like the biggest thing to look out for because that's that's the starting point of everything. >> So, you said you got into VSSLs towards the end of last year. And why what made you get into it? Uh what attracted you to it? Why did you believe it was a good idea to go into it? >> Yeah. So, I had this there was a repeating pattern with all of the offers that I ran and and made some volume with. So, I had this cycle basically. I realized that like it was always find an off a winning product or winning offer, which I don't know about the term anymore, but it's uh I would do that. I'd find something that worked. I would scale it super hard and then it would die, you know, and I'd have to start all over. And we can get into the specifics of that and what it looked like, but I was really tired of feeling like I had no direct control over whether or not a product or offer worked. It was basically just like everyone was a lottery ticket and you just try as much as you possibly could to try find something that won. And I was sick of Yeah, I I can definitely relate to that and I think everyone who's done e-commerce, certainly outside of the VSSL game, has had that same experience because you have very little control because you have very little understanding, right, of what goes into the ad. And that brings up my next point is when you started to get into the direct response game specifically for VSSLs, I mean, I know you were into it before. What did you do to learn VSSLs to get really good at them to just become, you know, the master that you are today? masker is a bit of a stretch, but really I mean not to shamelessly plug, but like your school group is super helpful because I think that I think one danger when trying to learn VSSLs or any direct response period is like what I've generally found is the people who are the best in the world really kind of fall in love with copywriting where like they love the art form of it, which is great >> and it's it's fun. I share that to some degree, but like often they get kind of lost in the sauce, right? Where it's like they go so deep into all these principles and structures and formats and templates and it's like ultimately the reason that we do this is to make money. Yeah. >> To persuade people to purchase something. >> And a lot of highle copywriters aren't business ownersh. So you are great or were great for me to learn from because you approach it from like we're doing this to get sales for our products. >> Yeah, it's more practical, right? It's a little more grounded. >> Well, I appreciate the endorsement. Um that is very good to hear and I had that that same experience because yeah, I I love it as well. I love the game. It's a lot of fun. But yeah, it's in in the context of business is what gives it value. So, I had the same experience talking to and learning from a lot of the really talented guys who were granted super good at what they do, but it wasn't grounded in business. It was just copy for the sake of copy. So, that makes a lot of sense to me. That's kind of why I asked because that's the crap a lot of people get into. And so, now we're in a new age where pretty much every serious brand or offer is running VSSLs, is running the three-step funnel. So, we all have kind of the same very similar economics, especially in the same niches. So, what do you think? Because of course, that's not sustainable, right? It's not like VSSLs are going to be super profitable forever. It's a matter of what the market's doing. What do you think is going to be the next thing? What do you think is going to be the next differentiator that can get you into a better position in the auction? >> H, that's a really good question and it's something I've thought about somewhat. Uh, we'll see whether or not this is accurate, but like I think that I think we're going to go through a really weird transitionary period where there we can't trust anything and that's going to be really difficult to navigate and figure out from a business perspective but also like society because you have >> just to clarify you mean that the consumers the viewers of the ads because of AI won't know what is real and what is >> correct. So, like my my knee-jerk reaction to that is like more authentic like human driven advertising, but I think that with AI video, I think like in the micro that'll probably be it where it's like a lot of honest endorsement that seems authentic by somebody who looks like they purchased the product and had a good experience. But a step further, I think that it's going to be so easy to make fake ones that you can't tell the difference between. >> That it's going to get weird. And really, I think that like the people who figure out what to do and how to differentiate after that are really going to take the cake. >> Yeah. I think it's a case of it's kind of hard to predict, right? Because these changes are usually the ones that nobody can predict. So, I'm I'm in the same boat. I don't really know what it's going to be. I'm just trying to do the best that I can to stay ahead. But that brings me to the next topic, which is something that you're pretty well verssed in, which is AI. So, there's so many use cases for AI as it applies to our business because there's so many different aspects to it. There's the video side, the image side, you know, the graphics, the copy, the scripts. Where are you right now using AI the most? And where are you seeing it have the biggest like 8020 impact? Definitely for copywriting and visuals, right? So AI, video production, clips, B-roll, hooks, you know, and then writing the copy itself. But you you have to be I think that's what everybody else is doing. So you have to be tactical and use the tools in a very specific way to get a good output. So, I want to go into those two one by one, the the copy side and the visual side because I think they're both huge and I think it's like a whole revolution happening in in marketing. The quantity of creative production is just insane what's possible now. So, let's start with the copy side. I like what you said that it's becoming I mean it's completely available to everyone, right? And it's very low cost. So it comes down to how are you prompting it and what are you what is what is your input right to get out of it and I found that you know the better I can make the templates the structures my instructions the better results it's giving me so I have VSSLs that are pure AI that are winning I'm sure you have the same whereas other people struggle to get good quality anything from it so when it comes to that how do you approach that how do you make it so that it the responses that AI is giving you are you know unique to you in a way have your quality imbued in them. >> Yeah. So they I think it's a matter of if you understand a little bit under the hood of how an AI works and this is a layman's understanding. I'm not a a computer engineer. >> Well, your layman's understanding is probably like an expert for us >> maybe. >> Yeah. So AI really, it's very sophisticated and it feels like it's intelligent and we're so used to prompting it with language. Like that's the beauty of it, but that's not how AI works underneath. It's still a program, right? And so the best results that I have are by speaking to it and giving it instructions in a more mathematical way that looks more like code rather than uh lang instructions based in human language. >> So it's less of a conversation and more like a programming almost. >> Yeah. Yeah. And you just rather than a formula for a probability statistic or something like you swap the variables are pieces of copy or elements that you want to emulate. Mhm. >> And are you having your So are you finding use in AI writing everything you know how much is it responsible for? Are you giving it the template? Are you giving it the copy blocks, you know, the sections to write? Or are you just, you know, giving it a little bit more room to roam? >> Um, it depends. Overall, I would say that it's probably 90% AI, but the last 10% are very important. like the big >> it's really really easy for AI to lose the thread and like the context gets lost so it can follow a template but write it in the wrong way and the highlevel ideas still need to come from a person in my experience >> so I agree and and what are those main ideas for you for me it's like the mechanisms the big problem you know the kind of underlying premises those big elements that I need to give What about for you? What are those things that you know that you need to provide? >> Yeah, I see it the same way. So, it's u it's the big ones in direct response. So, it's generally like a description of your product that's accurate. It's the UMP. It's the metaphors are big too. I've noticed it's not great at generating metaphors that make sense. And then positioning kind of like if you want to include an offer in your VSSL like a you know buy two get one discount percentages whatever those need to be explicitly stated in my experience. >> And it's funny you say that about the metaphors because I've had the same issue. I have to provide it with the metaphors because that's one thing that it struggles with and I think you're referring to when you >> want to create a visualization of the one of the mechanisms or the underlying functioning of the problem problem or the situation >> you know it's very useful to have a metaphor and I've had the same experience now on the visual side moving on to that are you using it to create avatars are you using it for voice are you using it for hooks and leads for B-roll scenes what do you what do you like it for >> yeah so all of I think well yeah now 100% of the audio the voiceovers are all AI. I've actually split test paying a creator pretty heavily and I've found that on average that performs worse which was a surprise to me. >> Yeah, >> but it's nice for the economics I suppose. >> And the the visuals are interesting. Just this week actually, I made an automation to really really quickly generate a whole video's worth of AI B-roll >> in just a couple minutes. But I haven't had those produced and tested. I don't I'm I'm guessing that uh not making it 100% AI generated is going to be like a 5050 8020 split or whatever is going to be the ticket. what else? That's that covers it really. I mean, it's the it's we >> leads in to a next question I have which I forgot to ask for the copy side, but what are your favorite tools? Right. I'm sure a lot of people are wondering, everyone's always asking because there's new ones all the time and there's new models coming out. What do you like for copy and then what do you like for for your visuals? >> Creative writing, I find quad is the best generally speaking. For research, I prefer chat GPT. So if I want to get a bunch of data for my UMPs,'s whatever I use chat GPT for that. Use claude generally for the writing. Grock is actually pretty good. I've recently discovered if you want to generate prompts. So if you want to make prompts for other tasks, Grock is pretty solid. And the image and video gen honestly changes so much. Like we started with >> Luma and used Flux and then Midjourney had a little bit of time. >> I don't know. Right now we're actually using Imagine 4 a lot for the images because it's pretty affordable through the API if you want to do an automation. >> The results are are solid. And then video for like bulk tasks is actually um forget what it's called. Seed Dance, Bite Dance, the Tik Tok >> generator one. >> Yeah, Bite Dance is the company. >> Yeah. And then if we need like a really accurate realistic one, it's V3. If we want some specific like kind of weird, like we're trying to make a visual demonstration of a metaphor, right? Cling gets a lot of use also. >> Okay. So, you're using a variety of different tools. >> Yeah. With Yes. And I'm assuming for voice you're doing 11 labs or something similar. >> Yep. The AI influencers are not something that I have a lot of experience with. I've tested it a little bit, but they're so expensive and it's very like I'm big on fast production. Yeah. >> And if you want to add in an AI avatar, it really slows things down. >> Agreed. I have the same experience. So, while I appreciate you sharing all those tools, I think I found that very valuable. I'm going to review that and I think a lot of people will as well. So now I'd like to go a little more practical into what you're doing in your business now. Obviously without giving away details, without giving away anything you're not comfortable with, but what does your what does your business look like in terms of your team? Do you have a do you have a business partner? Do you have managers? Do you have executives? What do you got under >> No. So I'm the I'm one of the few people it seems like in ecom that's kind of anti-partner. not anti but for me anti-partner. >> Um our team is really lean. So we have a head video editor, a junior video editor that's part-time basically uh and a content manager and myself. So >> nice. >> Yeah, just three people. I think overhead right now is the majority of our overhead is AI cost, like dual cost. It's kind of crazy, but I think overhead's between five and 10k. >> Okay, nice. So you're running pretty lean. Yeah. >> So you have a simple operation and what are you responsible for? What are you spending most of your time doing? Is it on the copy side? Is it what is it? >> Yeah, it's I would say on a good day it's copy. On a bad day it's managing people. Um but it probably 80% copy and the rest is like high level stuff, right? So finding what our next thing is going to be, what angles we're going to test, what the overall direction is going to be in the business, like do we want to swap to a different niche, what kind of offers are we going to find? Do we want to focus on branding, you know, whatever? >> Yeah, understood. It's I'm in a similar position. Now, when it comes to your offers, do you have like a hero offer? Do you have multiple offers? Are you across niches? What does it that what does that look like for you? >> Yeah, for us it's still hero offer is about 80% is the main one with a you know high AOV. I'm really pushing to diversify because I've I've just felt a lot of instability lately where performance is up down and like I hate the constant scrambling to find winning creative and I think that diversifying across more offers is the ticket and maybe changing the economic model a little bit >> and by that do you mean boosting the the LTV adding subscription something like that? Yeah, I'm I'm very curious about subscriptions because I think that the power of being able to scale on a one rorowaz is pretty insane, you know, like the and and you minimize a lot of that instability when you have rebuilds >> 100%. I mean, that's the dream to be able to run at one rorowaz. I know a couple guys doing, you know, seven figures, eight figures a month with one rorowaz, which blows my mind because they have the Amazon, the LTV, the subscriptions. So that's the promised land where we're all I think we're all working towards it >> after we've reached a certain amount of scale with the just pure cash flow because you can't really skip that step if you don't have a ton of capital >> in my experience. >> Now when it comes to ads are you doing VSSL and image? Are you doing UGC? What is your ad deck look like? >> It's 100% VSSL right now. So, we've everybody talks about image ads and I've tried them from a lot a lot of different times and just never been able to make it stick. >> And I think that if I really hammered on it, we probably make it work and but I just don't think that's a huge leverage thing, >> I'm good at writing VSSLs. The team is really used to producing them, so we're just kind of hammering them. >> Yeah. And where did you find your team? Are they from Asia? Are they Philippines? Are they >> How long have they been with you? >> Um I think overall it's been eight months now. >> Okay. >> Yeah. So my head v video editor is actually from Pakistan and then the other two are from the Philippines. I found the guy from the Pakistan on Upwork which is the only good hire I think I've ever made on Upwork. Usually it stinks. >> Had the same experience. Yeah. >> Yeah. Then the other two are uh online jobs. >> Understood. And are you testing new offers now or are you f are you testing new offers and and if so are they in different niches? I know you said you want to diversify but what does that look like? Are you are you actively testing? >> Yeah. Yeah. So we actually just launched a new product test this morning and it's niche is similar. So rather than just women's aesthetics, beauty, whatever kind of a broader health thing. So, a lot of consumable stuff based on my interest of subscriptions. So, >> does that include supplements? Just pure supplement offers. >> Are you doing that white label manufactured in the USA? I don't to be honest with you. I'm just trying to find something that shows a promise and then I will I mean I'm going to make sure that I have a way to fulfill to either fulfill early ads uh early orders or I'll just take orders and then cancel them. Yeah. >> Once something shows promise and then I'll worry about the production part of >> Okay, that makes sense. Um, yeah. Sorry, I'm a little tired, Brandon. >> Oh, good, man. >> Busy couple days. But I think the supplements are definitely a way to go. If you have the direct response expertise, you can take that customer acquisition power and put it into something with a little more juice, a little more LTB. So, that could be one evolution of the industry is people going more toward consumables over the physical products, right? The onetime sale products. Now, are you doing anything in terms of LTV? Do you have are you taking email seriously? Are you pushing for multiple orders? >> No, I mean I really think of I mean I don't the structure right now is LTV and AOV are basically the same thing, right? So it's all just pushing really hard for high AOV and a lot of that comes from our upsells or our main upsell is very very solid. And yeah, we don't have a lot of repeat purchases. I really neglect email because with Funnelish, we don't have an email capture. And I used to have a like a midfunnel email capture, but and it worked fine, but it seems like it adds a little too much friction now. >> So, >> so now that you you mentioned your upsells, and that's something I want to talk about because I think it's a huge part of the the whole offer is the upsell flow. So, what do you, if you don't mind sharing, what does your upsell flow look like? Do you use VSSL upsells? What does it look like in terms of pricing compared to your one unit? How do you structure it? >> Yeah. So, our first primary upsell is an upgraded version of the first thing that they bought >> and that's VSLbased >> and so that purchase price is actually higher than any of the options on the front end. So AOV for the front end is about 170 and the upgrade is 189 and we have about a 35% take rate. >> Wow. >> So that boosts overall AOV to between 260 and 280 which is huge. >> Yeah. And yeah, I mean that's the only reason that we've been able to compete and stay afloat through a lot of these >> ups and downs is because you know with an AOV that high our margin is really really healthy. >> Yeah. And then there's a secondary, you know, post an OTO2 basically where this particular product has a companion consumable and so there's just a bundle discount on that. >> Awesome. Yeah. I mean, I would say that in my experience when a product has an AOV like that, people are way more willing to buy more because they're so much more committed and they've shown a lot more trust to themselves. You know, they've committed to their choice. So, I think that there's definitely a door open for some LTV stuff if you want if you're interested in doing that. But that's amazing. So, that's a huge AOV. So, you've done a really good job with with your funnel then with your bundles with and with your upsells. How many upsells do you have outside? You know, you have the first one which is an upgrade VSSL and then do you have more after that? >> Yeah. So, the second one I probably wasn't very clear there. So, after first one device upgrade, there's second upsell which is just that consumable. >> Yep. So you got the two upsells. >> Two upsells. Yeah. >> Okay. Amazing. And are you running on other channels? Have you tested native YouTube, Google search? >> No. Most of that I mean we have your standard like Google retargeting campaign but no serious pursuit in other ad avenues which is also another thing that's a big focus for me because same thing diversification being super reliant on only Facebook with only one main product is fragile no matter how good you are I think. >> Yeah. So moving towards diversification, you're using AI, you have your hero offer now and you're testing to supplement stuff. So I think you have Yeah, you're covering every base. You're covering ground really well. Now when it comes to the back end of the business in terms of your infrastructure, your Facebook ad accounts, your payment processing, >> your customer service, what does that look like for you? and if you can, you know, go into a little bit whatever you feel comfortable sharing about how you set that up and how you manage that because I know that's an issue for a lot of people. >> Yeah. So, I we constantly swap back and forth between private BM setups with with an infrastructure where basically you're using a lot of different profiles and accounts to minimize your risk and and avoid bands as much as possible. >> And it seems kind of seasonal. So we swap between that kind of setup and agency accounts where sometimes agency is easier and performs better, sometimes the private version is better. >> And then customer service is I just have I mean I spent a lot of time investing in actually paying attention to the customers early. So I looked at what all of the common complaints were, what our returns were about disputes, whatever. And then I found I I templated a whole library of very specific flows and responses to actually listen to these people, help them as much as possible, minimize refunds, and so we only have one. I guess I didn't add my customer service rep as part of the team, but she is. >> She's a lag guard on the team. >> Yeah. Yeah. Um Okay. So, you Yeah. So, that's the approach I prefer and I recommend. And it sounds like you really dialed in your customer service yourself and you really put the effort and the focus in to to get those responses down and get those macros dialed in. So So I'm assuming you don't have a huge issue with refunds, chargebacks, that kind of stuff. We did beforehand. That's what motivated me. I I did the crazy thing. I actually sat down and called a bunch of our customers to ask like what's wrong? Do you have you know all the stuff? And now it's at a reasonable rate. I don't want to do the thing where you promise a guarantee and then you don't actually return it because there's all these hidden terms and stuff. >> I like return it to Antarctica and then China. >> Um, so what did you find? I mean, I think this could be valuable to to dig into. What did you find were the most common types of complaints. Was it the shipping time? Was it the product quality? What the expectations? What did you see? was the most common, you know, issue or main issues that were leading to refunds and chargebacks. >> The biggest lever, the biggest one front end is like what's your initial expectation that you're setting for the customer and the way that you're selling the product. And that's the hardest one to crack, you know, because if you're if you're making a more legitimate, more reasonable, you know, this is going to take time. It's going to be a little bit of work. You're going to have to do these other habits to get the result. the quality of customer is way higher, but it's way harder to be profitable that way, >> which is unfortunate, but it's just the truth. >> And honestly, we're in like a middle ground where I'm not completely satisfied with how aggressive our messaging is. But >> it is what it is. And then as far as like having I think as long as people feel like you care and you didn't screw them over, they're a lot more willing to work with you. So that's like touch points post purchase just automated >> answering questions really quickly. And we have um I mean it took me two or three days to make some free like video courses with AI and give people access with the QR code on the back of the product. Just small stuff like that >> which isn't worth pursuing if you're just starting out to be clear. Like don't do that on the front end. >> Do that for every offer you test. >> Yeah. Spend three months in prep. >> Yeah. Now, I've had that same experience exactly what you described, you know, being aggressive, scaling, and then having a flood of issues with customer service and then going really deep into it and super nuanced and figuring it out. Now, one issue I had during that time was with my payment processing was getting pretty unhappy with it and I started to get some holds and stuff. So, that leads us into payment processing. Um, if you could talk about that, you know, what does your structure look like? What is your philosophy on payment processing and did you have issues with it in the past? >> Oh yeah, I've had loads of issues. I still right now even we have quite a bit of money on hold but like I think the sooner >> that you can accept that that's just a reality of the business, the better off. >> Excuse me. >> All good. The better off you'll be. So we use we don't use Stripe or PayPal. It's all third party mids and you know, that's a relationship with a specific bank. They have their terms, what you can say, what you can't say, and >> that's just how it's going to be and they're going to change. Like, they always have the power. So, I think the biggest thing, especially if you're early, is you need to save capital, you know, because if you for the first time you're making 10K or 20K or 30K a month and you start living large like you Progress always is up and then down and then up and then down. You always get smacked around. >> We always expect it's like just going to keep on going. >> Yeah. Not linear at all. >> No. >> So that, you know, as you're a wise old man and a very, you know, we're a young industry. A lot of the guys in the group and in the the audience are younger, you know, early 20s, mid 20s. >> Sorry. How old are you again? >> 30. >> 30. Woo. You've been around. >> I'm a grandpa, dude. >> You've seen the dinosaurs. You've been around. >> Um, >> I mean, of course, you're you're a young you're a young man, but like compared to our industry, as you know, it's a kind of a wild west frontier. So, it's a attracts a lot of young people, a lot of ambitious entrepreneurial people. And, you know, a lot of similar issues. I've dealt with them. So many people I've talked to who are also younger have dealt with them. the overspending, the not taking the budgeting seriously, the kind of, you know, and I'm not just talking about the personal extravagance. I'm talking about even in business, not not taking the finances seriously, not taking payment processing and the infrastructure side as seriously. What advice would you give, you know, from a more mature perspective if someone's coming into this business, they have the talent for marketing, they they're good at making money, they're interested in it, but you know, as you know that there's these these common pitfalls that if someone's immature, they're even more likely to fall into them. So, what advice would you give how would you tell someone like that to approach the business? >> The first is kind of just like your bog standard emergency fund thing, but applied to business, right? So ideally, you're going to have six months worth of operating expense in the bank that you don't touch at all times. Getting to that road, like getting to that is one of the hardest things in business, I think, because like you're fighting everything. Cash flow is hard in the beginning. You need to scale. You need to find processors. You can't there's whole, you know, it's tough. And then from an individual perspective after that, I think it depends on how much you're willing to invest. Like it's good to do like the expense tracking and stuff, but a lot of people just aren't going to do that. And so rather than not doing anything, just keep a daily P&L and cut your profit in half and assume that's how much you're actually making. Mhm. >> And plan accordingly. And you're going to think, "There's no way I'm only making half." And then you'll go and you'll look at your bank statements and it'll be about right. >> Yeah. Yeah. I've had that experience for sure. Well, that's some pretty great advice and I appreciate you sharing that. I hope some of the younger guys are listening because I was in that boat. I started pretty young and a little bit wild and I didn't have the discipline. So, it's hard to hold on to the money and when you don't when you can't hold on to that money and you can't build sustainably, it's hard to, you know, really grow consistently. You're going to be in the up and down. Even if you're making a lot of money, you know, even if you're doing multiple six figures a month, you're doing thousands of dollars a day, it's going to be hard to grow sustainably. So, I appreciate your seasoned perspective on that. Um, so that about wraps up more of the technical and and practical kind of questions I have. I appreciate, you know, you sharing everything that you have. I think it's very valuable. We've covered a lot of different stuff and yeah, I'm glad that you joined the community, you joined the school group and you know, you you've been very helpful in there as well. So, we appreciate your expertise. We appreciate your time. Now, if somebody wants to get in touch with you, I mean, are you even open to that? >> Yeah. No, I actually I love helping people and just talking about the business. I've like everybody I've thought about the personal branding thing and just never done it. I should have a call out like a you know a CTA. >> that would be good DR principles. I don't >> 100%. >> But I don't know. Maybe I'll comment on the uh this video when you put it on YouTube or something and people can reach out. >> Sounds good. That sounds good. Um well, Brandon, that's it from me. Thank you so much for joining me and for sharing this wisdom with all the all of the audience. I appreciate it. And hopefully one day, you know, you'll return and you'll have bigger and better stories to share with us >> and maybe a new head of hair as well. Who knows? >> Once I hit those uh $1 million days, I'll give >> you come back from Turkey and you'll be a whole new man. >> Yep. >> Well, I appreciate I appreciate it. Take care. Have a good one and take it easy. >> Likewise. You too, man. Thank you. >> Thank you. All right. Welcome back to episode three of the Direct Response Podcast. On today's show, we have Thomas Calder. He is an e-commerce veteran. He's doing pretty well in e-commerce and he's a good friend and he's going to tell us a little bit about what he's doing to get his success, what changes he made to really take it to the next level. And Thomas, it's great to have you here. Why don't you tell us a little bit about yourself and your journey? >> Yeah. So, thank you Fernando. It's a pleasure to be here. Yeah. So, basically, I started my entrepreneurial journey back in university. So, that was like 2020. So five years ago and yeah I mean I literally just submitted my master thesis last week so I finally am done with that. >> Congratulations. Thank you. >> Finally I can focus on the business 100%. >> But yeah so I started with just a web design and lead chain agency where we just run ads and created websites for local businesses. So um I got to learn all the aspects of Facebook ads and and WordPress website design and it also required a lot of sales skills and and cold calling but that wasn't really my thing. So uh I'm more of an introvert person and that's why always e-commerce was very interesting for me. I always got ads from those e-commerce guys. And then two years later um my girlfriend finished her or graduated and she was like okay what what what she going to do now and then she decided to to start ecom as as a side business side hustle and then I was like yeah sure uh I will I will go with you I will do the marketing and then yeah that's where it started like three years ago and yeah I mean we We basically got introduced to VSSLs and copywriting advertorials I would say a year ago and that's when things really took off for us. >> We couldn't really make very good profits with just UTC ads and that yeah I think VSSL's was the the high leverage point um where we just where things just took off basically. Yeah. Got it. All right. Well, thank you for sharing that. Pretty cool story, too, working with your girl. Um, I think that's great. So, VSSLs, that's when really things took off for you. So, tell me about that, how you got into it, how you discovered them, how you implemented them, and what happened when you really put them to use. So we we were at the mastermind in Miami from um ESS and Alex Fertov >> and a lot of the guys there we're using VSSLs and we haven't really heard of it a lot. We just thought that's what like some some native ads are are doing or native guys and then we we just basically searched on YouTube um listened to a lot of content and found your channel. Yeah. Then we joined the group and basically yeah that's when things took off. I mean it's amazing. >> Amazing. >> So in terms of your business right now in terms of your e-commerce what does it look like? Are you running multiple offers? Do you have a main brand? What's your what's your strategy? >> Yeah, so we have one main brand. Um, we are selling in Europe with the in the sleep or health niche and we have two main products. One product where we are having inventory in Europe and one we are still doing drop shipping >> and the goal is to sell the brand at the end of the year or beginning of next year so we can scale up as high as possible. and uh put all the right systems in place this year. >> Amazing. That makes a lot of sense. So, I know you already talked a little bit about this, but I want to ask about your main skills, your main area of expertise. It sounds like it's on the marketing side, right? The the advertising side. Could you tell us about that? >> Yeah. So, basically, my my partner or my girlfriend is doing um logistics, customer support, and all that stuff. And I'm doing like the allaround marketing. So I think my expertise is especially media buying. I think also web design and video editing. I think in comparison to some other guys in the group, copywriting, I just found out about it like one year ago. So I think there are a lot of people that know more about it. >> But I think it's very important just to stick to the basics of of it to just see what's working good. um take inspiration from it and improve it by a lot. Um I think you just you shouldn't really over complicate things and and um try to to be creative and and um find a new way. I think you should stick to what's working and just try to improve it. That's really >> Absolutely. I agree. That's what I always say. So now when you were scaling and you started to use VSSLs, what were your biggest bottlenecks, the biggest challenges over the last year? >> You mean just with VSSLs or basically >> just with the business in general? >> So when we started to scale in in Europe, there's always the the VAT problem. I could make a whole podcast just about that. So I just want to say pay attention to it. Uh >> the VAT nightmare >> and always calculate it. um in your in your sales price. So, you're just 100% safe. The other thing about scaling is um inventory planning because we have one product that's in the warehouse. So, um when we started to scale, it was Q4 last year when shipping prices increased a lot and then we couldn't sell it anymore because we had it's it's a product that's very heavy or have have high co um cost of transportation. So we basically had to wait two months to get it into the warehouse in Europe. So that was a big big struggle and and we we didn't know what to do in this time but we found another winning product which was great because you should always try to find a new um a new thing. Um and so inventory planning is always also very important. And regarding the business side itself, I think you should always come back to the basics. What is the most important thing about e-commerce? It's running ads. It's creating new angles and and testing new creatives. I think a lot of people over complicate and focus on on yeah AI tools and company structure way too early or or VAT taxes. not sure it's important but the only thing that brings revenue is is are the creatives and I think you should always have the 8020 rule in in your mind because that's the most important thing and regarding regarding VSSL's basically on a daily basis you should do market research on on spy tools um what's working always have your competitors in mind with Facebook ads library searching for keywords that are in your niche so I Without a doubt, this is the most important thing, just running ads and testing creatives. >> Amazing. And I agree with you, Thomas. I think that's a great insight. The 8020, that is the 8020 for making revenue. So, my next question is when it comes to when it comes to your VSSLs and your funnels, I want to if you're willing to share a little more in depth, what does your funnel structure look like? Is it the standard advertorial product page, custom checkout, and then upsells? Is that what you're running right now? >> Yeah. So, um, we we run VSSL, short VSSLs. We started with two or three minutes in the beginning to validate it and then now we there are like five to seven minutes. >> Mh. >> And then we send them to a listical first when we do the the product testing and validation. Um and after if the listical and and the product is is validated, we um use the advertorial. So it is basically the the new rule structure that but it's still working great for us. Um so I think again you should just take what's working and don't over over complicate it. Um, I think what really was a high leverage for us was using funnelish because we we started with VSSLs and advertorials on Shopify still with a page builder. Um, but since we're using funnelish, it's just crazy how much the conversion rate just increased by just using this tool. And the the checkout um also increased the AOV a lot because you can just easily upsell. And that was that was also a high leverage for us. >> Amazing. And could you share what your AOV is and maybe before and after you changed to funnelish if there was a change? >> Yeah. So like the main product um it was about 80 before and now it's like 105 by just probably just switching to funnelish. >> Wow. That's a very big difference. >> Yeah. We immediately we get got from five or 6% profit to 15 the month after by just using another tool just using funnel. >> Well, for those of you listening, there's your golden nugget. That's I've seen that many times with many different stores. Just switching the funnel, giving them more options on the bundles and onepage checkout, it just boosts everything. So, I've seen that same thing over and over again. Now when it comes to your systems and specifically the most important one I think when it comes to revenue generation is the creative testing system. How do you approach that? What does your system look like? >> So I mean um to be honest as as we are still two person and just customer agent uh customer support agents um quantity is a big bottleneck for us. We are more focusing on on high quality. So um we are not testing a lot. I would say one VSSL every two weeks so or or three weeks but we are really trying to make the best professional and and high quality VSSL as possible. Not in Europe you also have to pay a lot of attention the US VSSLs or advertorials looking a bit scammy um when you're yeah um when you want to just copy paste it for the European uh customers. So you have to adapt of course and make it more more professional, more quality. Um and so the the creative system is we are doing market research with ad spy tools just seeing what has the most engagement um in our niche. We are also uh researching the hooks. Um and then we are yeah we are taking the script and I think what's very important is if you analyze the winning script you should always highlight um the different sections. That's what really helped me to understand everything in detail. You should highlight, okay, what's the hook, the lead? That's probably clear, but what's the on the problem side, what's the physical problem, the emotional problem, where is the the the rock bottom of your customer also on on the end when you close, do you have scarcity? Do you have social proof, testimonials? So, that helps a lot to to um create a basic structure. Um when you have one winning um VSSL script, you can basically just copy paste it. Um and then we if we fi find a winner, we are doing a lot of hook testing because that's just high leverage and and not a lot of of of time consuming. Um and so we're testing daily new hooks, new visuals to the same winning hook and that's our day-to-day base. Yeah. Um, tasks pretty much. >> So, quality over quantity. And then I'm sure you can over time build out that system and bring in some people to have both quality and quantity. >> Yeah, that's for sure what we are trying to do in Q4 to finally get more quantity. Um, so yes. >> Amazing. And do you test your advertorials? Do you mess with your funnel? Do you try different prices, different bundles? We we we tried to we try to test it in the beginning of the product validation. Um and when we found yeah a basic structure that's good working we are don't really test advertorial side anymore just focusing on the creatives. >> That's what we are doing. Yeah. >> Makes sense. >> And in terms of the back end are you doing email SMS uh retargeting? >> We are doing uh we doing no retargeting. We just run static ads and as a as a broad campaign and Facebook is doing the retargeting. Um but we are doing a little bit of email marketing. So we have abandoned checkout flow, post purchase flow which I think are the two most important ones and I just had a look like last month it was six or 7% of the revenue um which was generated. So yeah, I think email marketing is you can yeah, you can increase your net profit at the end of the month a lot by just setting up setting it up once and then it's done pretty much. >> Yeah, I agree. >> So what do you see for yourself as the next steps to get to to get to the next level to 5x your monthly revenue? What do you see as the biggest leverage things you can do? For me, it's it's of course have a lot of more quantity to to hire someone or or to to find someone. Maybe it's a creative strategist, maybe it's a video editor. I think both would be great. So, um yeah, this side of the of the business, I don't know. It's you're just you're one person or you're two person and every everything you do >> working. Yeah. Slow. And now you need to hire people. It's it's I think the the idea of it it's it's crazy when you when you when you're not used to it. Let's say let's put it like that. >> So yeah, I mean also we want to sell the brand at the end of Q4. So we need to try to register all the the brand stuff. Um have all the right domains. So all the right systems in place. Um we also want to expand to another to other uh European countries because um I think that's a high leverage just by translating the winning script and and >> where are you selling now? >> We are selling I think 80% in Germany. Um and 15% in Austria, 5% Switzerland. But it really was amazing because we took the same ads and it's working because they all speak German, you know. Um, so it's a little more easier. But yeah, I think not a lot of people are doing uh VSSLs properly in Europe right now. So I think that's a that's a high or a good opportunity which which won't last long I think. Um and yeah so this is this is what we are trying to focus in >> that makes a lot of sense. >> And when it comes to AI do you make use of AI within your business? >> To be honest we stick to the basics. We we I tried to to create static ads and and to use AI UTC creators but they didn't convert for us. M >> so what's converting is um just not using any spokesperson to be honest we tried one but it didn't work so um yeah AI just with deep research with chat GPT and and perically perplexity so that's what we are using but we haven't really dig into those II tools um yet because there was no >> Thomas is anti-AI >> he's prohuman >> Okay, that makes sense. So, you're doing the voice, you're doing like an AI voice over with no person to it. >> Yeah. 11 Labs, of course. >> Yeah. I mean cap cut for video editing, 11 labs and chat for deep research and and yeah, >> you're just using the bare minimum and using mostly what works that sticking to the basics like you said good copy, good messaging >> because I mean I don't know about 50 year olds but for me those AI videos or UTC creators still look so much like AI. >> So yeah, it's just my opinion, my personal opinion. So, I don't know if it's working for you. AI avatars, >> they are. They're working. We use a lot of AI in the visuals and the avatars. It's working pretty well, >> but again, it's every niche is different. Also, different countries, right? We sell in the US mostly, so that could be very different as well. >> I I I checked them out like um in different tools. It was like a few months ago. And when you when you use the tools in English, the lips are or how should I say it? It looks way um more like in reality. >> Yeah, they're made for English. >> Yeah, that's also a big part of it. >> I think so. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah, it's totally possible that it's just for that reason that a lot of these tools are made for the English audience because it's a much bigger market. Now, when it comes to the industry in general, I would love to hear your thoughts. What do you think are the biggest things moving forward, the biggest opportunities like the VSSLs of the future? Other than just using more AI, do you see anything specific that stands out to you as the next phase of the market, the next phase of marketing? >> That's that's a hard question to be honest. That's a really hard question. Let me think about it quickly. But I I mean, yeah, I can't really think of it right now at the top of my head. >> Yeah, don't worry. It is a big question but I always ask it you know because it's an important question to ask but of course there's no right or wrong answer and it's very hard it's impossible to predict the future. >> Sure. Sure. >> Yeah. I mean >> no go ahead. >> Yeah. I mean I mean you should have a good look at what the top of your industry are doing and you should take inspiration of it and improve it. So, I think that's the the easiest way to to win big in the in the in this game. Yeah. >> Yeah. Stick to the 8020, the slow improvements, the foundations. >> You're a big 8020 guy, huh? >> Yeah. I mean, I wasn't, but I wasn't. And then nothing worked and then I just stuck to the basics and now it's it's going great. So, >> no AI. No. Well, let's go back to then the the human side in terms of media buying. You said you're you're good at it. You like it. Tell tell us about the media buying. How do you for someone who's running VSSLs or getting into VSSLs, how should they think about structuring the creative tests and the scaling in terms of the campaign structure? >> Because uh the campaign structure we are testing in ABOS's with yeah the budget is like the AOV or two times the AOV of the product. um we're testing everything broad and when we um get something that works we are putting it in advantage plus campaign um and that's usually the the scaling campaign but when we look at the adset level and we try to analyze the VSSL if it's working I think the most important thing is of course the hook rate um the hold rate and then the watch time which um yeah how many people are really watching until the And for us, like the average hook rate is about 40%. Um, which >> of our winning hooks and VSSLs, of course, it can be higher or lower, but that's like the average for for a good mark. And I think you always should to be at least above 30 or 35 on the hook side and around I would say 6 7% at least that watch your video until the end. I just can say from a European market perspective. Yeah. >> Yeah. Um like the CPMs are way way different than in US. So um I think most important aspect is your video. How much are they watching? And then of course your click rate. But at the end of the day, I mostly just look at the the ROS um and the CPA. Um I don't really care if the click rate is more or less. Um, I just look at the the hook rate and then at the CPA and the ROS to be honest. >> And what do you think to help out some of the guys who are struggling? What were some things that you struggled with in the beginning or the mistakes you see a lot of people making like swiping one for one from other competitors and it's not working or something like that using too much too much AI to write their copy before they know what they're doing. What would you recommend to someone that was in the position maybe you were in when you just started with VSSLs? Yeah, I mean I would really recommend to to every day to do market research and by that I mean to use ads spy tools and watch the VSSLs with the highest engagements. So with the most comments, most shares and then you want to um transcribe it and you want to highlight the sections so you know really when what's the hook, what's the lead, you understand the basic structure of a winning VSSL. And if you have it and you have a product that's similar or a better one or just the same problem but a different product um then you try to improve it. You try to make more deep research with AI and also you go on Amazon, you read the reviews. So you have to put in the hours to do the market research. I think the most important thing that comes to e-commerce because the guys are just whipping and then it's not working. But you have to take inspiration of course but you have to improve it and then >> get an understanding. >> Yeah. Because as I said I think in my opinion quality is is is better than quantity. So you should make the best VSSL as you possibly can the best editorial as you can make it. so professional that you would even buy it. And so I think that's that would be my recommendation for someone that just rips off and then runs a scam funnel and then it's not working >> because they didn't even um change the colors of the standard funnelish check out which are like yellow if if Yeah. So >> yeah. >> Well, I hope they're listening. If those guys are here, take some advice from Thomas. So, it seems to me, Thomas, you emphasize more the structure of copy versus the actual writing itself. That that that to you is a higher leverage thing, the structure, the flow. Can you talk about that a little bit because I'm in I I say the same thing that a really good structure is much more important than really good copy. It can make up for for even bad copy, but good copy can't make up for a weak structure or a lack of market research. So, have you found that to be the same thing in your VSSLs? Yes, I mean I try of course to have both but if if the structure is in my opinion way more important and because the the the chron chronological um how is it called >> the chronological order >> yeah the order of it should always be similar because most winning DSLs have their hook lead >> the same pattern >> solution you should if you if I wake you up at mid of I don't know 3:00 a.m. You should >> you should know the whole thing. >> You should get it tattooed somewhere. >> Hook, lead, problem. >> But I agree. I think the problem is the the the structure is the most important part and really good market research. So pretty much what you said and I think that's very good advice for the people who are just getting into VSSLs who want to do higher quality marketing. You have to put in the work to understand structure and you have to put in the work to understand your market and your avatar. >> And then the last thing I want to talk about is we talked a lot about the market research side. How do you use the AI research and the forums to come up with new angles? Because I'm assuming that a lot of your creative tests are, you know, trying out new angles, new approaches to the problem, new ways of framing it, calling out different types of people in your market. So, how do you come up with new angles and how big is that for you compared to just variations of whatever is working? >> Yeah, so basically um we we use AI deep research on chatbt. So um but we are not just a simple prompt. We are really trying to we we are prompting the prompt. So you can on chat GPT you can prompt what you want to give as a prompt. >> You can you can use it to help you come up with a prompt. >> Exactly. And that's when we're when we're doing AI uh deep research. Um and then additionally, so we have uh a Google uh document where we write everything down in detail and we also go through Amazon reviews. We try to um count how many times they're using whatever knee pain or numbness or these words and then you can come up with a great hook or a great new angle. Um because we started originally um with one of our product products main products with a completely different angle >> and then we had a look at Amazon and the product was also used um in a completely different uh niche >> and now that was when things really took off. it was a new angle in a market um where nobody did direct response with that particular angle and that's I think when you have a big win. So you should you should focus on a market where nobody has used this angle as direct response. >> And then it's it can be a good a good fit. >> That's what I say often when people ask about saturation this question everyone's asking about. But just like you said I say the same thing. If just because they're selling the product doesn't mean anything. Are they going after that angle, that pocket with that message, which oftentimes even with the biggest products, you can find angles that nobody else is selling with direct response. Even for the knee massager, for the biggest products that are selling nine figures, you can find, you just got to get creative. Listen to Thomas, put in the effort, do the market research, and you can come up with angles. One angle is enough to do multiple six figures a month. Even in Europe, >> it's just like >> we we have two winning VSSLs with like a lot of different hooks, but they are carrying all of our revenue. It's it's crazy how much one VSSL can change your life. As Peter, how is it? Peter Kell. >> He's always saying >> you're one VSSL away from your dream life or something like that. >> Yeah, it's crazy. >> It's true though. I I've experienced that. So now, Thomas, you know, thank you so much for your time for sharing all this information. I think it'll be very helpful to a lot of people. Now, the last thing I'll ask is when it comes to the group, the school community, what benefit would you say that you got from it? What did you learn from it, if anything at all? Um, and how did it help? >> Uh, yeah. I mean, the the the group is is by far the most valuable group I've been in e-commerce, and I've been in a lot of groups and also coaching programs and whatever. Um I think the course itself is so valuable because then you understand okay how VSSL's work how you have to structure how you have to do the research and then you have the whole community just based on this. So for me I just can say 100% it's the most valuable group that I've been. So >> well that's amazing to hear and I appreciate that. >> Thomas I appreciate your time. Thank you for coming on and I wish you a ton of success and have a great day. >> Thank you so much for having me. >> See you, my friend. >> All right, everybody. Welcome back to the Direct Response podcast. Today's episode is pretty exciting. We have Steve Earl on the show. He is an expert master copywriter and master of direct response. He's worked with some pretty big ecom brands, brands that a lot of us in the space look to to study from and to learn from. So, Steve, thank you so much for coming on and tell us a little bit about yourself, please. >> Uh, yeah, happy to be here, man. I I really appreciate it. Um, this is pretty cool for me. But, uh, yeah, I've been doing this for a long time. I started as a as a, you know, a direct response copywriter for hire back in 2013, I guess. I started writing mostly for free. Uh, just trying to round up clients, trying to get out of my corporate job. Like a lot of people, I was just like typing into Google like how to make money in a suit and tie at my corporate job that I hated. Uh, and came across a came across a program that was totally different, was teaching people how to build software companies. And I won't get into all that, but there was a module in that course um that was like, hey, you need to like sell your software business and you know, you should learn a little bit about copywriting and it was like a it was like a crash course into like Gary Howbert and John Carlton and sales letters and I it just set me on fire. I was just like this is wait a second. I always wanted to be a writer. I I have no idea what copywriting is. I thought you had to sell a book or write a screenplay to make a living as a as a writer. And here I am at like 27 years old like for the first time. This is pretty cool. And it just became an addiction after that. I started writing for free for other people in this program I was in. They got really good results. They wanted to pay me. You know, I was making, you know, pocket change, like not much. Um, but then when I decided to kind of go all in on it, six months later, I was, you know, out of my corporate job, getting paid a living wage as a copywriter. Had a mentor who my mentor used to live with Gary Halbert. So, like that was pretty cool learning from him. Cut years off my learning curve and then it was just um pick up and and move to Spain because I always wanted to live in Spain and and I've been here for I've been in Spain for 11 years now. So, um and yeah, got a really cool really cool career and work with a lot of really cool people in in mostly the supplement and health niche. >> Amazing. Could you mention um if you're comfortable with it, a few of the brands that you've worked with so people have an idea of what world you're in? >> Yeah. Yeah. I've worked with if anyone knows Agora. So, they're one of the large like billion-dollar direct mail publishers. When you're a freelance copywriter, back in those days, you wanted to get on with Agora because they could pay big package fees for 30 and 40 and 50-minute VSSLs. Uh trying to think of names that your audience would know like VS Shred. I've written for VS Shred, uh written for Nuru, written for Amarle, who you know was around before Nuru was around so much anymore. Uh and then just Upwellness is a brand that I still work with and uh and love working with. Those guys are really great. Uh, and then just a whole bunch of more individuals that are in like the direct response space, whether they have offers or whether they're like full-blown brands. But most of my time before 2020 was spent, you know, writing those 30, 40, sometimes an hour long, you know, VSSLs, those like 9,000word scripts. Yeah, I spent time working with Stephan Georgia as well and learning learning a lot from him. So, um, I never really like menteed with him directly, but man, have I ever learned a lot, you know, working with him and handling projects with him and, uh, just like a a world-class copywriter and a really good dude. So, I owe a lot to him as well and the stuff he's put out in the market. >> Amazing. Very cool. So, you have quite a bit of experience with again a lot of the brands that our guys are familiar with. So, to dive in a little bit into your specific skill set, what would you say is your number one thing that you bring? Is it the VSSLs? And if so, is it the long form or the short form? >> Um, yeah, it's it's it's VSSLs would be like the that's where I that's where I started. It was like long form the 30 40 minute ones. Writing those is is I mean what in the days before AI, right? I don't want to date myself, but it it was like, you know, that's a four-week, fiveweek project to write like a a 40 minute, 50-minute VSSL because you've got, you know, you had to do all the research yourself, come up with a big idea, work your way all the way through it, submit it. Some of these companies that I've worked with like Agora have huge legal teams, right? They want to have it go through compliance. So, some of those were were quite long processes. Um, but now with AI, it's a lot easier. Um, and now I focus on on on my brands. You know, a lot of short form stuff works really really well. A lot of advertorials. So, I think the two things I I spend most of my time on when I'm consulting brands or when I'm when I'm writing for my own brands is really short VSSLs um and then uh the advertorials like long form advtorials, listicles, pre-sale pages and all that stuff. But, um you know, I I've spent a lot of time as a CMO, as a creative director managing teams from top to bottom. So, running the whole funnel is really what I do you know for my brands and for for others that I'm consulting for. But if I had to like pick a skill set that I would go toe-to-toe with with any other marketer out there, it would be okay, sit me down and let me go headtohead with a someone who can write like a 30 40 minute, you know, VSSL. >> Very cool. And that's kind of the pinnacle of direct response copy is the long form VSSL in my >> It is. Yeah, it is. >> Okay. Very cool. So, when you're working for some of these brands and you're consulting with them, you're in like a CMO type role or you're just helping them with copy. What are some patterns you've noticed specifically with the e-commerce brands um when it comes to their advertising? >> Um systems win like like systems win. You you can get really big wins and scale up quickly without any systems because there's a I every day I talk to somebody else who's you know any age from 18 to 29 to 40 who has fallen ass backwards into a scaling offer, right? and they don't they don't know what to do next, but they're they're at a million a month or something like like when you find a trend, you can really ride it. The problem with trends is like they'll make you feel like a genius. And if that trend ends and you don't have a brand behind it, it can get really difficult to get back on track. And and I've seen it go the wrong way as well. So, so the guys that I've seen do really really well, you know, riding a trend are the ones that kind of ride up a trend and back it into a brand. And and that takes systems, uh, especially from the marketing side. So, if you're going to do your VSSLs and your marketing all internal, which a lot of brands do, you've got to have a good system of how you manage your video editors, how you manage your copywriters, how you manage your creative directors, and then how do those all report up the line um to keep things, you know, when it comes to meta advertising, it, you know, it's a beast that constantly needs blood, right? Like I do talk to some brand owners who I think they think like well once we have a couple of winners you know that's it we can we can just scale and it's then they realize like oh I need to feed this like every single day. So you do have to have a really good system uh to come up with with new variety and new volume because that's that's where people are winning the most on on meta right now. see um I see on on on X and and on social media a lot of people will debate like is it volume or is it variety and and it usually it's a disqualifier for me because I'm like oh they're I can just safely ignore them if they're debating one side or the other because the answer is both. The answer is always both >> and meta is telling us at once. So, you've got to have good variety and good volume. And if you don't have a system to for that to find UGC content, direct promo content, um, you know, AI content, like all kinds of stuff you want to work into your ads, you've got to have people that know how to bring new stuff in and then people that know how to iterate on what's already working, right? um those are the brands that I've seen win the most uh that do really really well in in their respective niches because they understand whether they're doing it internally or they found an external team to handle part of it. Um and there's a you know some brands do a mix of both. It it really is comes down to systems. >> All right. Amazing. That was a great answer. Now my next question is kind of leads that leads into the next question is a lot of the people watching I think maybe a majority are e-commerce founders. So they're running their offers. they're at some level of scale and I want to get your opinion on how they should approach the copyrightiting side especially with DSLs and let's say the advertorial the highest leverage stuff we you said a little bit about you know outsourcing to external team versus keeping it inhouse and you did talk about the systems but could you talk a little bit more directly to those people how they should approach the copywriting and how they should build that side of the business if they're not you know expert copywriters. >> Yeah. Yeah, that's a really good question because I'll back up one step and just kind of qualify it a little bit. You know, I've been saying this a lot. Some other people I know have been saying this a lot like like Stefan or I um I I 100% agree. If you're somebody who is looking to become say a freelance copywriter, don't. My answer is don't. Like AI is doing that. And if you're thinking of doing that and becoming good at copy, I'd be thinking about being a brand owner because it just like learn copy through running it for your own your own offers. And to be honest with you, most of the really really good copywriters I've met over my time, they're not copywriters. They're brand owners. And they learned copy because they had no other choice. Like I don't have I don't have money to pay anybody to write copy. I don't have time to read like seven copywriting books and copy out letters by hand and have a mentor and all that kind of stuff. So, when you're a brand owner, the best thing you can do is like it's not the most popular answer, but but it really is like rip. Like, go and find the brands in your niche that are doing as well as they can possibly do, that are experts at what they do, that have really good cop you're really good copywriters and borrow from them. I don't necessarily mean rip them off entirely. Like, I'm be ethical about it. Like, I would never do that. Like, go and just rip somebody's whole page. There are people who do that and hey, that's their choice. that's not the route that I want to go. Um, I would be looking at what they're doing and try and try and break it down and say, "Okay, why is this working for them? What can I learn about their customer? What can I learn about what their customer is complaining about? What can I glean from, you know, what they're saying in their marketing to come up with new ideas for for our business or for your business?" Um, and then and then borrow the structure like like that's one thing that you can rip off directly. >> I think people get it confused. to go, oh, just rip everything off and they just go and steal somebody's copy 100%. When I say rip, I mean take their structure, right? Like there's a proven structure for a lot of offers for short VSSLs, for advertorials. You know, that's a big thing that I see that people don't do with advertorials in particular because a lot of these brands, these e-commerce brands want to run advertorials, and they should listicals and long form advertorials. um you know they just they just kind of write something and throw it out there and then maybe I'll see it or I'm consulting for someone and I'm like what what is this like where did you come up with this and they go I just kind of wrote it and it's like okay I appreciate the effort but where you should be ripping is go and look at other brands and and try and break down their structure what's the design of their page like isolate design as a factor you don't want design messing with it borrow there's tons of really good designs out there borrow one of those give it your own brand colors and then look at how they structured you their copy and how they structure their offer so you can get the plane in the air and then later worry about, you know, what your direction is going to be. So, that that's a big one is just like following what's out there. I've worked with so many brand owners that um you know, they're younger than me. They've got less experience than me. Some of them are like really really good copywriters because they just had to be. And I asked them like, "How did you get started?" And they go, "Well, it was just me and my founder. and my founder was handling all the money and offer stuff, product stuff. So, I just kind of sat down and wrote emails and I wrote VSSLs and put them out there. So, I guess the second biggest thing after you found the structure is is don't be precious. There's a lot of founders that are like, "Well, I've got to have this perfect and that perfect." It's like in the beginning, you're just buying data. If you wrote a VSSL and you think it sucks, who cares? Get it out there and look at your soft metrics. maybe you'll pop a sale or two. Um, one thing I do like to say to like uh, you know, young founders or people that are starting for the first time is like even for me, the the more I learn about marketing, the less I know about marketing, right? Like it it's just true all the time. So, they have just as much of an edge as anybody else has by just getting stuff out there, reading the data, and then iterating and saying, "Okay, our hook rate was solid, our CTR is terrible, you know, and then start looking like, is it the ad? Is it the page?" And by that time, you're in it. Like now you're in the weeds and you're cutting the grass and you're trying to figure it out. And the founders that do the best in that space with their copy are the ones that just like they just don't care about what anybody else thinks. They're just like, I'm going to get this and figure it out and make it work and I'm going to know my my customer better than others. I've met some really good founders and that's, you know, a differentiating factor when it comes to copy is they just they become obsessed about their customer. So they know what their customer wants and they just write copy that gives it to them and it and it can work that way. >> Amazing. Thank you for that. That's a great answer and and you kind of described exactly my and my business partner's relationship and how how I learned copyrightiting out of necessity big time. Now >> when it comes to writing VSSLs, let's say these five, six, seven minute VSSLs, what would you say is the 8020? That one big thing, that one big lever to pull? I you already mentioned the structures and I agree with you that that's by far the most important thing when you're swiping when you're starting something new a new concept is start with that proven structure. Would you say that is like that biggest leverage thing you can take for a VSSL? >> Yeah. Find like what what I would do is I would go if you can find other one two three four minute VSSLs that you you know are doing well from other brands even if they're not your niche. Like go beyond your niche. Some people will stay too hyperfocused on the pain niche or the pet niche or whatever it is that they're in and they don't broaden out and look at what other major brands are doing because that's also a great way to quote unquote steal because then there's no way you're going to rip them off word for word because they're running pet and you're running beauty. But you can say, "Wow, this pet ad really scaled. Like what's the hook on it? What's the lead on it? What's the idea behind it? How do I take that idea and use it for my my beauty product?" Right? So, um, that's that's really useful as well. So, like just borrowing the the structure. We have AI now. It's so much easier. Like I do this all the time because I'm lazy. I'll be watching someone's ad on ad library. I'll just take out my phone, open GPT, and I'll audio record it. It's only like a minute, minute and a half long. It'll transcribe it for me. And then I'll go in there. I'll say, "Hey, break this down for me. Tell me why you think this is working." That kind of stuff. Right? Even there, uh, it's going to give you a massive leverage point. Um, and then in terms of like concrete things inside the ad that you need to focus on, especially when you're launching a new offer, uh, it's it's hook, it's lead, and it's mechanism, right? Um, and and mechanism is really important. Unique mechanism is really important, but it's not always needed in especially the shorter ads, like the ones that you're just sending out there as tests, like the one minute ads. Some of the ones that we run, it's more like I'm not really going to work in a mechanism per se. It's it's like a I'm I'm testing an idea. I want to see like is this hook or is this idea going to work? Get it out there, get it tested. Get data back and go, "Oh, wow. Like this angle is definitely resonating. Okay, let me let me build that out now. Let me turn it into a threeminute ad that has a mechanism in it and has follows more of a proven structure." I think that is something that I'm reminding some of the brands that I'm consulting for that some of their founders are the copywriter of the brand and I keep reminding them like, you know, don't get too precious about it. Just this is a good idea. these are decent hooks. Get three or four ho more hooks onto it and get it out there and get data back and then iterate from there. Um because that's that's something that I've had to learn over and over again throughout my career is like getting out of your getting out of your way. Um especially when you're someone that has a lot more experience. Experience is great, but it can also slow you down because you you talk yourself out of you go, "Oh, well, I know better that maybe I should change this and this isn't perfect yet." And sometimes it's better to just get it out there and figure out what's what's going to come back. Especially with um the short ads. That's the beauty of the short VSSL is that the risk is low. Like if if you run it on a $100 spend or $200 spend is what you give it and it tanks, you're g like you're going to know in 200 bucks and you can cut it. So um it's it's relatively low risk as opposed to a 40minute VSSL. you know, you really want to have some good insight into what's working for the brand already, what your customer wants. Uh especially because some of these some of these companies are using they're using endorsers, they're using they'll do a full shoot day and that can get quite expensive for brands. So, um that that would be what I would focus on with the short VSSLs is find a proven structure. Don't be precious about it. Get it up, get it tested, and then iterate from there. >> Amazing. Very practical. Now, I know you run your own brands as well or you have one main brand that you run. When it comes to that and that story, what would you say? I always like to ask the two things. What was the one biggest thing that you did that really took it to the next level? And what was the biggest, let's say, bottleneck that you had to solve or that you're still working through that's been holding you back from next level? >> Uh, so the first question was like like biggest thing that like I guess like cracked it open, right? Scale. Um, that was just finding finding a a winning angle. So, anytime I launch an offer in this sort of sort of style with like the short VSSLs, um, what I'll do is I will write I'll write an advertorial or a listical, sometimes both, and I'll do my research on the on the niche or on my customer and I'll because I haven't run any ads, I'll take my best guess. And a great example of that is we were running for our product that we're we're scaling now. When I was doing the research, I was like, this seems really good for like an energy angle. It could work really well for people that are fatigued or like they need energy, they need hydration. like it's in the hydration niche. So I thought well let me write an advertorial like a long form advertorial around energy and then run a bunch of ads into that. This is where you know it helps to write say like 10 short VSSLs. >> So I wrote 10 short VSSLs all of them mostly the same structure about a minute minute and a half long somewhere like two minutes. Every single one of those short VSSLs with a different like drastically different angle. We did kidney health, liver health, gut health, energy, skin health, sleep, anything I could think of that this product would work well for. Even if it didn't quite work great for it, I just want to see like what's what's going to respond. And immediately we got a signal like the liver health one worked. And then we ran another liver health one and it worked. And I'm driving these into an energy advertorial, right? See, I know there's some friction there. But once I have a signal on the ad front, well then I'll just go to the advertorial, rewrite it for liver. Boom. Now I can run all my liver health stuff into into that advertorial and we can achieve scale to get the thing off the ground and then it's just continuing to find new ideas like that all the time. Um that that process for me seems to work over and over again launching a product. >> Yeah, I think that's very practical advice for a lot of the founders listening. So So you can have a I mean you didn't even have a super general advertorial. You already had a little bit of an angle in the advertorial but you still tested a ton of different angles through these shorts. >> Yeah. And another way you could do it too is like even if you're totally unsure, maybe you're less experienced than writing a long form advertorial, like a 12200 word advtorial. Those are tough. Like they're not they're not the easiest to write. Um especially if you don't have any copy experience. So do a listical instead, right? Do do like a seven reasons why listical. They're really easy to write. And just make sure that like five or six of those seven reasons are different avatars, especially in the health space. So like your seven reasons, make sure that five of them are five different things that a customer could want. And that way when you're running your ads, your 10 VSSL, I always start with 10. You could start with five. You can write each ad on one of those angles. So then you're pretty confident, well, if I wrote on like a gut health angle, my reason number three in the listical is all about gut health. So at least the people going there, they'll have some level of continuity and maybe they'll find something else in the list that they like. So that helps. That helps as well. So that's kind of that's my process when we're launching a new product or we're launching a new offer. It's just again going back to what I said before like first principles like just like get stuff in your ad account, get stuff tested and then iterate iterate from there. And you know if you hit a home run on the first try like thank the marketing guts because it doesn't happen that often but it does like some people just like >> and you don't even need that though, right? Because if you're launching 10 VSSLs you're really looking for which one is the best performer out of the 10. you're not looking for some home run. And then you just, like you said, you make the advertorial specific to that angle. You probably extend that VSSL out, but you're now you're in a way better position compared to if you had just started with that. You maybe have a new angle. >> Definitely. And sometimes you get lucky and like two of them hit. You go, oh, I got two angles. I didn't even know these were like these were angles that people wanted. Okay, cool. Now I've got two ideas I can work with. And you're now you're into iteration phase and that's where that's where you need to be. >> Yeah. And then on the flip side of that question, what was the biggest bottleneck or biggest challenge you had to overcome? >> Uh with with this brand specifically, it was volume. Like we by like several months in, we started to scale up pretty good and like we were just I'm the one writing all the scripts. I've got a couple of video editors. Like we're just bootstrapping this thing, right? Uh I can pump out a lot of scripts. I'm you know I've got a lot of experience so I can pump out like 10 15 scripts a week and get them made with multiple hooks and multiple scroll stoppers. Um, but we were kind of stuck in a certain revenue range. Every day we did like like a ping-pong ball just like bounce in between this revenue range and couldn't break through. And it was just obvious to the media buyer and myself. I was like, well, I think we just need volume. So, um, you have two options. You're like, okay, either I go and hire another copywriter, another couple video editors, train them up, do all that work internally. There's benefits to that. The cons were speed. I was like, I just I just need to get more volume now. Um, so we went and found an ad agency that fit for us. Um, and they were they were able to take a lot of our ideas um, and put them put them together quickly and basically more than double our output within a week, which was great. And that literally doubled the revenues within the same week. Like we just doubled revenue instantly. And I was like, "Oh yeah, we we just needed volume." So So volume in that case, we had variety. We had enough different ads doing some degree of well performance. We just didn't have the volume. Um, and like I said, like what Meta seems to be signaling to everybody right now, this may change next year. I don't know. Meta is changing all the time. Um, right now it just wants it wants a lot of different types of creative at this at, you know, it wants high volume and high variety. It wants to see different stuff to entertain people and get attention and then it wants to see a lot of it and it seems to reward you for that. So, >> okay. Amazing. So, thank you for that little peak peak inside the business. Um, yeah, I mean these have been very thorough answers and I think very practical for a lot of people, a lot of tools that you covered, the angle testing, the the systems inside the business. Could you talk the last really in-depth thing I want to talk about is those systems, right? I also emphasize that I think the creative testing systems are huge because yeah, as you said, volume and variety and if you're kind of gung-ho about that and it's all in your head, it's going to be hard to, you know, consistently do that, especially as you scale. So, how would you recommend someone goes about, let's say they're they're on that wave, right? They found some stuff that connects some good angles and they want to build out these systems to create that sustainable growth. How would you recommend people approach these systems? What are the most important things to have in there? Uh the for me anyways, the way that I think about it um is the number one thing for for us that runs across our brand and some of the brands that I that I work with is I I emphasize like simplicity. Like like make it the most simple flow that you can understand that you could explain to yourself in less than 30 seconds of how it all works. the the worst thing to do is some people get really hyped up of like having these ridiculously complicated systems and then you know maybe they work for you because you've got a brain that that works that way. Some people do but then when you bring anybody else in to manage that when you like they're like what am I this is I've had that myself when someone's brought me in I'm like this is like reading Mandarin like I don't know >> I've seen some of those like project management dashboards that you can just scroll >> not for me. So, we keep it really simple. Uh, we've got a really good media buyer who who I think is fantastic. That's not my skill set. So, I needed to bring somebody in with that skill set. Some brand founders that I've worked with are amazing media buyers and they need to bring me in because they didn't have a copywriter. Depends on where you are and what your skill set is. So, we brought in a really good media buyer and we just keep it really, really simple on our weekly calls. Like, we're looking at uh very simple dashboard that we build uh in in Excel. Uh and we're just breaking down all the ads and we're looking at looking at performance on the ads. Main things that we're looking at every sing on 7-day and on 14-day we're looking at you know hook rate, hold rate, conversion rate. Uh we want to see you know uh what's happening inside the inside the ad itself. So we'll look at all those metrics. We'll identify okay which ones are above break even rorowass or performing really well for us. Um let's focus on those this week. on the call, we'll just sometimes we'll open up the ad script or open up the ad itself, look through the ad uh and try and try and find out, okay, what's we're trying to find patterns through the ad account, right? We're trying to find like, okay, what's what's working on this ad that isn't working on these other ads, and can we take that piece and turn these ones into into winners. Um, and it's a bit of a malleable process, but it but it works for us, and it keeps it simple. We're on there for about an hour. Um, we figure all that stuff out of like, okay, these five or six ads are working really really well. these four or five are like still performing from weeks past. How do we keep that performance going? And then we will decide, okay, these five need to go for um what we call sort of like the the winner treatment, right? Um you want to develop a system that works for your brand of how would you extend the life of a winner. So we just call that the winner treatment, right? It's okay, these couple of ads are working really, really well. Let's get five new scroll stoppers on them. Let's change maybe we change the if it's a UGC ad, maybe we order another actor who's a male instead of a female. Um, let's change what the caption looks like. Uh, you know, all kinds of stuff like that. And every brand's different. They'll find different things that work for them, and you're always kind of mixing it up. And then we'll also schedule stuff on like, okay, these are the new ideas I think we should be we should be testing, and those will go to me or whoever the copywriter is for writing that week. And because now we're working with an agency, we're able to take some of that data and pass that back to the agency as well and say, "Hey, the ones that you guys submitted for us the last couple weeks, these three seem to be doing really, really well. We'd like a round of iterations on those and then we'd like some new stuff on those on those angles. Um, and it's a bit of a malleable process for but that allows us to keep it really simple. You know, one maybe two calls a week with the media buyer and then we're just monitoring performance throughout throughout the week as you scale up. However, so for the brands that are already massively scaled up and maybe they're running three, four, five products, you know, we're running two products, so it's really easy to manage. The best way I've seen that managed is is with the pod system. So having like an a an A+ video editor who can oversee maybe two other video editors, a copywriter and a and a creative strategist at the top that can watch this group that handles these three products and then duplicate that pod for your next three products. and for your next three products. And if you need to add more creative strategists along the way, I mean, I've worked with some pretty big companies that that is how they have a lot of it set up. And in at least in my experience with brands that I've worked with in the past where we've used the pod system, I found things start to break beyond three products. Like like if you have a pod and you're like, we're going to get them to do five products, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] starts to break. Like it just it gets messy. It gets too complicated. like one to three products for a pod because then you have those people saving time because the video editors know the product. They know what works. They know what video style, what editing style. If you're mixing in the copywriters, they don't need to research the product as much anymore. Maybe for some new ideas, but not for the background of the product. So, they're working with it all the time and they kind of have an idea of what works and you can get consistency there. Beyond that, things get too complicated and at least for me, I want to keep things as simple as possible. Right. >> Um that's that's where I've seen it work for small brands and then for big brands, you know, you do have to you do have to bring somebody in at the top layer, like a creative strategist who can kind of um stabilize consistency across all your products, right? Like maybe sometimes it's even two creative strategists depending on how big you are so that they can have a weekly meeting and and watch like what's happening here? Where where are things breaking? Where are we late on stuff? Um that's a much bigger conversation. But from a 30,000 foot view, like that structure seems to have worked several times. >> Amazing answer. Yeah, we use that pod system as well. And we've come to the same conclusions. Once you go past three, it starts to break a little bit. But there's also a lot of benefits as you said, having the copywriters and the video editors just soaking in those, you know, whatever two or three products that they're with. They get really, really good and they can come up with really good angles just on their own. >> Now, the last thing that we didn't go super in-depth in, but I do want to touch on and get your opinion on is AI. So obviously it's ubiquitous now in every business. What are you using it for and what have you found are the biggest use cases and the biggest benefits for an e-commerce brand running direct response. >> Uh we're using it for everything we can possibly use it for. That's the short answer. If like I won't hire anybody who's not using AI. I don't care what their position is. If you tell me in an interview or you tell me you're not using AI, that's like saying hey in 199 computer >> Yeah. this computer thing I man it's not going to work out like I don't know that's what that is to me I'm like you're just not paying attention it's not I don't think it's going to be um stealing everybody's job I mean there are going to be people who get totally wiped out by it but I think for me I don't I can't predict where it's going to go I just want to be on the front I want to have the front seat like I want to know what's going on with it and where we can use it so to be specific obviously we use it for copywriting I use I use chatbt a lot I know people say claude is better for copywriting and and I've used a little bit. It's just GPT is where I've always been comfortable. So, I work there. It's great. Quad is awesome, right? If you use Quad, like my media buyer uses Claude all the time. It has some great features. I should probably use it a lot more because I have had a lot of people say it's better for copyright. But for GPT, we use it we I use it all the time for copy. Um I'm always amazed by how many like eight and nine figure brand owners I see out there that are like, "Yeah, it's just can't you can't do what a copywriter does." Like, you just you just don't know what you're doing. Um, so, um, I think it really helps people like myself who like I'm I'm an expert at my craft. I still love copywriting, but it just it just saves me so much time, right? Like it it really does allow me to get more volume in the account and come up with really good ideas and it gets better with every iteration. Now, as of last week, we have GPT5 and it's just like, oh, okay, wow. Like, it's just that much better. So, we use a lot for copy. We use a lot for data an analysis. Still a little manual on that front. We should probably work in a few more automations with NADN and stuff like that. That's the kind of the next step for us is to start using a lot more AI agents and getting more integrated with that stuff. I still do quite a bit of like manual stuff in in GPT and different tools to to look at our data and give me insights on that stuff. So, that's great. We use it for SMS. So, we've got a great SMS team like uh I'm not affiliated with them, but they're called Phantom Phantom. They they're like an AI automated SMS tool. Phenomenal. Like, you know, we we onboarded with them. We did like 1,200 bucks in our first day, you know, so it was profitable in day one. Um, and they've been like a high ROI win for us where they they have these different AI agents from winback flows to conversations to education content for your customer that once your customer starts texting, it's passing them through these agents to get them the answers they want. So, that's been a nice add-on. So, we use it there. Um, I know my media buyer uses it quite a bit with some NA nadn automations for things. We're starting to use it now to teach my graphic designer how he can just generate really solid static ads for us. Like to make it simple for him, I just wrote him a copy dock of like, "Hey, here's our best performing copy. I'm going to teach you how to write how to create static ads. Make 10 a week. Pick the copy. Have fun. Learn like I don't care if it if stuff doesn't work, it doesn't work. We'll help you along the way." So, he uses it quite a bit. our developer, he's a phenomenal coder. He's full stack dev, but he's using it all the time to like solve problems faster with code. So, everybody in the business is using AI to some degree. The video editors are expected to use AI for voices, for, you know, all kinds of stuff. Um, there really isn't an area of our business that is not touched and it's just going to continue to be that way. I want to automate more. That's the next thing for us is like, okay, how do I get my head around or find time to learn some of these like AI agents because I think that's the next place marketing goes like direct response marketing goes in that direction where it really just um it really levels the playing field and how fast someone can whip up a brand with AI. So like that leads to a whole other conversation of like what is what then what's your competitive advantage and I think it is brand narrative. I think it's brand story. I think it's like what who you are and what you're selling and who you're selling it to and how how you do that uniquely that will help out um in a world where AI can just spin up a Shopify store like that. So >> yeah, that for us it's just anywhere we can use it, I'm I'm game for it. So >> amazing. Yeah, that's actually a really good point. I don't know if I've ever heard someone say that so clearly, but as AI just makes every like the the the quality and the quantity goes through the roof for pretty much anyone who's capable, it becomes about identity, identity of the customer and identity of the brand and that that becomes the whole game. >> It becomes it really becomes about the I've thought about it a lot. I think it becomes really about the the relationship almost friendship that you have with your customer. >> And it's like I have this >> I don't know. I think we're moving into a world where it's just I keep saying this term over and over again and it's everyone's an affiliate. Everyone's an affiliate. That's what I think that's the world we live in right now. Everyone's an affiliate. Your customer can sell your product and make money for you. You know, you have like 13, 14, 15 year old kids using [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and and clippers to clip stuff together and spin and spin stuff. You got Tik Tok shop, >> right? Tik Tok shop has exploded in the last, you know, two two and a half years. So, it allows people to just go use AI and work for brands that allow them to make money. Right now, I think we're in a stage of like, you know, everyone's an affiliate and they just want to make money being an affiliate. Where does that where does that go in a couple of years? Probably it goes to, well, I only want to work with these types of brands. It's going to really resemble, >> you know, what us direct response marketers have have known about affiliates for a long time. like you had your super affiliates, you treat them really good, you want them to push, they're they're the traffic experts, but like in in my time coming up, the affiliate marketers were always part of this like weird mystical world that I didn't truly I knew I needed them and I knew how good they were getting traffic. You have the, you know, the Peter Kels of the world who are just some of the greatest affiliates of all time. Now I think everybody's just an affiliate. It's not this like in the shadows like I know all these tricks and you have to go on Warrior Forum and learn all these like weird tricks. It's more it's right out there and if you want to go >> if you want to go if you're if you're 11 years old and you know how to use Cap Cut and cut things together and you understand marketing at a visceral level which a lot of young kids do, you can come and make money for for our brand like cut stuff together and you know we'll pay you commission no problem. So I I think that's a lot of where where we're going in a world where everything's kind of automated away by AI. All the some of the hard stuff's automated away. It becomes about, you know, how efficient can you be with your team? That's the other thing I I think is coming is you're just gonna I'm already seeing it. You're the days of like a hundred million dollar company that has 300 employees gone. like you're there's teams now that are already I know are already doing 50 60 70 million on the team they may have contractors and on it's like eight people right so so it's just going to shrink down team size and it's about how how efficient are you with your resources and then what story do you tell about about your brand and we see that with you know some of these brands that have that have really blended direct response and ecom well like like Primal Queen like right um you know like like comfort like brands like that that have just had mass massive scale in a very short time. I kind of look at like what's the common denominator and it's like their founders are just very involved with the affiliates. They're very involved with the customer. very involved with the the conversation going on um between people and that's the kind of brand that we're launching a new brand uh now and we're doing it hardcore with a seating program and that's I want to take a big leap in that direction because that's all new to me and I want to be you know I was at a Tony Robbins event months ago last year and I remember sitting in the in the in the seats and the two women behind me were they were literally having a conversation debating for Sigmatic or uh um Rise like they were debating mushroom coffee brands, right? And like these are like direct response BTC brands. I was like, "Oh, that's that's the conversation I need to get my brand into and that's who's going to win." So, >> 100%. Whoever can get into the organic conversations in the world story. >> Amazing. So, Steve, thank you so much for coming on. I mean, it's been amazing. You gave some some really really great answers. I appreciate your time. I think the audience is going to love this. Now, if somebody wants to work with you or they have a big brand or they want to talk to you, where can they reach you? >> Uh, I'm Yeah, email. Just reach out to me. Like, I keep it pretty simple. I don't have like a website or I'm not doing the guru thing. I mean, mad respect to those who do. Not my thing. I'm busy with other stuff. Uh, steve.l19gmail.com. Like, just email me there. >> Put that in the description. >> Yeah, I'm always happy to have a chat with anybody. Hop on a call. um see see what you're doing because at the end of the day the more people I talk to the more I learn right like I said at the beginning the more I learn about marketing the less I know it really is like one thing to keep in mind for anybody in your audience that of all the marketers that I that I've met from like all the great marketers from you know Russen to Stephan Georgi to like even my mentor you know who who was wealthy before the internet started they all share one thing in common and they're just like they're they're always curious They're always willing to say, "I don't know. Could you tell me about that?" Even if it's someone who has like six months of experience. >> And I try to keep that in the back of my mind, like every conversation I have with somebody, even if they're only making a dollar online, >> maybe they're doing something in a new way that I never thought of before, and then I can benefit from that. So, always happy to have a conversation with somebody. >> Amazing. Well, Steve, thank you again. >> Take care. Have a good one. >> You too. >> See you. the direct response podcast. On today's show, we have Air Alonzo. He is a e-commerce operator and founder and he's going to share with us his journey and and things that he's learned switching from e-commerce to direct response and the success he's had. So, thank you so much for coming on. It's great to have you here and and to have this chance to talk to you. >> Thanks to you. Thanks to you. It's exciting being here. >> So, let's begin by just a quick background. Why don't you tell me about yourself and your journey in e-commerce, how you switched to direct response and and what the process has been like for you? >> Yeah, so I started like early on when I started university. Second year I took a gap year and I started like SMMA which was like it was the hot thing the time and it didn't work for me because it didn't suit my personality. So I'm very like yeah very shy. She didn't like cold calling, working, like doing meet and stuff. Um, so that lasted like three months. Later I went back to university because I thought there was no other way to make money online. So yes, get a job. Uh, last year of college, I got an internship at like a supplement brand, but it was like very small startup. We were Yeah. two interns hired another intern who run the marketing and they scaled like within two months 10x this really works ecom really works so why don't I start my own thing saved up the money within one year I tried to launch like my own supplement brand and yeah didn't work because I use UGC a lot of things and didn't work until the group which >> so so that's when you discovered direct response VSSLs funnels That year that I launched, they fired me from where I work because they hire they got funding so they hire other people and I found about Paul Nicholas two interviews with Alex and there I started like I saw the guy scaling so much and mentioning direct response funnels affiliates all of these running offers instead of like selling products running offers and I started like within Twitter following him uh following other affiliates and and learning a lot about their response. And one day a guy on Twitter, he DM' me. He told me, "Hey, check this Fernando guy on YouTube. He has very cool guides." Like he told me, he actually told me, "I watched the breakdown. I swapped my product within the structure, the DSL structure, and my ROS is like 3x. So you should try it. Follow the same guideline like the same structure. Hire this video editor that I use and and you you're going to print." Amazing. So, he gave you the whole playbook. >> Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. But it's funny because I watched the video and I was, "No, another guru trying to sell me something, bro. I'm not not gonna do this thing." And I was procrastinating a lot until Yeah, we placed another order for the suppl and like 200 in my personal account. >> Yeah, bro. it was like I had to make it work and right there I was if I don't know how to create good ads that convert I don't know I didn't even know how to write a script. >> Yeah what it was you know not even for UGC >> I remember I went to like a um start a conference thing where if you if I won I will get like 2k funding for the business. I didn't want and I had to sleep in like in a hotel right there with like the €200 to take a personal account. So yeah, got back from there. Yeah. Join the group and I spend the whole day like the whole day working and at night two from 2:00 a.m. to 4:00 a.m. watching the all the calls within the >> Yeah. So within the group all the calls and the breakdowns. So what's working now? all of those breakdowns to see how everything works. Like yeah, watching the breakdown, understanding the structures and you broke down very well and you said it very well. You have to find and to follow a structure to you don't have to reinvent the wheel. You just have to follow a structure. >> After around like 10 days. Yeah. 10 days is what took me. Yeah. Because I spent like a whole week building the funnel. >> Yeah. Not the smartest thing to to do, but Yeah. I had no money and I used the credit app to run the ads, the credit card and yeah, the first day we we made 1K. I remember you remember I was sending you all the screenshots. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> 1K. 1K. >> What a story, man. So, you were on your last dollar and you made it work, >> bro. I I was looking to like to get into jobs and there weren't any any jobs of what I I studied. So, I was looking to deliver food with the bike. >> Wow. It was either that or the >> What a story. >> Well, now let let's fast forward a little bit to where you're at now. So, we we got where you started and the transition point. So, tell us if you're comfortable sharing what kind of numbers you're doing, but in general, what are you up to now in terms of your business? selling supplements or are you selling physical products? What does your business look like today? >> So, right now, we switched from the supplements to drop shipping offers. We started with packets but as I told you the story type BSLs they are I wasn't able to make different BSLs so having different variety in the in the other account so now we are running we are keeping the gadgets scaling but I'm not launching that many bsl for that so we are doing 3.5k per day with that around 30 35% margin net >> yeah and yeah and I wanted to focus on health products because you you have more angles and you and different kind of ESLs you have >> education personal story or yeah personal story UC where you can explain the mechanism >> you have the story type BSL too so you can write so many variations that you have more possibility to make it work >> yeah amazing amazing so it seems like things went well for you and you ended up figuring it out and you have a good baseline now so now tell me here. What are your some of your main skills when it comes to you as a founder? I know you have a business partner. So, what are what are your main areas of expertise both tactically like is it media buying, video review, copywriting and then just in general the way you think, the way you operate as a business owner? >> Yeah. So, I started with like naturally I'm very good at operations but my partner didn't know anything. So I had to learn all the marketing and BSLs and I had to delegate the operation that teach everything to my partner which he's not really naturally uh inclined to operations and numbers. So we are both similar but I'm open to learning new things and getting into marketing. So right now uh I write the BSLs. We have very good systems that we learn from the group and the people in the group who are very like they share a lot of tactics and they learn a lot. >> So yeah, we write these scripts do the briefs and we have a very nice system for the editors. >> Nice. So tell me about, you know, when it comes to your business right now in the tactical level, you're using VSSLs and you're using funnels. What does that look like? How long are your VSSLs and what does your funnel look like? Is it a three-step funnel? Is it on Shopify? Is it on funnelish? How do you structure it? >> No, we moved to for the funnels, we moved to funnelish since joining like the group. Mind you, I was like getting with Shopify, I was getting I already had bundles, but I was getting around 40 euro AOB on the funnel and the BSL boom on the front end. Not even considering the upselles. >> I I wasn't doing upselles. >> Same product. No, it was another one. But the BSL, the advertorial gives more trust. So people are willing to pay more. >> Buy more units. >> Amazing. So you had a big boost in AOV when you implemented funnels and VSSLs. And now going forward, what does your plan look like? Are you going to be running more offers? Do you want to build a brand? What are you what are you thinking in the next month? We started with uh cash flowing with a lot of offers but we realized uh it was very slow for the current team and it was easier to scale one offer health niche uh in different countries and grow the team with that and later we want to focus like on more like a kind of nuru type brand where you are drop shipping doing using dro response but you are branding all the products >> so it's kind of like a hybrid approach is what you're going for. >> Yeah. Yeah. And later on we want to we haven't decid decided this but probably exit and get into new vendors. >> Amazing. Amazing. So now I want to talk about when it came to your journey. So how long ago did you really get into direct response? How long are you about a year ago? I think >> no. No >> less >> months. I got like in the group I joined the group in December. Early December. until now like I knew about the response but but there's no there's nothing out there teaching it unless you pay >> you have to join the groups in order to learn. >> So this was my first and only group that I joined about the response and I learn everything like you learn the breakdowns and then you start breaking down yourself. That's and that's how you learn. >> You actually explain that in a YouTube video. You have to break down every day. >> Yes, 100%. So, you've probably become a much better copywriter now even in just 6 months. So, during that six months, tell me about because I think a lot of the people watching are going to want to hear about some of the specific details about what did you struggle with? What were the main bottlenecks? What were the things that really you had to figure out and break through to get to this level where you're at now doing six figures a month? What were those those big bottlenecks on the way up? Okay, the first one was uh switching from COD to drop shipping, but most people are not going to do COD. I don't think anyway >> that you actually told me you are focusing too much time on operations and you have to focus just on marketing. So, focus on marketing and switch to drop shipping. Made the switch and it was more consistent and scalable. >> Nice. >> Second was meta bands. Yeah, a lot of bands early on like February, March fixed that with Brandon within the group too. He helped me out. He spent like one month uh fixing that. After >> you you redid your whole Facebook infrastructure. >> Yeah, I didn't have it. Like it was my personal account and from there we redid everything. Then the all the processes were super slow because everything was relying on me and I was the bottleneck. M >> you made me realize that like everyone on the group and you with the weekly goals you made me realize you have to delegate and you have to like not only delegate but have a system. >> Yeah. So I had a very simple system with notion like a campan style board. Taught that to my video editor and yeah within like two three months the video editor when this is this was very high level to go like hiring a proper video editor. He didn't know anything but he really wanted to learn. So within two months he already knew how to properly edit the VSSLs. And right now for example we are launching around one bsl every day if we have all the content. So if we have all the libraries same same product just making iterations 24 hours and if it's something new maybe two three days >> more time for the content. >> Amazing. And then on the other side of that, so those are the bottlenecks that you overcame a lot of them through creating simple systems to get yourself out of the >> You know, the flow of the day-to-day stuff. What about the things that worked really well for you? What were the things that you implemented that just took everything, you know, to the next level? >> Yeah. Like the the biggest levers? >> Uh honestly, it was breaking down being good at copywriting, writing the VSSLs. It's going to take time. You have to be patient. doing that and yeah, I mean pretty simple like uh following all the steps to to write a proper DSL yeah and delegating so you can make more content faster and you can so the feedback loop is faster >> and you can yeah you can create more VSSLs faster. >> Amazing. Yeah, it's all about the VSSLs. >> Yeah. Awesome. something we actually we got it fixed with within one and two weeks, but we started to get a lot of refunds and we we talked about that and you told me you have to track all the refunds and things that happened with the CS team. You have to track everything. Find the reason of the refunds and fix that. Once that's fixed, boom, less refunds and better margins. That's it. >> Awesome. And then when it comes to creative testing, because that's really the main engine behind this growth, right? Making sure you're testing high quantity and high quality of VSSLs and variations. What does your creative testing process look like? How many people are on involved in that? And and and do you have any systems for managing that and what are they? >> So normally what we do is I already break down uh different brands like right now health uh in the health needs. I already break them down and now and after that I find what works and I rewrite the VSSLs. So I yeah I try to combine different parts of each VSSL and rewrite them. Once that is like the every day once the VSSL is like the script is written we create the like the project or the brief for the video editor. he grabs that and finishes the like does the video editing. >> Uh for the research normally if I find when I find a new product I research the the angle or the pain it's it's trying to fix or we are going to not fix but help and yeah like find the mechanism of the product how it helps with that pain and understand the pain deeply. >> Nice. And yeah, researching a lot of forums. So instead of reviews, I research. I love reading forums because they speak about their personal story >> and everyone like they interact with each other. >> See what they tried, what they didn't try, what they are try considering trying to fix the product and like I was seeing no I I'm considering 21K uh surgery. Another girl tried the surgery, said it didn't work. Another one was recommending like a 1K product, and I was like, that's this is gold mine. I can I can make >> Yeah. And which So that's a that's a that's a golden nugget right there using forums. And which forums do you like specifically? >> Oh, no. For like the markets, for example, Reddit is very nice. >> Yeah. But uh you have to go uh at least for us in Europe, you have to go deeper. So Reddit is like for people that know Reddit exists. But if you are trying to sell to older people, I don't know in US, but at least in Europe, they don't know about Reddit. So you have to search the term and the forum and you'll get needs exact forums for that pain. And that's where >> so you'll search up something like knee pain or knee arthritis forum. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And then you'll find these super niche forums. >> Yeah. Yeah. And then you go into the forum and you research within the frog forum >> all the threads. Maybe if you have to create an account if you have to like >> Yeah. And that's how you're coming up with a lot of your new angles and your new messaging for hooks and leads and stuff like that. So that's your creative testing process. When it comes to your upsells, that can be a really big lever for a lot of people. It can double your AOV, it can boost, they can double your profit margin. What are you doing in terms of upsells? Have you have you gone deep into that? And if so, what have you seen? >> No, I haven't gone deep into them like uh I've only done the uh without BSLs like >> like a simple oneclick upsell. Yeah, simple one click upselles, but uh normally it's depending on the product because if if it's a a product that they are going to buy once, you're not going to sell more of that. >> So, you want to find like a complimentary products, >> but got it. Now, for someone that is just starting out, maybe in the position that you were in a few months ago, right, when you were at your last dollar and you were just getting into, you know, running your own e-commerce business, what would you recommend to someone like that? Someone who's starting out, someone who's ambitious, who wants to make it work, who's willing to put in the work and to learn. How would you recommend they get started? And and what approach should they take? Oh, I think there's no they have to learn copyrightiting and their response like that's the the best way of marketing. There's a lot of people that don't understand that they are doing great numbers but that's not the best way to go about it. So watch like before joining the group I watch all of the your breakdowns on YouTube and understood maybe try to apply those if you can if you are capable of using the free content try to apply it if not join the group for one month that that was my plan actually join the group for one month and leave making money and leaving the group but yeah join the group over the breakdown down because it took me I think within two three days of solely doing that. You can go over the the whole um course and launch the offers and launch the offers if you for example if you want to save cash maybe do a product research before joining of direct response products that actually help avoid or fix one pain. And so once you join you learn how to advertise those products. So you already made the product research and you are not wasting time within that. Also don't waste too much time doing product research. Just like >> do it obviously but >> don't spend one one week. Join the group learn about the course launch bsls and that's it. You can get >> Yeah. And you get all the like if you ask a question someone's someone's gonna help you out within the >> Yeah. Maybe Assir will help you out. >> Maybe. >> All right. Well, here I appreciate all of that. We covered most of what I wanted to cover. I think that there's been a lot of tactical insights and also sharing your journey I think is going to inspire a lot of people especially who are in those early stages to see what's possible when you actually have a strategy and you really execute it. So the last thing I wanted to ask you about, you know, we've talked a lot about the group. Um, you know, I didn't ask us here to do that. He's just he he's just a a very successful member of it. So the last thing is if you can summarize, you know, the main things you learned from it, um, from the from the school community, from Ecom Blueprint, and just give your thoughts on it, just your honest thoughts. You don't have to say nice things if you don't want to. >> No, don't worry. So the first one is obviously direct response and BSLs. you're gonna learn everything, but that's the first thing you understand how to drive traffic and get sales. But in order to scale within the group, the what I learned that's super valuable was the operating the business and being able to delegate hire well like hire proper people having the systems and scaling the business >> with profit. Important. >> Yeah. Amazing. And again, yeah, you said you have pretty high margin, 30 35%. So that comes down to really good operations as well as good advertising. So you're executing well. Well, Assir, my friend, if somebody wants to reach out to you, where can they do that? Do you have a social media that you prefer them to reach out on? >> Yeah, I leave my Twitter account in the comments of the podcast. >> I'll put it in the description. So it'll be in the description of this video. >> I send it to you and they can DM me there. Tell me, hey, I come from the podcast and ask me any question. >> Amazing. All right, Air, thank you so much for your time. I appreciate it, my friend. And take care. >> Pleasure. Take care, bro. >> Goodbye. >> Bye. >> When you're testing new angles for your VSSLs, the goal is to find one that resonates with your market, with your target audience, with as little money and time invested as possible, so you can move on quickly to building out the funnel and a more comprehensive VSSL, and you can cut losers fast. So, some of the secrets to how I test angles within my offers is with mini VSSLs. This is our secret bullet. We create a general advertorial, a problem focused one. Let's say it's about knee pain, back pain, hair loss, whatever problem we're solving. The advertorial is focused on that. The headline call out is about that. And then we create 5 to 10 minis which are 60 to 180 seconds long for each of those angles that we want to test. So, let's say it's knee pain that we're going after. We have a general problem focused advertorial. And some of these angles that we're going to go after in our VSSLs are going to be arthritis, um, arthritis, knee pain, fear of getting a knee surgery, the cost of knee pain, going to the chiropractor or the physical therapist, and runner's knee. These are just some examples off the top of my head, but you come up with some angles and then you turn those into mini VSSLs, which you can cover a lot of ground very fast. You can test them all at once and for at most $1,000. So we make six more angles. We have a total of 10. We accumulate these angle ideas through AI, deep research, niche forums, Google, anywhere we can. Reviews from other customers and reviews for our own customers. We're going to dig deep and we're going to come up with new approaches to the problem. I'm going to talk more about coming up with those angles in a second. Once we have the mini VSSLs produced, we launch them each at a budget of 50 to 200 bucks per day depending on the current scale we're at and the AOV of our hero product. We want simplicity and we want streamlined production. What that means is that all mini VSSLs can follow the same script and structure adapted to the specific angle we're working with. This saves you a ton of time because you can write it all with AI. If you have a copyrightiting AI in less than two hours, way less than that. In 30 30 minutes, you can write 10 different VSSLs. And a decent video editor can produce them all in 3 to 5 days. There are lots of repeated scenes because the script and the structures are similar. So, it can save them a ton of time. These mini VSSLs are directed to the problem focused advertorial and the funnel is very simple. The rest of the funnel stays the same as our usual one. And the goal here isn't to get something that's wildly profitable. The goal here is to see which one or two angles are going to perform better than the rest of them. That's how we get direction. And that's what we're really trying to do here. There's no way to lose because you're winning by narrowing it down. Then you take the top one or two angles and you build out a full 5 to 15 minute VSSL with the hook, the lead variations, a custom advertorial, a custom product page, all congruent with that angle. So let's say knee pain is our product is our big problem, but we're going after different angles and we find that knee arthritis is the highest performer. We build out a VSSL with hooks, leads that are calling it out, that are expanding on the problem, talking about the root cause, and an advertorial that's coming from the perspective of someone who resolved this issue. Once we have that congruence, the performance of the funnel is going to be way better. So now you're going to be testing just one or two out of 10. So a lot of people do they skip the first part and they go straight to testing every angle with a fully built out VSSL funnel, etc. And it takes so much money and time. You're going to spend thousands of dollars and it's going to take you weeks to go through 10 angle tests. Now this this system is less comprehensive, but it's way faster. This way, you can test 10 new angles every month or more, depending on what total scale you're at and how much you're willing to spend on ads. You can go for 10 new angles per month easily, and that's going to give you a huge amount of ammunition in your creative pipeline. So, some technical details here when it comes to the angle test. I'm launching each mini VSSL with three hooks. So, there's three ads in each ad set, which are the three variations of each mini VSSL, 10 total adets. the full VSSL. Once I determined which angles I want to pursue further, they're launched with minimum three leads with three hooks each for a total of nine variations, all focused on the same angle at different levels of market sophistication. And I'm usually sending these new angle tests to the original winning advertorial for the offer. And I I always test my new offers with a general approach. So the VSSL body and the advertorial are general big problem focused. And that takes the guesswork out of which angle is is is working. you know, I don't make a custom angle advertorial and then test a bunch of different angles to it. So, I have a bonus resource here how how I go about finding new angles. If you want access to this uh document, the finding new angles document, just DM me. I I'll send you this entire document, including the above and the bonus, just DM me on Instagram. My Instagram is linked below. Just DM me, say you want the angles document, and I'll send it over to you, and you can have access to to the bonus as well. So, I hope you enjoyed this quick video. It's just about something very simple, but extremely important because this is how I fill my creative pipeline more than anything is new angles. Um, I do test a lots of variations of what's currently winning in the ad account, but my biggest wins have always come from getting a new winner, a new angle, building out a full funnel for it, and scaling that. That's how I've been able to double uh the scale of some of my offers. And I've done this many times. So, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, give the video a like and subscribe if you want your algorithm to give you more ecom content. If you have any questions, leave them in the comments. And if you're interested in more resources on VSSLs, funnels, etc., I have a private ecom community called the ecom blueprint hosted on school. We have over a 100 members and I'm sharing a lot more resources like this in there every day. And if you're interested in higher level stuff, I have a highle mastermind that's coming out. You're doing over 50k a month. So that's the minimum threshold to be qualified to enter the higher level mastermind. All right, thank you for watching. Have a great day and take care. Peace. Boom. Mini VSSL story based performing very well. So, let's begin with the script. This weird sticker improved my sleep afold. It had a 1 2 3 4 5 punch that knocked me out to dreamland in minutes. Very effective hook that calls out the target audience by their desire to sleep better. Adds intrigue and a reason to keep watching the weird sticker, which is a loop that's not closed. And it has two benefits. It improved the sleep. So, that's a general call out for people who want to improve sleep. and it knocked me out to dreamland. It put me to sleep in minutes. So, fast sleep, a specific benefit. There's curiosity and there's intrigue. There's also two quick benefits. Sleep better and sleep faster. How do you function during the day if you can't sleep well at night? This only takes 5 minutes, so keep watching. Again, another open loop to keep them in. This is the most important part. We got to keep them watching in the hook. Tired of feeling and looking like a zombie? This breakthrough solution makes you sleep better at the least cost is taking over the market like crazy. So, we're agitating the problem. So, we've done a lot of things in these first three sections of the hook. It's a longer hook. We've done three things. Intrigue through the weird sticker and that only takes 5 minutes. That's what keeps them watching. The reason they're watching is that they want to improve their sleep. We're also calling out the target market so Facebook knows who to target so we can get good cost and get the right traffic into the DSL. And we're agitating the problem. So, a reason to keep watching from both sides to get the benefit better sleep and to solve the problem feeling like a zombie not being able to operate during your day. That's the problem agitation. Now, we're going to expand on that with the story. An ingenious sleep specialist from California just sent the billion-dollar sleep industry into a panic by creating a device that can make you sleep in minutes without drugs. That's the short pitch right there. Authority figure sleep specialist sends the industry into a panic so there's social proof. Creating a device that can make you sleep in minutes without drugs. New solution that's better than the alternatives. Dr. Roberts took matters into his own hands after noticing a 300% rise in sleeping disorders. So, this is the origin story. His motivation is is he saw the problem and he's an expert in the field and he wanted to solve it. So we start with the end in mind. He created the product and now we're going to explain how and what it is. These these sleeping disorders are causing cognitive impairment and exposing people to toxic side effects as they try to get relief from sleeping pills. So agitating once again the bigger problem, the large mass scale problem. We've already done the personal one. Blessed with a gift for innovation and a desire to help. So he's the hero. This is the hero's journey. He was able to develop a device using principles of neuroscience. There's some proof elements to make people fall asleep fast and stay asleep longer. There's the promise, the benefit. Notice that the copy's very dense. No words are wasted. We're either agitating the problem, adding proof elements and authority figure, or we're going to be promising making benefits or we're doing open loops and curiosity to keep them watching. This is a short VSSL. It's 3 minutes long. I'm going to show the full VSSL at the end, but it's extremely effective because of how the copy is structured. After a small number of patients tried it, the sleep specialist behind it knew he had to get it to the public. So, there's initial success. Now, we're going to go bigger. This is always how these stories go. I tried it. My friend tried it. My clients tried it. And I knew I had something and I had to make it bigger. He started selling the device online and at first relied on word of mouth. But what he didn't expect was for the device to go viral after customers started sharing their positive experiences after using it. After word got out about what he made, investors quickly lined up. There's the social proof. So, he gave these benefits. He created this product. It worked for those clients. Now we want to make it big. It started to go viral. Investors wanted it. People are sharing positive experiences. So, you're not alone in believing in it and being excited for the product. There's backup for your desire, which makes it easier to maintain and consciously accept. They told him they would help him go down in history, but a representative of Big Pharma approached offering a million dollars for the rights to monopolize it. Dr. Roberts flat out refused. So that's building up this enemy which is very effective because it takes all that skepticism we have of any kind of new product or solution that's introduced to us that's human nature. We want to ease that skepticism and in this case he puts it onto big pharma. So he shifts the attention of the enemy. Right? Anytime you're being told a message subtly the mind treats the person telling it to you as an enemy because it doesn't want to just accept all new information automatically. So now we can point to the big pharma rep as the enemy and it puts us on the side of Dr. Roberts much more likely to believe what he has to say. It also makes the VSSL more engaging and exciting. It was then that he realized how big an impact his device could have partnering with Healthy Lab Co. Now we bring in the brand. They perfected the product and readied it for mass production. They named it Deep Sleep Patch. Now the official product introduction is in. And next we're going to be getting into the solution mechanism. It's the only one that contains the sleep hormone melatonin, valyan root, hops, magnesium, and 5HTP. So we introduced the solution partnered with the brand developed with neuroscience. The name we have the official name so it's a product now instead of just a solution or a device or a new discovery and it contains these ingredients. That's the short pitch right there and this is what it does and how it does it. This is the unique mechanism. The sleep inducing capabilities of the deep sleep patch are simply unmatched by any regular sleeping device. Uh compares it favorably to an alternative solution. Any other device this is better. And why is that? We have to have proof for that. We can't just make empty claims. That's because of its brilliant osmotic absorption technology. That's the solution mechanism which makes the solution, the promises, the benefits believable. It delivers the five sleep inducers directly into the cells. This raises the level of the neurotransmitter serotonin which is responsible for sending the signal to the brain to rest. So again, how it works, adding proof, reducing skepticism, increasing desire and believability. Just stick it to your tummy or any part of your body. We have a demonstration which makes it real and vivid where there is very little hair and it will kickstart your serotonin to make you fall asleep in minutes. Stay deeply asleep throughout the night and wake up feeling fully refreshed and happy. It works whether you're finding it difficult to feel drowsy, wake up at the slightest sound, or feel the urge to get up. So, we qualify everyone. We've called out people who are struggling with sleep, which is a huge market, but at this point, if they have desire, they're wondering, "Does this work for me?" That's always a question you have to answer. Is this going to work for me? and we and we make it clear it's going to work for you whether you're just struggling a little bit, whether you wake up in the middle of the night or you're just a general bad sleeper. So, we qualify everyone. These are the promises, right? So, now that we've introduced the solution, we've introduced how it works, the solution mechanism. Now, we're going to introduce the promises and the benefits, the reason you want it. Every so often, customers around the world are choosing the Breakthrough Deep Sleep Patch over toxic sleeping pills. Would you also like to sleep better without the fear of side effects? We make it personal. Finally, we at this point we haven't used the word you, but now we're making it personal. We're putting it on them. Would you like this? Healthy Lab Co. is offer offering the deep sleep patch at a huge 55% discount. A reason to buy now and to act now for a limited time period to get it to as many people as possible. And a reason for the discount. As with the world, as the world deals with increasing sleep difficulties that diminish cognitive functions, it's time to join the smart urban revolution toward natural health and wellness solutions. So, it's great. Uh the close is very simple. The wrap-up is very simple. It's really just these two sentences. Would you like this? There's a reason to buy now. A discount and a limited time. And then just a final closing statement with social proof. The world is dealing with the problem. So join the revolution to natural health and wellness solutions. So now it feels like you're riding a wave. You don't have to make this decision by yourself. Other people have already made it. You're just riding the wave, which is a lot easier than being the first to make the decision. And then the proof elements that we have here, the early patients saw results. It went viral via word of mouth. investors lined up and the smart urban revolution. And then we have the final call to action, the discount. It's limited time and you need to act now. So, a quick summary of the structure that we have here. We have the hook, the weird sticker, calling out the target market with the sleep problems and offering some unique engaging messaging with the weird sticker that keeps them watching. We agitate the problem. You're sleepd deprived. Uh, you're walking through your day like a zombie and the pills have side effects. The authority figure, the hero's journey, Dr. Roberts comes in. He's an expert. He wanted to solve the problem. He has a good reason for it. He saw the effect of sleep issues. Now we have an enemy and a conflict. The big pharma is trying to bury it. We have a solution introduction. Now we have reveal it. They partnered with healthy lab code. They created the deep sleep patch. This is how it works. The osmotic absorption. This is the reason you should believe it. The benefits and the promises. The reason you need it, the reason you want it. Building that desire. Social proof. And then the offer, the close, getting them to buy now. So it's a problem, a story, an enemy comes in. the solution is introduced, the mechanism is explained, proof is given, and then the offer is is uh closed. I've also included a template uh for the mini VSSL framework. You can get this document in the description of this YouTube video. It includes the script, the structure, and also the main copy elements. So, this is a great way to improve your copywriting and VSSL skills, right? Reviewing this kind of stuff. You can use this across many different niches. Health, beauty, gadgets, supplements, any physical product that you're selling direct to consumer to a mass market. This structure is going to be highly effective. And then let's just rem review the big copy elements because that's what all of this is based on. I always talk about this, but the main two things you have before you put together any VSSL, if you nail these, you're going to do a great job is your big five copy elements and your VSSL structure. So, I've shown you the VSSL structure that you can swipe and now let's review the big copy elements. This is the first thing that they put together before selecting the structure. The big promise, fall asleep fast, stay asleep all night, wake up refreshed naturally without drugs is the natural wellness solution revolution. That's the big promise. The big problem, sleep disorders, reliance on toxic pills, and you're groggy, unhealthy, unproductive. You're walking through life like a zombie. That's the big problem. This is what you're going to get. The big promise. This is the big problem. This is what you're dealing with now. And the way we get you from the problem to the solution is the solution mechanism. The deep sleep patch restores serotonin natural sleep signals through targeted delivery of sleep inducers without the drugs. That's the how. The problem mechanism, the reason for the problem, the current solutions are harmful. They target symptoms, not the root cause, not the real deep sleep signals. And then the proof elements. In this case, we have the authority figure. We have some statistics. The rise in sleeping disorders. The big pharma being involved adds credibility to it. Customers are going viral. Investors are coming. They partnered with a brand with a health DDC company, Healthy Lab Co. And then we give in information about the ingredients and the mechanism. So authority, science, testimonials, the David Goliath fight. Those are the proof elements. So those are the big five copy elements that are making up the foundation of this VSSL. So that's the foundation. That's the ground we're building on. And the architecture, the structure of the building is the structure of the VSSL, the VSSL flow. And then the copy is just filling it in. That's the final step. And if you do the first two steps, well, the copy is going to be really strong. And the VSSL is going to perform. Now, let's check out the VSSL itself. It's 3 minutes long. I'll play it on screen, and you can see how this all ties together in a real video. >> This weird sticker improved my sleep afold. It had a 1 2 3 4 5 punch that knocked me out to dreamland in minutes. How >> very simple hook structure with a UGC actor using the product with a very simple headline. >> Two, three, four, five punch that takes 5 minutes, so keep watching. Tired of feeling and looking like a zombie from lack of sleep? This breakthrough solution that makes you sleep better at the least cost is taking over the market like crazy in the US. An ingenious sleep specialist. >> So, the video itself is very simple in terms of the content they're doing. They have a few UGC creators and they're cycling through those clips just putting on the patch using the product and then mixing that with stock footage. >> From California just sent the billiondoll sleep industry into panic by creating a device that can make you sleep in minutes without drugs. Dr. Roberts took matters into his own hands after noticing a 300% rise in sleeping disorders that are causing cognitive impairment and exposing people to toxic side effects as they try to get relief from sleeping pills. Blessed with a gift for innovation and a desire to help, he was able to develop a device using principles of neuroscience to make longer. After a small number of patients tried it, the sleep specialist behind it knew he had to get it out to the public. He started selling the device online and at first relied on word of mouth. But what he didn't expect was for the device to go viral after customers started sharing their positive experiences after using it. So, the effect, the net effect of using all these UGC clips is that it looks like a blog post that you'd see on social media going viral from Daily Mail or some uh blog aggregator because it has so many organic clips filmed from people's iPhones, right? There's only a limited amount of stock footage and only when they're explaining from a third person perspective, um when they're talking about these people and the use of the product, they're using the UGC clips, which is highly effective. After word got out about what he made, investors quickly lined up. They told him that they would help him go down in history. But when a representative of big pharma approached, offering $1 million for the rights to monopolize it, Dr. Roberts flat out refused. It was then that he realized how big an impact his device could have. Partnering with Healthy Lab Co., they perfected the product and readied it for mass production. They named it Deep Sleep Patch. It's the only one that contains the sleep hormone melatonin, valyan root, hops, magnesium, and 5http. The sleep inducing capabilities of the deep sleep patch are simply unmatched by any regular sleep device thanks to its It delivers the five sleep inducers directly into the cells. This raises >> as always uh I always mention this one of the most important parts of the video itself is showing those 3D animations when you explain the solution mechanism. So showing this while they're explaining >> it delivers the five sleep induced >> it just has this effect on the brain that it makes it a lot easier to visualize and accept what's being said when you can see it in a medical animation >> directly into the cells. This raises the level of the neurotransmitter serotonin which is responsible for sending the signal for the brain to rest. Just stick it to your tummy or any part of your body where there is very little hair and it will kickstart your serotonin to make you fall asleep in minutes. Stay deeply asleep throughout the night and wake up feeling fully refreshed and happy. It works whether you're finding it difficult to feel drowsy, wakes up at get up every so often. Customers around the world are choosing the breakthrough deep sleep patch over toxic sleeping pills. Would you also like to sleep better without the fear of side effects? Healthy Labco is offering the deep sleep patch at a huge 55 discount for a limited period to get it to as many people as possible. As the world deals with increasing sleep difficulties that solutions. Click on the link below and claim a 55 discount on your purchase. This is a limited time opportunity while supplies last and the price is set to increase at any moment. Click on the link to claim your 55 discount on the deep sleep patch today. >> And that's it. that is the VSSL. So the video is very simple, very easy to make. Um I will link leave a link to that document, the breakdown document with the structure, the script, and the copy elements in the description. Um I hope you enjoyed the video. If you have any comments or any VSSLs you want me to break down specifically, you can DM them to me or put them in the comments and I will happily do so. And if you want to check out my private community, the Ecom Blueprint, that'll be linked in the description below. All right, thank you for watching and take care. I'll see you on the next one. All right, welcome back to the Direct Response podcast. On today's show, we have Nick Theo. Most of you are probably familiar with him. He's a media buyer. Uh he's scaled all kinds of ecom offers. He's been in the game for many years now, and we have the chance to ask him some questions. So, thank you, Nick, for coming on. It's great to have you here. >> Thank you for having me on, Fernando. I'm actually excited for this. Huge fan of direct response, obviously. So, any any opportunity we can speak about some direct response ads, it's like, hey, I'm game. So, I appreciate you having me on. >> For sure. Amazing. So, could you start us off with a quick, you know, background about you? Anything we don't know? >> I mean, there's a lot to know about me, I guess you could say, from just like YouTube and stuff like that. Um, but, you know, for just like the general people, you know, first time hearing about me and everything like that. Uh, my name is Nick Tero. I've been writing ads now for 10 years. I wrote my first ad ever October of 2015. So, technically it's like nine years. And you know, I'm literally like 14 days away from 10 years in this industry actually writing direct response ads now. But yeah, so dropped out of college, started my first business. When I started my first business, I needed a way to get customers. Found Facebook ads. Then I learned like what you say in those ads actually drive customers to your business. So that's how I discovered like copywriting, direct response advertising. And you know, to be fair, I just found a natural love for it the minute that I uh uh started writing and starting to understand like how to actually convey emotion and you know, talking about a product into an ad and get people to buy. It's just a really cool feeling. Um allows you to be creative, but also to like make money from your creativity and stuff. And then, uh 10 years later now, I've started an agency. Yeah, I've started a YouTube channel teaching everything I know about ads and direct response on that YouTube channel as well. Uh I've done a little over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients through direct response advertising and stuff like that just over the last five years. So overall uh it's probably I guess you could say a full full background on me and everything like that. >> Awesome. Well, thank you for that. I appreciate that. So now that we know you know the gist of it, let's dive into direct response. So, for those clients that you're working with, what does the ad format look like on Facebook? Are you running any VSSLs? Is it direct response UGC? What's your go-to? >> I think it's a little bit of everything. To be fair, I wouldn't say it's just one. And that's because like, you know, diver creative diversity is the biggest one. Um, I think for me my most popular format though is literally just going into like 11 Labs, tossing a script into 11 Labs, getting an AI voice over, getting a bunch of B-roll we have on file and I obviously everything's going to be direct response. You know, I'm not doing any branding plays or anything like that there. So, um, you know, we have a desire, we have an awareness, we have an avatar we want to talk to. Uh, we start off with that and then the whole ads based around that. >> Okay, awesome. And on the funnel side, are you using advertorials, listicles, quizzes? What do you see working the best for DC? >> Um, I think listicles are my favorite. Uh, just because of how quickly they are to pop out. Um, for the average person, they can crush it with listicles very quickly. uh for advvertorials, they're significantly harder to produce and actually like create, but I find those having the largest success when you do hit an avitorial. Uh typically for me like my unaware and problemware markets, I'm doing avitorials and then for my like solution aware product markets, I'm going more listical specifically. And then lastly is I will do uh I like to turn my advvertorials into VSSL. Once I find a winning aviatorial, uh, VSSLs are typically harder to produce just because like you have to like get an actor and like I don't know, it's just a lot more stuff going on into a 10 to 20 minute long video. Whereas like an avitorial, I can test a lot more of those a lot more efficiently, then take the winning avitorial and just make that my VSSL script. Uh, and I find those work the best right there to like go into VSSLs and stuff. And then lastly, quizzes. Quizzes is something I've actually recently been testing out. I haven't did much of those, but I've recently started testing those. I haven't really had any huge successes with them yet. But they are fun. I do like them. I like them specifically for qualification to where like it makes the product feel a little bit more unique and custom to them if we qualify them based off a couple problems they're having, diagnosing them, and then from there even qualifying them before they buy. They're really fun. So, we haven't had any huge wins though I can really gloat about with those, but I've been having a lot of fun using those. has been using Hey Flow to to to create them and we've been we've been enjoying those a lot lately for that. >> Yeah, I've seen the quizzes crush it for supplements for exactly that reason. It feels custom, feels unique to you, less so for the physical product. Um, just to give you a little bit a little bit of a background, our audience is mostly direct response ecom offer owners doing VSSLs and advertorials. So VSSLs anywhere from 5 to 20 minutes to an advertorial funnel. That's what most of these guys are doing. So when it comes to the media buying side, VSSLs are different, right? They're a longer ad. It's it's a different type of traffic. It's a different quality of traffic compared to like a 30 or 60-cond ad. >> How how do you go about that when it comes to media buying, you know, like you're going to take more time to get reliability of the results? Like >> you're going to test more variations. It's a little bit more complex, right? So, could you talk about that a little bit? Media buying the longer ads. >> Um, I mean, are we looking at it from like a like I I think this is also like a misconception as well. is a VSSL for you guys like running traffic to a VSSL landing page or we talking about a VSSL creative? >> We're talking about VSSL creatives. >> Okay, that's the big thing. And that's funny, too, because I I know recently like people been looking at VSSLs as like the actual creative, not come from like the personal branding world, which personal branding world, we're looking at VSSL landing pages. So, not everyone's talking about VSSLs. I'm like, wait, hold up. Which one are we talking about here? But as far as like actual VSSLs inside of the campaign itself, I mean, we're not really doing anything different in terms of like how we're testing and stuff due to it taking a lot longer to produce and stuff. Obviously, we want to give it the highest possible chance of performing. So, usually this will come down to like, okay, let's say, you know, we get this 15 20 minute long video created, right? From there, taking that, can we swap out the beginning? you know, what are our macro like our big control levers of getting that VSSL to work from a media mind perspective. We're just launching in the campaign to be fair. I mean, we're not doing anything special. Uh maybe we'll put like a little bit higher of like a minimum spin on that particular adset where like Facebook prioritizes it at the end of the day to get some spin and everything. Um but for the most part, a lot of it's going to be back down to the creative side of okay, hey, we tested this VSSL, it didn't perform, you know, it had a really high cost per click. it uh barely gets any spin and stuff like that. Uh has a really low watch rate and stuff. What can we do first? Starting off with that beginning part right there, the hook. Uh reworking that uh from a visual side and a textual side. Um and then the lead as well, just that first like 30 60 seconds of that video right there. Can we rework that to where it really pulls people in a little bit better? Um, then from there, we'll just kind of test other versions right there of just like at like this particular moment right here, this doesn't quickly align. Um, but usually those are more like specific to like certain creatives where we actually identify a problem in the video that we're running. >> Got it. And to circle back, we we did mention misconceptions, but could you go deeper into some I'm sure you see, you know, a lot of misconceptions that you can identify. Could you enlighten us a little bit >> like in terms of like VSSL >> media buying misconceptions? Oh, media buying misconception. I made a post about that today on Twitter because the major first misconception a lot of people think is that they think that, oh, if I want to spend more on Facebook, I need like a really complex ad account. I need dozens of campaigns. I need to be doing cost caps. I need to be doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need to be doing bid caps. Like, I need to be doing it all to like spend. And like for us, you know, we're spending 300 400k a month inside of a Facebook ad account. And like we're we're literally running one campaign per product category. We're keeping it extremely simple. We're spending 5 10 minutes a day inside the ad account. Whereas like people think you need to be spending all day inside of the ad account just tweaking out over all the little settings and stuff. And I I say that from experience because I used to do the same and I used to do the same and I got very very poor results until I shifted over to like just focusing all on like direct response principles and stuff of the ads, the landing page, the offer and optimization of the AOV. So I think misconception one is just time in the ad count and what they need to focus on. Uh misconception number two is that Facebook is against us. Uh, I've seen so many people talk about that where it's like, you know, Facebook doesn't want to make us money because, you know, they wanna they want to have all the money. Um, if they see us winning, they're going to charge us more and like all of that stuff. And I'm like, that's completely false. Like, Facebook knows you're going to spend more money if you're profitable. So, they're going to do everything in their power to help you become profitable and make you more money, but they can only do so much with the assets you give it. And those assets are your creatives, your landing page, your product itself. And if you're giving it bad assets, like they still have to make sure that customers log onto their platform every day. And those customers are not advertisers. Those are people that actually scroll the platform on the Facebook feed. And if we're pissing those people off, we won't even have an audience to run ads to. So they have to protect their platform. So that's why when you give it bad ads, scammy looking Facebook uh landing pages, when you give it scammy products and stuff like that, that's why they demote you with higher CPM and stuff. So I think the first one is Facebook's not out there against you. Facebook wants to work with you. And then from there, from like the last misconception, I think it just kind of goes back down to like what we talked about earlier on control and stuff. For us, we keep it super simple. We give Facebook all the control. All we do is just change the budget and change the creatives. And then that way for us it's the creative and the landing page creates the audience. So Facebook actually goes through that whole creative to understand who you're targeting. It also goes one layer deep into the landing page you're sending traffic to to help out with targeting and optimization and stuff. So if we can give again Facebook better assets, it can help us out a lot with improving performance. Um, and I would say those are probably like the three biggest misconceptions right now that I would say like people that are like spending $500 to $1,000 a day. Usually those people are ones that like overcome this and then you know scale further. But there's even been accounts that 5 10k a day spend that they still have these misconceptions and when we fix those in those accounts then it's like oh shoot now we're spending 25 30 40k a day in ad spin because we've swapped around those misconceptions right there. So, it's really just simplify and focus everything on the creative. >> Absolutely. Absolutely. >> It seems like that's been the advice for a long time, but everyone just doesn't want to believe it. >> And and the cool thing is like Facebook's forcing people to do it now. >> We've seen this with Advantage Plus campaigns and Advantage Plus targeting and all that. Like Facebook is literally like shifting everything around to, hey, you only need this one campaign and you fill it up with good creative and that's it. And I guess it's just because it's so simple. people do not want to listen to it. And then also too, it's that good creative is such a perspectivedriven comment that there's no definition of good creative. And every person you talk to is going to have a different perspective on what good creative is. I mean, for me, it's like you're going out there, you're doing the research, you're building out specific creatives to reach these people that we just did research on, build a hypothesis on how this creative is going to effectively target and talk to them. uh overcoming all their beliefs and things they leverage to buy and then being able to put all that in a anywhere between a static ad to a 20-minute long VSSL depending on what level of awareness you're targeting. And then that's a good creative right there. Um and that's going to be different again from a perspective of like anyone you talk to. >> Right. Of course. Okay. Thank you. And then when it comes to testing these ads, what are like some of the biggest bottlenecks that you see repeatedly? the biggest patterns that these ad accounts have where the ads are just stalling or they're not scaling. >> I think a big one people don't look at is frequency. A lot of the accounts that we take over that are at a plateau or a lot of my student accounts and stuff and they're kind of stuck at a certain level of ad spend and everything like that and they're testing new creatives but they're not getting anywhere. It's usually when I go look at their top two or three highest spending ads and their frequency on a 7-day window is really high, like 1.5, 1.6, maybe even 1.8. And for me, that's how I look at like ad fatigue in a way. And it's not necessarily ad fatigue. It's more of, hey, we're hitting a ceiling. So to blow beyond that ceiling, we need to create ads that can spend more than these ads, but with a lower frequency. And this is all always going to come down to creating creatives that reach a substantially larger group of people right there. Now, sometimes this may be completely changing the avatar and other times might just be how we're communicating to this particular avatar. Sometimes you have the right avatar, but you're just communicating to this particular avatar in a really bad way to where you're only appealing to like a 10% of that avatar, right? So, there's been times where it's just a simple change like that. There's been other times where like we're going after an avatar and we're only using like UGC videos and we never tried any other type of creative and then we go and try like a completely different creative type like maybe a photo ad with an avitorial and that performs 100 times better than the UGC. Uh so sometimes just changing the creative type plays an impact on that. um we may be communicating to the wrong particular desire where like we may be going after something that's not urgent at all or not relevant at all and then we change that desire to something that's more relevant people are actually going through right now. Uh so usually with those plateaus and stuff it's understanding number one the frequency side are we doing really good on the frequency side to the point where maybe we are maybe we have like a 1.02 frequency last seven days on my highest spending ads. Uh literally one of my students yesterday I was hopped on a call with them like they're spending $30,000 uh I think it's like 30 grand 30 40 grand a week they're spending so decent amount of money on ads and like literally all their ads have like a 1.05 frequency which is amazing. It's really good. It means it's appealing to majority every week but they had no lowerfunnel ads. So all of their ads were unaware ads but no lowerfunnel ads. So I was like, "Hey, if we want to bring down cost per purchase, we're funneling in tons of people and traffic into this business." So now we need to complete the other half of that sales cycle because as you start to spend more, you start going past uh it's the adoption curve where like 1% of people are like ready to take action now, then like two and a half% are a little bit more skeptical, but they take action. They just need a little bit more convincing then like it just keeps going up right there. So, as we start to spend more, we also get to more skeptical people to where we have to do a little bit more convincing and selling power. And that's where beefing up that lower funnel, more product aware, aware ads, and stuff like that. answering objections, questions, uh, testimonials, case studies, and stuff like that actually helps us lower cost per acquisition entirely for the ad account to where then we can actually go and spend even more now because now we have uh, what I call we patch the holes in the bucket with no lowerfunnel ads and all top offunnel uh, ads. We we have a lot of holes in our bucket and all that water is just flowing right through the bucket. That makes a lot of sense and that's I think super common that people really dial in the cold traffic which is the hardest part but then they don't have anything below. You already kind of answered this but like how would you recommend someone approach building out that bottom part of the funnel and would you say to keep everything in the same campaign because you talked about that simplicity and then it's just the creative that's doing the retargeting. >> Yeah, so we keep everything the same campaign. We don't build out like different campaigns for retargeting or anything like that. Um, we don't even touch on like retargeting audiences in like the fashion of like website visitors last 7 days, website visitors, um, or add to cart, stuff like that. Like we literally still target the same just advantage plus audience and let Facebook do the work and stuff. Anytime we're working on an ad account or like new students come out program and stuff, I always make sure we start off with closest to the money, which is going to be like your aware ads, which is just like literally take whatever offer you have now, slap it on a creative, and let it run. We're not really doing anything crazy selling power or anything like that. It's just aware. Boom. Here's our offer. Boom. Then we'll like go up into like the product aware stage. Create all the ads for that stage. Then go to solution aware. Create all the ads for that stage. Problem aware. Unaware. And I found that's always worked the best because we're it's like building a house. You know, you build the foundation, you work your way up. So if we only start with cold traffic, then when we crack it, we have that leaky bucket right there. So for us, we just start off with the lower funnel, work our way up. I technically do a new ad concept or uh a new ad set for every ad concept I launch. Um and an ad concept is just like a desire, awareness, sophistication, um avatar and either photo or video all kind of put together and then that either makes my video or makes my photo. And I just do like one of those per adset. So I'll just launch a new adset in that CBO campaign, launch my three ads for that ad concept in that ads set and then I'll just keep doing that. So like there's some accounts now that we've been running for the last 3 4 years where we have over 300 adsets in the CBO campaign but only like probably 15 maybe 20 or on depending on how much we're spending for that particular client. >> And do you ever go more than three variations or ads inside one of those adsets or do you keep it small? >> Yeah, that's a really good question right there. So what I like to do is I follow the uh 8020 rule in the sense of like I'm 20% of the ads I'm testing or new messaging where I go after a new desire, a new awareness level, new sophistication level, new avatar. And then 80% of my ads I'm testing are going to be iterations or variations of an existing winning ad right there. Uh cuz at the end of the day, it's like I just want to repeat successful actions just to keep making me like more money at the end of the day. Um, so when I'm looking at it from a new messaging perspective, I'm only creating three ads for that ad concept. Uh, so if I sit down and write a script, um, it's going to be the same script in all three of those ads for that ad concept, but I'll just change the visual hook for each one. That's it. >> Now, let's say I have a winning script and uh, we know for a fact this took overall spin. It's crushing. It's helping us, you know, succeed on our our advertising goals and stuff. I will literally go and create like six to 12 versions of that exact same video with the exact same script and just change the visuals in it. That's it. >> And like literally just doing that every week, I found so many winners just by literally changing the videos. And there's there's a psychological component to it when working with video editors because you're forcing them to go recreate the same script each week. And each week their ads get better because it's like you're forcing them to get more creative every time because they don't want to keep being repetitive. It's uh literally the same uh metaphor like in copywriting books where you're like write three pages of headlines, throw the first two pages of headlines away. Now that third page is the one with your winning one because the more you do it of that same thing, the better the output gets. So yeah, so in those those other ad sets with like iterations and variations, it'll be anywhere between one creative or 50 creatives. It just depends on like how many iterations and variations we want to do of a particular concept itself. Got it. Understood. And what let's talk about AI a little bit. What is your you know what how are you using it right now on the creative side? >> So I don't really do too much in terms of like the actual like me sitting there in nano. I know nano banana nano banana has been really popular this week as of September 2025. So I don't really do much because I I work with a lot of video editors, a lot of graphic designers. So, I'm only really focusing on the aspect of the actual script writing process um and like landing page uh writing process. Yeah. Now, as far as like my video editors and like the actual creative side of AI, I have one rule which is it shouldn't look like AI. >> That's it. And I think a lot of people like I I get questions like this all the time. Hey Nick, can I do well with AI creatives? I'm like if it looks like it's AI, no, you will not do well at all. But if you can actually put something together that doesn't look AI at all, then yes, you'll crush it as long as you have everything else under foundation like research and stuff right now. As far the actual script writing process itself, I find that this is where like a lot of people go wrong because they'll look at like chatbt at a beginner level, which is just like, hey, write me an ad script. Uh, here's my product. Write me an ad script. And like to be fair, it's gotten a lot better over the years, but I find with that is that it it leaves basically endless possibilities where chat GBT can go and everything. And my goal is that I want to continuously narrow down chat GBT of where it can go to focus on a higher quality output now because it can only go within this little box I constrain it to and stuff. So like for me, I want to do all the manual research. I do not like letting chat PT do the research for me unless it's like me just asking chatt a question like what's the symptoms of high blood pressure right um but I don't want to like give it the idea of like hey go research 50 products for me and tell me the the you know negative stars on each one because it's just not going to have the same understanding of like what I'm going for and stuff. So all the research I'm doing for myself um and then generally what'll happen is kind of like two things will happen. Number one, I start sprouting ad ideas as I'm doing that research and I'll just do the rough draft for those ad ideas. Um those rough drafts may be full on uh start to finish. Some of them might just be like five words >> and then I'll take that rough drafts, give it to chat with my research and have chat finish those rough drafts for me. Um, and that works really well because a lot of the time as a writer, you're kind of spending is thinking on how to put things together. And the cool thing about chat GPT is that it allows you to almost outsource that in a way to like, hey, you go do the logical connections for me and I'm just more copying for you. Then you have the other area which is like I have no clue what to write. Um I have no ideas or anything. I'm working with a complex product. So I'll give Chhat GBT all the relevant information I have. And then I'll basically just be like, "Hey, like look, give me 10 ad angles, right? Here's my product. Here's my research. Give me 10 ad angles and like list them uh from most likely to convert versus least likely to convert. Uh and you can only use these two documents. You can't use anything else." Uh, and usually that'll give me some pretty good outputs when I'm like in a, you know, just kind of roadblock. Um, which is not often, but it does happen, especially when you're writing things for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. >> but you prefer to use it >> you you prefer to use use it as like kind of the manual worker and you're the strategist and copy chief. >> Correct. Yeah. I find that's the best way to use AI. And then also too, don't forget like if you have the ad idea and you know exactly what you wanted to write, like literally just sit down and write that ad idea real quick if you know exactly what you want to write. I've seen so many people like if a chat GP I'm like why? Like I want chat GPT to say this but it's not. I'm like well tell it like literally give it the ad idea you want and then let it go down that path. >> Awesome. Awesome. Now one thing you mentioned before that I do want to circle back to is AOV. So that's, you know, as we all know, it's a huge aspect of every part of the funnel, including media buying. The bigger your AOV, >> the better you can uh the more you can spend in the auction. What are some things you're doing to boost that AOV? What are some tactics? So I I feel like everyone's already doing the quantity like discounts and stuff, you know, buy one, buy two, get one free, buy three, get two free. So like, yeah, like those are good. Um, where I find a lot of people are stuck at is that like they don't go out there and actually add more products to their website. They're solely reliant on, hey, I I sell this one thing, which is potty training diapers and they just keep trying to upsell people more on potty training diapers. It's like, yeah, that works once. That's why you have the bundle and save option on your site. But like, if you want to effectively upsell people more things, look at brands like Ridge. Ridge does a really good job. They just constantly keep hitting you with all these interesting gadgets as you're like already buying the wallet or like AG1 where like you know you buy the powder by itself or you buy the powder on subscribe and save and then you get like five other things that are completely different. They don't just try to upsell you on more powder. >> Um so I always like to look at like the post-purchase upsells. Um, obviously you have like incart upsells into and incart upselles are going to be like when I go to like Apple for example and buy like an iPhone and get like other products specifically for my iPhone. But when I'm looking at post-purchase and like using like afterell for example, I always like to do two things. I like to have a upsell and a downell. So, like if I'm selling potty training diapers, for example, then it's like, okay, I know people want like they desire a kid that's, you know, they're fully potty trained. You know, they don't have to deal with this anymore and they just want like a one solution and just ends it all as fast as possible. So, it's like for me, I sold them the diapers. Then the next thing I want to look at here is what are other products that are completely different than my diapers that they can use in conjunction with my diapers to make potty training possible not to fail. So it's like okay maybe I'll get them like the potty training toilet seat potty training alarm to like alarm the kids to go use the restroom and stuff. Maybe I'll give them like a a booklet too of like a training protocol for a couple of days they have to follow and everything like that. Um I may give them like I don't know maybe some type of like potty training bed sheets, right? >> So it's like I'm giving them a couple different products to make a bundle and the bundle will typically be two times higher than what my current AOV is. So if my AOV is roughly around $50, I'll make this bundle at $100 worth like $300. If they decline that bundle, then the downell will just be one of those products from that bundle. So like, hey, if you decline that bundle, then you just get the training b uh training booklet for 50% of the AOV. So they have a 2x AOV, then a 50% of the AOV. Um, and that's given us some really good take rates. Uh, just using after sale, uh, I think it's by like by rocket or something like that. And that's worked really well to increase the OV. And it's also like building out specific scenarios for that customer of what they're trying to achieve and just more products to help them make it impossible like I said just for failure not to happen basically. >> So you prefer the complimentary products really leaning into that. >> Yeah. Building around that. >> Awesome. All right. Well Nick thank you so much for your time. We went pretty deep. We covered you know everything from media buying to AOV. I appreciate it. I think the the audience will appreciate it. Where can people find you? What do you know, how can they get in touch with you? I know you have your YouTube channel, which they probably follow, but what's the best way to get in contact? >> Yeah, easy. Uh, it's just Nick Tero on YouTube. Um, and then Nick Tero on literally like Instagram and Twitter. Uh, I think I'm more responsive on Instagram specifically. I do post a lot on Twitter as well, but I don't really check it much. Uh, but yeah, Instagram pretty responsive as well. >> All right, perfect. Thank you. Well, we appreciate it. Take care, Nick. Great to have you on and see you hopefully have you back later on. >> Awesome. Thank you, man. >> Most people think that VSSLs are just long sales video, but they're not. They're a lot more than that. It's an engineered psychology flow taking the viewer from unaware cold traffic to buyers. And today, I'm going to be pulling one apart piece by piece. My name is Fernando Oliver. I've scaled my ecom brands to seven figures. I've had two exits, done over eight figures in total revenue. And I've helped over 300 ecom brands implement VSSLs to scale their ads. And today I'm breaking down one of the highest converting and most unique health VSSLs ever made. We're talking about Gundry MD's olive oil ad where they're selling a bottle of olive oil, a seemingly mundane product with a very unique mechanism, very effective direct response and doing millions of dollars with this one ad. We're going to look at how every line turns cold traffic into buyers. We're going to see the hook, the lead, the story pivots, the emotional shifts, all the direct response elements that are being used. Then I'm going to take that exact structure that we break down and I'm going to use AI to build a brand new VSSL from scratch in 5 minutes using the structure for a gut health supplement. The same thing, the same framework, but with a new offer. You'll see how you can use AI to plug and play different structures, scripts, VSSLs with your own offer in just 5 minutes. So, if you're in e-commerce, if you're in supplements, if you're in direct response in any way, you're going to want to understand how the best VSSLs are written and how to use AI to create your own. So, watch this breakdown all the way through. Let's begin. All right. So, here is the VSSL script. I'm going to first go over the big five copy elements that are in this script that make up the core of it. These are the core ingredients of every VSSL. And then we're going to go through the script line by line, and you're going to see inside of the inner mechanics of how a winning VSSL actually works. This is a worldclass, worldlevel VSSL that's made millions of dollars, has tens of millions of views, and we're going to see how it all works. So the big problem here is weight gain, fatigue, and industrial vegetable oils. That's the big problem we're addressing. That's on the top of mind of the viewer. We're going to give it shape, give it form, and take them through the journey of resolving that. The problem mechanism here is that other olive oils, they're not potent, they're not pure, and seed oils are ruining your health. The industrial vegetable oils, you can't avoid them. They're in everything. So you have to overcome them, balance them out with something healthier. The solution mechanism is the polyphenol rich olive oil. This is the super health enhancer. And this is the unique mechanism behind this VSSL that's making it work so well. The big promise is that you just take one tablespoon of this special super olive oil today and your gut health is going to skyrocket. Your health overall, your weight loss, better memory, more energy. And the proof here, we have a lot of proof as Gundry MD's VSSLs always do. We have the authority figure Gundry himself who's a doctor. We have statistics. We have the history. We're going into the backstory of seed oils. We have awards and certifications for quality. And we're going to go into the the real story of the manufacturer. So, there's plenty of proof. So, let's begin with the script. First, we have the hook. Why is a shot of olive oil the perfect start to a new year? It implies a benefit. It implies there's a reason why it's the perfect start. And it builds curiosity because it's a little bit strange. Now, we have some intrigue. Have olive have some olive oil before your bed. Have some olive oil before bed and your sleeping partner will love you for it. We have some intriguing benefits. Factor crap. Shaving cream. Yep. swap out that spray can and slather some olive oil instead. It could really be useful for moisturizing your skin, making it look bright and fresh. So, we have unique valuable information. We're giving them little tips and tricks. We're building curiosity. Um, we're telling them that olive oil is good for a bunch of different things. And what we're doing here is called hook stacking. So, we have multiple independent hooks. Here's one. Why is olive oil a shot? Why is a shot of olive oil a perfect start? Have some before bed. So, these are independent hooks that are being stacked on top of one another, which is a very common thing you'll see, especially with longer VSSLs. And something you can try is take your bestinning hooks, stack them one on top of the other, and run that as your hook. Olive oil prevents snoring. Get you wider teeth. So, we're giving them valuable information and building curiosity. You know, we're giving them information they've never heard before. It can contribute to wider teeth. It's highly viscous, bind to plaque, and then removes them. Now, before we get into the rest of this breakdown, here's a quick heads up. If you want to build VSSLs that actually convert and scale your ecom brand past 500K a month, check out my ecom VSSL blueprint community. We have over a 100 founders in there already using my proven frameworks, templates, our weekly coaching calls to grow their businesses with VSSLs and AI. The link's in the description. So, click it now, grab your spot, get access to the exact tools that help me do eight figures in revenue and sell two brands. Anyway, back to the video. But before you pull a bottle from the kitchen, there are three important things about storebought olive oil that you should know. So this is the open loop and this is what's going to keep you watching. So you got the information, but it's not enough because you can't put it into effect because you have missing information. And then before we resolve that loop, we're going to give them the benefits. So now that we have their attention, we're going to use that attention to give them benefits and build that desire. So we give it to them in the first person um using a testimonial format. After a few weeks, I had more energy. I could think clearer. My skin was glowing. Watch this video to find out how amazing it is. So, it's a quick teaser that's promising them benefits while we have their attention. Now, we want to deepen that attention with intrigue and a scandal that's affecting you personally and you didn't know it. So, this is what's going to suck you into the story and make you a character, a part of that story. There's a good chance you've never actually consumed fresh olive oil. In fact, there's even a chance that the olive oil in your pantry isn't 100% pure olive oil. According to several investigative reports, including one done by 60 Minutes, you can't always believe what you see on olive oil, olive oil labels at the store. So, this is the intrigue part. You know, it's taking something mundane like olive oil and making it seem like some crazy crime um that's being done to you. Now, we have some objection handling. That's why you may never have experienced the amazing benefits I just described. So, right now, I'm going to show you how to find the right olive oil, the real stuff. And this answers that subtle objection, that subconscious objection. if it's so good, why haven't I experienced these benefits? This is often going to come up when you give free tips and tricks, value, home remedies. They're going to wonder, why hasn't this worked before? Why doesn't uh everyone know about this? And the key is we're answering that right here. You missing the one thing that he's just going to describe to you in one second. In this case, it's not that. It's 100%. It's not fresh 100% olive oil. If it was, you would have experienced all the benefits. Now, we're going to transition from the tension point to a new problem. So, we have the tension point, we have their intrigue, we've done the open loops, we've done the scandal, we've done the objection handling. Now, we want to use that attention, that tension, and put it onto a new problem. So, whether it's canola, soybean, or any seed oil, they have one disturbing thing in common, and it goes through all the problems with the alternative solution. All right? So, as I'm going through this VSSL, keep in mind that all of these things apply to whatever product you're writing for because it's just the direct response elements that are making it work. It's not the specific content. So, we're now taking down the alternative solution. So, we're, you know, we're creating a gap. We're bringing in these problems. You don't have the right oil. You know, there's something missing and then the alternatives don't work. Restaurants give their their leftover greasy oil to create fuel for delivery trucks. That's pretty wild. That belongs in an engine, not in our bodies. So, how did these harmful oils become a go-to for the food, restaurant, and health industry? Now, it's going into the documentary effect. So, this is where they're giving information. It's intriguing. It's interesting. It's directly applicable to the problem and the viewer. So, we're going to rewind to World War I. During this time, they were in hot demand because they were used to fuel ships and aircrafts. They were also used as machine lubricants in factories and even as paint coating for weaponry. And after the war, the demand plummeted. That's when big companies and clever marketers came up with a big idea. Why not call seed oils a health food? After all, they're cheap. They last forever. And just like that, they ended up in just about everything you eat. There are studies and experts to this day, often funded by the same big corporations, that are still pushing the agenda that these oils are good for you. All to make a quick buck. And considering that we eat on average 80 gram of vegetable oils a day, which is 720 calories, it's no wonder two in five people now live with obesity in America. So, it's a very intriguing story. It makes sense. Um, it has that element of scandal and an enemy, a big enemy. So, it's just bringing attention in even more and positioning Gundry, the narrator, as a good guy, as the guy that's on your side. So, here's the big promise. Did you know did you know what happens when you start eating just two tablespoons a day of the right olive oil? Weight starts to practically melt off your body. So, now we resolve the fear of the obesity, the calories, everything by giving them an out. And that's when you eat 2 tablespoons of the right olive oil. That's a key there, right? It's not just any olive oil. We have to tell you which one it is. Then we promise them more benefits, build intrigue, tell you what you're going to get, but not the how. Gundry is very good at doing this. They're going to tell you the benefits you're going to get, the things you have to watch out for, but not the how until later in the VSSL. Once we've captured your belief, we've given you some new perspectives. Then you'll get the how, which is their unique product. Your energy levels feel like they did in your 20s, digestive system feels better, and I'm going to show you the easiest way to do that. So you'll see he does a lot of open loops after every benefit is given. This you're going to see this all the time in big high performing VSSLs. They're going to give you the benefits. They're going to give you half the story and then leave the the rest of the loop open to keep you watching. Now we introduce the authority figure after we've captured their attention. And that's the give and take. We're going to give you an open loop and then we're going to take some of that attention and convert it into what we want. So in this case it's the proof, the security, the authority figure. I'm Dr. Steven Gundry, cardiopathic surgeon. And over the last three decade, over the last decade, I've made waves in the health community. I'm not afraid to ruffle some feathers and and shining a light on what greedy corporations are doing to make us sick every day. And that includes the so-called health industry, too. So, he's the good guy. He's positioned to be on your side against the enemy. Now, it makes it clear that the problem affects you. I used to be 70 lbs overweight. I thought I was eating a healthy diet. But the reality is they're not limited to the seed oils are not limited to chips and junk food. they're in protein bars, oat milk, almond milk. Even if you're committed to a healthy diet, there's still a chance you're eating the seed oils every day. So, even if you're trying to be healthy, you know, we're targeting those people who are somewhat health conscious, but they're still dealing with these problems. So, they have the same desires um as the rest of the market, the weight loss market, but we have to approach it from a different way. We have to make sure we're addressing the fact that they're already doing a lot of this stuff and they're still not getting the desired outcome. Then we have the indirect problem which is weight gain plus fatigue and gut problems which are secondary and they're all caused by seed oils. These are the personal problems you're dealing with as a result of the main problem which is that your diet is filled with these unhealthy oils. And now we're also preparing to frame this special olive oil as the whole cure. So as a result, many gain weight that feels impossible to lose. You might also struggle with digestive issues like bloating and occasional constipation, massive fatigue, and a host of long-term problems down the line such as heart, liver, and memory issues. In my eyes, seed oils have caused an epidemic of these issues. So, he's really building up the problem and making it personal. This is how you're dealing with the problem on a personal physical level. And now, we give the solution, but not all of it. Not all of all of it. The olive oil is good, but you're missing one thing. Leaving the open loop once again. And look, I'd love for if everyone could stick with olive oil because it can massively help, but like I said earlier, not all the olive oils are created the same. You've got to find the right one to get the most benefit. And then there's the one thing effect, which is what I always go over. Every VSSL has that core one thing, the big idea that makes the solution work. And we don't give it to them right away. First, we just tease it. But in this case, we might be giving it to them. We're already about 30% of the way through. And a really good olive oil is full of one specific thing that can help you get more energy, stronger muscles, and a healthier heart. It's called hydroxyrosol, or as I as I like to call it, the fat fighter. So, this is what you can do with your mechanisms. You give the scientific version of it, and then you give it a unique catchy marketing based name. In this case, the fat fighter, because scientists believe it could be a key ingredient to a healthy lifestyle, an energetic and youthful body, and of course, a healthy weight. Well, through my research, I've discovered that there's one type of olive oil that ensures you get the maximum dose of the fat fighter. So, that's the one thing that's making this work so well is this one chemical and that's only in a really good olive oil. So, you still don't know how to find it, how to navigate all the different olive oils. So, you don't have the solution yet, but you know what makes it work. So, this is why we introduce the solution mechanism before the solution itself because we want to get their belief. We want them to believe that in this case hydroxyrosol the fat fighter is the key to getting those benefits. So before we give them the solution, we give them the solution mechanism. So we build belief before we ask for desire. So now we're going to do some open loops and we're going to retain engagement with promises and benefits. So I'm going to tell you where to find it. I'll also share exactly what happens when you add this to your meals no matter what your current diet looks like. You see research research shows this fatty super polyphenol can help you stay powered up and energized, support a healthy heart, etc. So this is what Gundry MD will often do after they give you information. They want to get your engagement and your attention back um through the greed emotion and they'll do that by giving promises and benefits after information is provided. Pretty incredible, right? Benefits with proof how and why it works. So the benefits don't stop don't stop there. is one of the only polyphenols that can cross the bloodb brain barrier, which means it gets absorbed quickly and works fast to help your body protect itself against free radicals that cause aging and illness. Supports a sharper brain. So, they're just doing a pylon of benefits. And they'll do this throughout their VSSLs to keep that desire strong and keep you engaged, which means that when they provide information, it's going to turn into belief much faster because you're already you already desire the solution. So, you're already open to accepting a belief that's going to get you to that solution. So the Gundry style benefit pileup overwhelming amounts of benefits make the solution seem like the most valuable thing in the world overwhelms the logical mind and uses proof to ease the skepticism. Um so they're doing this in a way where they're giving information, they're giving promises and they're providing proof can help you lose more weight, keep it off. The fat fighter is exceptionally powerful because it can actually help your body reduce its fat storage. Meaning if even if your body wanted to, it couldn't hang on to the fat. That's a great way to phrase that. If that sounds like a dream, keep listening because the fat fighter is a true power hitter when it comes to all aspects of your health. And as a cardiothoracic surgeon, I believe that organic extravirgin olive oil might be the healthiest food on the planet. So that's a big unique interesting claim. You need to do this unreasonable thing to get all the benefits. This is another thing they'll do. So after they give you all the benefits, they'll say if you want them, all you have to do is XYZ. But it's like this very comprehensive process that nobody wants to do. But and then in this case, he's gonna say even I can't do that. So I had to found find a way to get all those benefits without the hard part. Instead of just jumping to, oh, you can do it all without doing this hard stuff, which brings up some skepticism. First you give them the here's what you need to do and then you don't even have to do that. So I always advise my patients to drink at least a liter of olive oil a week. A salad dressing, fish, even drinking it straight. Now I know how hard it is to get that much olive oil into your system. So this is an example of this for uh exercise would be I always recommend that they do, you know, 4 hours of exercise per week, eat this way, do this. But even I can't do that. So I had to find an easier way to do it. But in order to slim down, support your heart health, supercharge energy, soothe your joints, skin glowing, a liter of olive oil is more than worth it. And I've got to be honest, even I struggle to get enough every week. In fact, between the two of us, my wife and I only go through about a liter and a half a week. So most of the time even I'm not getting as much as I recommend. Now that just wasn't okay with me. How could I recommend my patients do something that I can't even do myself. So there had to be an easier way. This is where we pivot and we're starting to get into the solution. I realized increasing the increasing amount increasing the amount of olive oil my patients and I could get in a week wasn't the answer. The answer was an olive oil that was more powerful so you could get all the benefits without needing a liter a week. And that meant maximizing the amount of the fat fighter in the oil. So this is going to frame the product intro as part of the story where the hero is building up to there, right? So he wants to solve this problem. He wants to get these benefits but without all the hard work that's involved that's keeping people away from the dream outcome. So I hit the books and I started researching. Um I could find where I could find olive oil that was rich in this powerful polyphenol. I knew it wouldn't be on the shelves the shelves of my local groceryer because I'd already tried those. From the most expensive to the least, none of them measured up to the big enough dose that I was looking for. So, I had to took I had to look all over the world to find one that was. So, he's uh now building in this whole story that's going to keep you engaged, it's going to add weight and meaning, and it's just going to make the whole VSSL a lot more interesting. So, he begins his search for a potent Italian olive oil that was not only natural. After all, you probably know they've got a reputation as the best. But what I discovered really surprised me. Many Italian olive trees are growing fruits with only a base amount of the fat fighter. So there's ups and downs, right? He goes to this place, it doesn't work. He tries this solution, it doesn't work. And that's all making this more engaging, more interesting. And the more you can make the viewer feel like they went on this emotional journey throughout the VSSL that really, you know, took them to different levels, that's going to be it's going to feel like they went on a much longer, deeper, more uh personally transformative journey than they really did. And that builds desire a lot more than if you hadn't done that. So we went to Greece, to Spain, to two other Mediterranean countries, but it was the same story. Very little hydroxyrosol, the fat fighter. It wasn't good enough. I was feeling pretty disheartened. So this is where the hero is starting to hit rock bottom on his journey. If these famous hotspots didn't have the olive oil I was looking for, where could I turn? As it turns out, the answer was pretty unlikely because there was an unlikely Mediterranean country I hadn't looked at. The only catch was you'd never imagine that olive trees could grow there, never mind flourish. because the olive trees there uh live in a harsh desert condition that's barely any rain, barely any heat, or it's really hot and the soil has hardly any nutrients. Honestly, the conditions are so brutal the olive trees think they're dying. It sounds bad, but this is the best thing that could happen because they buck up and they go into survival mode. So, he's just explaining and building up to that solution. So, I'm going to speed it up a little bit here. Interesting reasons and story before the product is introduced. and it gets you to accept everything that goes into it before asking you to accept the product itself. So the trees produce massive amounts of polyphenols including hydroxyrosol to save their lives. So this is the reason why this solution works. Now quick before we move forward, I made a full free a toz guide on how I test products. I broke down my multi-phase product testing system that I use to find winners fast. Inside, you're going to learn how to validate products before scaling, how to set up testing parameters, and make datadriven decisions that led me to 600K plus in monthly revenue with a very small team. So, click the button below, get access to this game-changing resource, and start testing products. >> In the process, they produce olives that are jam-packed with polyphenols. So, he found the perfect olive tree in Morocco, just off the Mediterranean Sea. When I came across these incredible trees, the ones that are forced into survival mode, I knew I'd found the answer. The olive trees growing in the Moroccan desert had elevated levels of the fat fighter. In all my travels and research, I found these olive oils are one of the most potent sources of hydroxychyrosol on Earth. That's a big word. They have so much of this nutrient, you wouldn't need to drink a liter. You could get the same benefits with a fraction of it. So, this is how he's resolving. You don't have to do all that stuff that I said before. You just need a little bit of this new So, now he's building up the product creation story. Keep in mind, there's still no pitch. We're still just building up to the solution and we're you can see by the little scroller bar we're only we're already like 60 70% of the way in and we still have not introduced the solution. So this is how you want to do it when when you have a you're going for a higher level of market sophistication especially in weight loss. You need to build up a lot of belief before you bring that product out. And he's doing a great job here. So we immediately decided to collaborate with the farmer Omain whose polyphenol rich olive grove had been in the family for generations alongside his family. We're providing delicious healthy olive oil. Olive oil that's revolutionary and unlike anything you've seen on the supermarket shelves. And now finally we create and name the product. I proudly call it Gundry MD polyphenol rich olive oil. A revolutionary new way to get your intake of olive oil that's robust, delicious, and amazingly potent. to put it into perspective because Gundream the olive oil has 30 times the hydroxyrosol as conventional olive oil. It's like getting the benefits of drinking an entire liter in just two tablespoons. So keep in mind if he hadn't talked about the whole liter thing, this wouldn't make as much of an impact. But because we talked about how you need a liter when he can compare that to the two tablespoons, which is the what the real product actually is, it just blows it out of the water with the level of desire that's created there and the perceived value um that he's creating. I recommend about half a tablespoon a day. That'll ensure you're getting your entire liter a week's worth of supercharged polyphenols in just 4 days. Then he explains how to use it. If you want to have more, be my guest. You've never you can never get too many. You can have it any way you like. Drizzle it on your favorite foods. Um, it's great on salads and fish, but you can add it to any meal. Now, we do another benefit shower, which is where we're just giving them a ton of these health benefits that they're going to get to build that desire. Adding this to your daily diet can increase blood flow, support healthy arteries, laser focus, crystal clear concentration, comfortable joints. It just turns you into a superhum. The super olive oil. I love that it takes the pressure off trying to get enough olive oil every single week. In just a half a tablespoon a day, you're meeting the weekly quota and then some. Now, this is different from your typical olive oil. And you'll notice that when you taste it, it's slightly bitter, peppery, and green, and all the hallmarks of a potent olive oil. It's the best tasting olive oil I've ever had. I love the bite it's got, but you really can't compare run-of-the-mill grocery store oil to polyphenol rich olive oil. That's like comparing grape juice to wine. When you taste it, you'll know the difference. So, where can I get It won't be the So, I mean, I just want to point out this quick transition phrase here. He'll use this always between sections. You may be wondering how you can get your hands on it. And that's where he goes into the pitch. It won't be on the shelves because it grows in such specific conditions. Um, and not only that, we refuse to cut any corners. Every batch is immediately cold pressed in a state-of-the-art facility right next to the olive groves to preserve as much of the fat fighter hydroxyol as possible. When you introduce heat, light or air, the quality is almost instantly degraded. So, make sure to cold press. We make sure to cold press our olives so heat can't attack the polyphenol content. We make sure to bottle our polyphenol rich olive oil in dark glass bottles so that the light can't break down the fat fire content. And we do it all at the source. It's also USDA organic certified and meets the organic European standard. There's the proof elements that are going to bring uh skepticism down, bring the belief up and just enhances desire because even if desire is strong, we need a foundation for it. That foundation is belief and proof. So, we need to be weaving all of this together. That's why if you just do benefits, it's not enough. If you only do proof and information, it's not enough. You need to combine the two. Benefits combined with proof combined with belief. That's the triangle of a perfect VSSL. It builds up perceived value and exclusivity through awards and all these standards. You'll find the logos on the outside of the box and you'll know that it meets the highest standards in the world. In order to get these certifications, the farm has been inspected by European and American inspectors. It's all organic and cares for the health of the trees, the olives, and the people. All these steps take incredible effort and expense, but they also mean we can get you this amazing olive oil, one that's 30 times more powerful than normal. Plus, we don't take shortcuts. Now, we're going to do the price framing. How much goes into it? cost is a lot to create such a high quality product. We're going to grow the perceived expected value and then we're going to be dropping it down. So, as you can imagine, these production uh practices do mean that the olive oil is more expensive to produce than most conventional oils. However, I've got a great relationship with Offmain, whose family has owned this olive grove for centuries, and for the time, we've decided not to sell the olive oil in stores. This allows us to cut out the middleman so you can avoid pushy salespeople at specialty stores and the grocery store markup. Instead, we're offering it straight to you. If we were to sell this retail, the price would be $50. But because you've stuck through this entire presentation, there's a reason why for the discount. I know you're serious about finding a powerful, delicious olive oil that supports your health from multiple angles. So, it's framed as an exclusive opportunity. I want to give you a special onetime offer so you can try it for yourself and see the difference it makes in your health and your waistline. That's why today you can secure your supply for just $40 a bottle. But I can only offer this at a limited time. So we have that scarcity or in this case urgency with the limited time because we only fulfill limited quantities at a time. So there's the scarcity and this olive oil has been so popular. We're constantly in danger of going into back order. Now we have the urgency and scarcity push even harder. Once words gets out about this next batch, we're going to sell out in a matter of days. In fact, in fact, the first batch we produced, thousands of people bought us out in 2 days. So, not only does it take a lot of time to produce, it's important to keep in mind that it's being shipped from Morocco. It spends a month traveling across international waters. So, if we run out of inventory, it could take months to produce another batch. So, really building up the urgency and the scarcity. Then we do our risk reversal, which is why I don't want you to wait another moment to claim this offer. And I'm taking all the risk out of ordering today. In fact, it all comes with a 90-day guarantee. So, we're taking out the risk um and building up, you know, reducing the skepticism even more and building up the desire, the foundation for the desire. Now, we restate and summarize all the benefits. If you don't feel like your mind is sharper, your skin is softer, your joints are calm and supported, and you're not looking slimmer than ever, you can send it back for a full refund. So, we have our CTA number one. I believe once you experience the health boosting power, you won't want to be without it. So, click the button below to take the next step and claim your special onetime offer before the next batch runs out and before this offer expires. So, look at this CTA how much they're packing into this. Um, click the button and take the next step. So, a specific action. Claim your special onetime offer. So, another increase in desire. It's a special onetime offer before the batch runs out. So time is urgency and before this offer expires. So we're really building in a lot just into this one sentence where we're calling them to action. That makes it more likely that once they click, they are going to buy, right? Because we need to actually build that up in the VSSL itself. And then we walk you through the order. You'll see the order page. When you click, you'll know we still have stock available. The order page will show you all the options, including the most popular three bottle multiack, as well as the six bottle pack, which is the best value. So, pushing for the AOV. What you choose is up to you, but the time is of the essence because I can't guarantee how much stock we'll have by the time you finish this presentation. And when you order, you can be completely confident in your purchase because our order page is secured with exceptional safety technology. So, you can always trust that your order is 100% safe and secure. Thank you so much for your time and attention. I hope you learned a lot. I hope you're ready to see just what the fat fighter can do for you. I'm Steven Gundry and I'm always looking out for you. So, this is just a fantastic amazing VSSL and this just shows the power of direct response and the skill of Golden Hippo, the parent company of Gundry MD at using direct response copy VSSLs to sell olive oil, which is, you know, you'd never think that olive oil could be, you know, multi8 figure offer, but it is. And it's thanks to VSSLs like this. So, um, I'm going to be sharing this script breakdown document in the description where you can get the link to the ad. It's on foreplay. It's 18 minutes long. The full video and the landing page. So, it's a simple landing page. Here are those three options that they were talking about, the 136. You have one time and subscribe and save. And it's just a very clean um, uh, offer aware uh, sales page, product page. And the ad itself, I encourage you to watch it. See how they do the editing for their VSSL, it's 18 minutes long. >> Why is it >> and it's just a fantastic video. Now, let's get into the VSSL analysis. So, I've broken this VSSL down into a 10-point structure summarizing the main elements that are making this video work. Because if you just look at it as an 18-minute video, it seems big, complex, hard to understand from a marketer's perspective. But if you break it down into the copy elements, the structure that's behind it, it actually starts to make a lot more sense. So first we have curiosity. We have the hook and the pattern disruption. And our goal here is to stop the scroll, reframe a familiar object as something extraordinary. So we're this is where we're getting them these unique benefits. Why is it the perfect way to start the new year? Have some before bed. Use it for shaving. We're breaking the pattern. We're creating curiosity and we're calling out the target This product seems normal, but new benefits create surprise and open loops. So, that's how we're we're capturing their attention from the feed. Now, we have the benefit teasers and the factor crap segment. Build perceived value before introducing any pitch. That's our goal here. We're going to stack small relatable benefits. Glowing skin, sleep, teeth, energy, and each example creates a micro proof. That's interesting. What else does it do? So, we're keeping that loop open. We're establishing hidden potential. The viewers now believe olive oil is this multi-benefit wonder priming them for the missing link reveal. As I mentioned, the one thing that separates this specific product from general olive oil. Now, we have intrigue and the scandal. So, you've been lied to. Introduce corruption, betrayal to create tension and keep that attention on uh the script. You've probably never consumed real olive oil. Even 60 minutes investigated fake olive oil. The purpose here is to establish the external villain, the fake olive oil industry. We're building emotional conflict. We're building skepticism and then Gundry can resolve this later. Now we have the enemy and the fear is going to be escalating. We're going to be broadening the conflict. We're talking about the origins of these seed oils, the World War II stuff, um how it's causing obesity, fatigue, inflammation, and this is why our country is in such an obesity crisis. And the purpose here is to transform the viewer from curious to worried and to put us on their side. The problem is now personal, urgent, and invisible. They've been unknowingly consuming poison. Now we have the big promise. We introduce the hero solution. Real olive oil. That's the salvation. It cancels out the effect of all these seed oils. Two tablespoons can melt fat and restore energy. And we set the right olive oil as the new opportunity. It's not the product yet. And the purpose here is relief after fear. This gives hope, but it keeps curiosity open. What's the right olive oil? So it keeps that open loop. they're going to still be wondering, "How do I get the effect that I'm looking for?" And we don't give it to them just yet. First, we introduce the authority figure and the empathy bridge. So, he's the trusted authority and he's the relatable guide amidst all this turbulence. He's a cardiothoracic surgeon, an nutritionist, a reformer. He was himself 70 lbs overweight. So, we're transferring credibility to empathy and identification. So, the viewers trust him because he knows and feels their pain. Now we reveal the mechanism, the fat fighter, the solution mechanism, the hydroxy tyrosol. This is the key discovery that makes everything work. And it's metaphorically framed as the defender of your body, the protector of your brain, and the supporter of your heart. And the purpose here is logical justification plus emotional excitement. So it turns belief into certainty. Now everything makes sense why all the benefits work, how you're going to get them. It makes all the personal stuff we've done relatable and real through science. So we have the discovery story, how he goes through this whole journey. He fails in Italy and Spain and he finally finds the Moroccan desert and we explain how this leads into the product reveal. Um the Gundry MD polyphenol rich olive oil and we frame the offer as a scientific destiny not commerce. Viewer sees the product as solution born of integrity not marketing because we do story first, belief first, problem first, then product. Proof, quality, exclusivity. We build the value. We justify the premium price. We explain the production costs, the scarcity, one farm, one region, limited harvest, rational validation, emotional exclusivity, and we create the perception of rarity and purity. The viewer now believes that it's worth it. Now we have the offer, the urgency, and the risk reversal. We move from belief to action. We anchor the price from 49 down to 39. We have scarcity. We have the guarantee. And we call them to action. We're removing the final objections, building trust, uh reversing risk, and then it ends with clarity, excitement, and safe urgency. It feels like a reward and not a risk. It's a very positive VSSL. And the general flow of how we're taking them from cold traffic to converting is breaking that pattern. When they're starting cold, they have no awareness. We trigger their curiosity. We entertain and intrigue. We create fear. We realize the hidden danger, the seed oils. We offer relief, which is the right type of olive oil. It gives them hope. We build trust with Gandry MD's story and the data. We prove the mechanism by explaining the hydroxyrosol, the solution mechanism. The story of discovery. This is how the viewer emotionally commits by following along on the story as he's going through Europe searching for olive oil. We show the scarcity. The desire intensifies through exclusivity. We eliminate risk. Logic and emotion now align. And then we take them into conversion. Buying becomes the natural next step. It's a logical act of self-care. And to summarize that, it works because it turns a neutral everyday product, olive oil, which would never normally be $40, into a high drama narrative with emotional stakes, identity appeal, benefits, science, proof. And the viewer doesn't just buy olive oil. They're buying relief from the problem of seed oils, trust in Dr. Gundry, control over the whole process, and hope that they can get all these benefits. And it's engineered through the story structure. So that's a summary of how this VSSL works. Now let's go into the AI prompt. This is a very simple, easy prompt that you can derive from this analysis by just taking the 10point structure. And I'm just going to copy and paste this, take it into the custom GPT, and we're going to be pasting this in here. And I'll say that for a gut health supplement. And let's see what he can do. This is my custom GPT that's trained on my uh videos, my private groups, everything that I know about VSSLs. But this can work with any AI tool. So if you're using just regular chat GPT or Claude, this can still work very well. So, here's a complete long- form direct response VSSL script written with the same style. The hidden organ controlling your weight, mood, and energy. If you're tired, bloated, or gaining weight, no matter what you eat, you need to hear this. This is the pattern interrupt and the hook. What's really keeping you stuck has nothing to do with XYZ. It's happening in a place most doctors never talked about. Your gut inside. Inside you right now lives an entire ecosystem of bacteria billions of cells strong that controls everything from how much energy you have to how well your brain functions and how you burn fat. Then we tease the benefits. Just like the Gundry DVSL once you fix the system everything changes. You have energy. Stomach is flat. Your cravings disappear. Your mind feels clear. We have the scandal and the deception. The health industry told us that gut issues come from bad food choices. But that's not what the science says. Most of the probiotics are dead before they reach your gut. The same companies selling you gut friendly foods are filling them with preservatives, gums, and emulsifiers that destroy it. So while you're trying to heal, your gut is being attacked. Then we expand the fear. When it breaks down, you have leaky gut. Intestinal intestinal permeability. So the scientific term just like gundry and then what we call it or leaky gut. Tiny food particles slipping into your bloodstream. Inflammation skyrockets, joint pain, brain fog, low energy, stubborn weight, and mood swings. Now we have the relief. Here's the good news. Your gut can heal faster than you think. Your body wants balance. It's designed to repair itself. Once you feed the right bacteria, seal your gut lining, and calm inflammation. Everything changes. It's not a cleanse. It's not a diet. It's giving your gut the environment it needs to do what it is designed to do. We introduced the authority, Dr. James. I'm a medical researcher, gastroenter gastroenterenterologist. Wow. This isn't just science. It's personal. So he himself suffered from it just like Gundry. And you see this this whole VSSL follows the same structure, the same copy elements, the same flow, the same copy blocks that make the Gundry MDVSL work so well. So we're piggybacking off the success that Gundry found that the copywriters developed and we're using the same thing to write a shorter version of our own VSSL. We reveal the mechanism. Um the problem is they starve your good bacteria. I delivered I found a way to deliver these gut restoring nutrients directly where they belong. And then the product selection, he goes to southern Italy. He follows trend or they're not following trends. They weren't taking supplements. They're eating traditional foods. We analyze those compounds and we created a precise concentrated blend biome rebalance proof and exclusivity. 58% reduction in bloating, better digestion, noticeable improvements, no sweeteners, no shortcuts, etc. And then the offer price drop, risk reversal, urgency, scarcity, etc. And the tone is empathetic, scientific, curiositydriven, trustworthy, and emotional flow, just like the Gundry one. And then, you know, if you're using AI, you can do all kinds of things like generate more hook variations, scene by scene video structure, um, etc. Very powerful tool if you know how to use it. So, that is a summary of this VSSL. So, that's the breakdown. That's how Gundry MD takes a bottle of olive oil, something completely ordinary, and turns it into a multi-million dollar brand through story, belief, and structure. The truth is that the framework doesn't just sell olive oil. It can sell anything, especially supplements, but also skincare, performance products, gadgets, whatever your niche is. The key is understanding how to build belief before you pitch. That's what makes everything so special here. So, if you want to learn how to build these systems and create VSSLs on autopilot with AI for your own brand, the same creative testing processes, AI VSSL workflow, messaging framework that I use, that's exactly what I teach inside the Ecom VSSL blueprint. So, click the link below, join the community, and start building your customer acquisition system uh the most advanced way that currently exists on the market using direct response principles and AIdriven creative strategy. That's where the real operators are learning to scale. and I'll see you inside. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Have you ever wondered how long it actually takes to scale an e-commerce brand past half a million dollars a month? Some people are going to tell you it takes years of trial and error and figuring it out and learning from your mistakes. There's some truth to that. Others will treat it like an overnight success story just finding a winning product and scaling. There's also some truth to that. But the real truth is that most people overlook a critical part of the process that I'm going to be breaking down today. If you don't know me already, my name is Fernando Oliver. Over the years, I've generated more than $13 million in revenue for my e-commerce brands and had two exits. Along the way, I've developed a system that lets me and my team test five products every week, powered by cutting edge AI. In this video, I'm going to walk you through that system step by step. I'm going to explain how it works so you can fasttrack your own product testing process and build businesses that scale with clarity and consistency. By leveraging AI, we now test five products per week with full VSSLs and funnels built out all while keeping our team very lean and our costs very low. So, let's get into the video. So, let's address the main challenges of product testing. So, here's the harsh reality. It's three main things. One is that product testing is slow and it's resourceheavy. Takes weeks and months to develop a single product if you're doing it the old way. You're crafting marketing materials that are too in-depth, running too many different ad campaigns, and then you're finding that only a certain percentage of products win. So if your win rate is one out of five, which is already pretty strong, and it takes you a month to build out a product test, it's going to take you five months to find one winner. That's two per year, and that's much too slow. Next is rising costs and increased competition. So the costs on ad platforms like Facebook are going up, and there's more competition now than ever, and that's only going to increase as time goes on. And third is the creative bottleneck. So most people have a lack of creative capacity. Uh most founders can't produce enough high-quality creatives and they can't test multiple products at once due to limited time and limited budget. So the bottlenecks in the creative production and testing process are there's three main ones. One, you have limited amount of time, especially if you're writing the copy, you're managing the video editors, you're assembling and reviewing the funnels. That's a huge time commitment for every single product you test. The second is the budget constraint. It takes money not just to run ads, but also to pay your team to build funnels, edit videos. All of this is going to take time. It's going to take money. And then third is the small and stretched team, which ties into both of those. But it takes a pretty large team if you're doing product testing the old way and you want to be efficient. And this is going to lead to missed opportunities, slowed growth, and stagnant growth and a testing process that's not consistent and you can't rely on. So when you validate new products, it often takes too much time because, as I mentioned earlier, you have a certain percentage of win rate, right? One out of five is great. That's a 20%. One out of 10 is more common. But if you're spending over $1,000 per product test and it's taking you at least a week to do it, even with a one in5 win rate, it's going to you're going to get maybe one winner every two months and you're going to be spending thousands of dollars to find it. So, it's going to be hard to scale efficiently. Not to mention, it's not a repeatable pattern because there's no automation involved. Every step of it takes a human being. So, that's why you need a systematic approach. So, we get rid of the guessing game and we stick to predictable processes. Obviously, you can't guarantee winners, but you can guarantee that you have an automated process that has a certain win rate. So, there's a few knowledge gaps around AI and direct response that are causing these issues. So, most e-commerce owners are not leveraging AI automation, certainly not to its full extent, and they're missing a huge efficiency unlock. And they're also lacking proven frameworks to integrate direct response principles like VSSLs, advertorials, into the full product test. Because of that, they have lower conversion rates, especially if they're running short ads just to a product page with no direct response. they lose out on streamlined workflows and what that means in a more simple way is a repeatable process that a VA can handle. Um, it doesn't exist for most people because the product testing process is too complex. And third, they're missing out on faster product validation. So, if it takes you a month to just launch a product test, it's going to take you a very long time to get to the point where you're established and you're ready to scale. And when you combine all of these, it's just a cycle of very slow progress, frustration, stalled scalability, and a lot of wasted money. So, let's go into who this is for. The system that I'm about to break down for you. This is for e-commerce business owners that are running DTOC brands or drop shipping. It works for both. And I've helped both large businesses of both kinds implement this with ambitions to scale to half a million, a million a month and beyond. So, ideally, for this system to work its best, you should have 6 to 12 months of experience. You should have basic understanding of Shopify and media buying. And most likely, you're currently facing inconsistencies with your ads in your profitability and struggling to find a steady stream of winning products. And this system will also be ideal for you if you prefer systems and frameworks rather than quick tactics. In all of my videos, I try to share frameworks, processes, and SOPs that are not based in trends that can last for years. Okay? There are values. There's value that you can get from tactics and trends, but that's not what I'm interested in. I want the systems that underly everything that when you master them, you get long-term growth over years. And hopefully, you value efficiency, scalability, and tools that build sustainable, sellable assets, because that's what I focus on. So, let's begin. Um, here's just a quick review of what these challenges are. Rising ad costs, creative production bottlenecks, operational limitations, and a lack of predictability, right? And we're going to show you how this system solves all of these. The core aspirations, three to four rorowaz, ideally lower customer acquisition costs, and a lean team, strong backend, and low cost. And this is what's allowing you to build a scalable sellable brand. So, if this resonates, uh, this is built for you. Let's go and dive into it. So, first things first, we have the centralized hub that everything is based out of. So, in this centralized hub, we have our library of battle tested proven winners when it comes to VSSL scripts, advertorial copy, ad copy, sales page copy, and upsell copy. So, without having a vault of templates, you're going to have to come up with all of this from scratch every single time. And that's the biggest time and energy drain. Um, and if you're handing that off to your team, you need competent people to be able to do that. And it costs a lot of money. Instead, we have a system using templates. We look at our previous winners and we look at what competitors are doing and we build the library based on that. These templates are based on proven direct response frameworks. Okay? So none of this is uh from scratch. The hub removes the guesswork and it ensures three main things. Every test starts with a strong foundation which means we have a higher win rate on average than most people because we're using proven assets. We're not starting from scratch and we're much faster and have a higher creative quality because our baseline is just stronger. If you're facing creative fatigue or the type of ads you're running are not working anymore, this is going to save you time, consistency, and give you a repeatable structure. So, the first step is to compile your top VSSLs, your top advertorials, copies, product pages, and upsell copy and put them into a vault where you can just submit them to AI using our AI system and have them rewritten for each product. Next is the AI powered side. So, this is where we get the speed from. We use our customtrained AI copywriter. You can use any copy. You can use Claude, you can use GPT. they're already strong enough that if you give them a winning VSSL, they can give you back a rewritten version for a new product that's going to have a high win rate. Even better than that, if you have a custom trained copywriting bot like myself and my team, which you can access in the community, you'll be a lot better off. So, the main two things that we're doing with our AI is we're doing the VSSL script. This can be done in 20 minutes or less. If it does it right the first time, which 80% of the time we don't even edit it, it takes about 5 minutes and then it produces the full funnel copy all in less than 30 minutes. This eliminates the bottleneck of creative production because a single project manager can manage all of this. A single project manager can submit the documents, the basic product information and the script and get a VSSL in 5 minutes. And that same basic product information document and all the templates for the copy for the funnel and get that back in 20 minutes. And it doesn't require a copywriter. It doesn't require a creative strategist. And it certainly doesn't require the founder. So this is going to reduce your reliance on large teams which means faster and more efficient launching of new product tests. With this system, as I said, we're doing five tests per week. You can even push it further than that if you have the budget. And this is not going to overload your resources. The second part of this system after the templates is our product research database. So, we want to make sure that we have a database. In our case, it's always 100 plus products are in there, always new ones being added. It's strategic and it's not random. We're not going after trends. Again, there's you can you can do that. You can go on Tik Tok shop and do all this trend stuff, but we like to go with proven winning products that meet certain criteria. That means a strong AOV. So either natural complimentary products or multiple orders like a knee massager. You're going to have a high take rate for two of them or high gross margins 80% plus. We also want clear problem solving mechanisms because that's what our entire copyrightiting system is based on. a strong solution mechanism built into the product that solves a very compelling new unique problem mechanism or root cause. And then we want to make sure there's demand. So our competitors selling it, is there demand for the product? Is the total addressable market large enough or is it super super niche? We want to make sure we have all these four criteria when we're selecting products. Now, our AI tools are helping us analyze market trends, competitor data. What are their ads doing? Are they scaling? How many ads do they have live? And the customer's main pain points, which means we can prioritize with products that have the highest likelihood of success. We can reduce the risk when we're testing because at the end of the day, every test costs money. And if you're testing in a sloppy way, you could waste thousands of dollars per month on testing and an increased chance of finding winners because we're only going after products that have high AOV so we can afford a high CPA that have a high gross margin so that there's less pressure on our ads and there's high demand for. Now this addresses one of the biggest inefficiencies when it comes to product testing which as I mentioned is wasted ad spend on weak products and this can pile up into thousands. The third thing we have here is the team structure. So scaling, especially even testing five products with VSSLs and funnels, does not require a massive team. The system that we operate has one project manager and a few video editors, and that's it. The project manager handles about 95% of the workflow. They select the products out of our approved list. They use AI to generate all of the content and the copy. They delegate tasks, so they delegate to the video editors, and they stay in communication with them, and they're and they're launching the tests. Another key aspect of the system is you want a very clean, very simple project management tool. You can use notion, you can use a sauna or you can use Google sheets and keep it as simple as possible. My role and my business partner's role is limited to highle copy strategy. So we're helping with that copy planning document where we're outlining the big problem, the big promise and the mechanisms. This is literally 200 words or less. And we're choosing the products that go into our database. So this structure allows for high testing volume, minimal overhead, and it solves most of the scaling bottlenecks that are common to almost everyone who's testing products the old way. Next, we have our results tracking dashboard. So we want to make sure that especially if we're testing a lot of products, we're doing things based on data. We're seeing what kind of rorowaz are we getting, what kind of avs are we getting, um how much does it take to get confirmation on a product test, how much ad spend. We want to see the patterns here. So we're tracking in a very simple performance dashboard the revenue, the ad spend, the net profit, the rorowaz, and the conversion rates. These are the key things that we're tracking. A few other things you can add, the advertorial click-through rate, the product page click-through rate, the checkout conversion rate. All right, but these are the most important by far because based on this, you can see, you know, at a glance, especially if you're experienced, is a product a winner or not. So AI supports the pattern recognition. It's going to identify the product types, right? Whatever niche you're in, if you're going to start with many different niches, health, skin, hair, it's going to slowly be able to see which product niches and categories are working best. And the AOV brackets, some people find that $100 plus is best. That's what I prefer. But some people have great success with 70, $80 AOVs. Stick to what works. It'll also help you kill underperforming tests early because you'll know what to look for. You'll have established KPIs for when to kill and when to scale. Is allocated intelligently directly counters the pressure of of those rising costs. The results from implementing all of this is you're going to have more clarity. You're going to have way more control over what you're spending money on. And you're going to scale much faster because you're going to identify winning products faster. So there's no more guesswork, no more throwing stuff at the wall and seeing what sticks. We're sticking with a proven system. Now 30% win rate. Is it possible? Absolutely it is possible. The integration of structured templates of proven copy, AI automation from custom copywriters and datadriven product selection as well as lean team and rigorous tracking leads us to have about a 30% win rate. That's products moving from phase one to phase two where they're going to be optimized. The margins going to be pushed even higher and they're getting ready to scale in phase three. This is not based on chance. We've done it for months and months on end. Many people we've helped implement this system with have done it and it's all because it's a repeatable controlled system. So when you're testing five products weekly, we're identifying winners faster, often within a few days, 3 days if if results are really good, four or five days if it takes a little longer. We're reallocating resources towards scaling proven products instead of spending lots of money trying to make a test work. And we're minimizing losses when we can clearly see based on the data that the product is not going to be successful. So this approach overall lets us stay ahead of the competitive pressure, market saturation, and differentiates us because not many people are able to test with such quality and such speed and such efficiency when it comes to cost. So we're just able to test more than most people. And that gives us a sustainable advantage to grow. Here's a your ecom brand past half a million dollars a month, check out my ecom blueprint community. Over a hundred founders are inside right now using my proven frameworks, templates, and our weekly coaching calls to grow their ads and scale their offers. For example, my student Aere went from having zero winning e-commerce offers, never having a product that scaled, to now a few months later doing over 100K a month consistently, just using what he learned in the community about VSSLs and funnels. He transformed his entire business. The link's in the description below. Click it, grab your spot, get access to all the tools, including what I'm talking about in this video, and scale your brand to new record levels. Anyway, back to the video. So, if you put this AI powered product testing system into action, the way that I outlined in this video, you're going to identify winning products faster, reduce wasted ad spend, and scale for less money, and scale much more efficiently. But finding winners is only the first part of the process. That's phase one out of a three-phase system. The real growth comes when you maximize the conversion potential and actually scale up with the best ads possible. So, without the right VSSL structure and funnel strategy, you're going to leave a lot of revenue on the table. So, if you want to learn exactly how I turn winning products into high converting offers that scale fast, check out this next video where I'm going to show you the strategy I use to boost my AOV and build funnels that outperform standard product pages. Take care. Thank you and goodbye. This is the one VSSL structure that you need. This is the VSSL structure that every VSSL ad is based on. So, it's the skeleton structure, the seven points that are going to create any VSSL. So, if you nail this, if you get this down, you'll be able to make profitable ads on repeat with different angles, different concepts, different spokespeople, different avatars. The point is to understand the main structure. So, in this video, I'm going to be breaking it down piece by piece, giving examples of each section of this VSSL. And by the end of it, you'll know how to write a full VSSL and why it works and how to put it together. And that's going to allow you to make the highest converting type of ad right now on Meta and YouTube and be able to scale any brand, any product, any offer. At the end, I'll also include an exclusive bonus, a more advanced version of this structure that you can use if you're already more experienced. So, stick around, check that out. This is going to be a great video and it's going to give you a lot of understanding on how VSSL's work. So, enjoy. So, here's why VSSLs are the number one ad format by far. So, they're the key to scaling any ecom brand that sells a product that solves a problem. And they beat static ads, UGC, short ads, and they can scale to much bigger levels. and they fatigue a lot slower, which means they're the foundation of a lot of the top brands right now is 5 to 10 minute VSSL ads running on Facebook. Um, the static images, the short form clips, they can catch attention and they're great for getting clicks, high CTR, but they're not going to convert cold traffic as well as a VSSL because you got to sell people. You got to change their beliefs. You don't just bring them in with curiosity. That works for very new markets or trends. That's where you'll see statics or short ads, Tik Tok shop ads going straight to a product page, but you don't build a brand, you don't build consistent cash flow that way. A VSSL on the other hand tells a full story. So, it's going to allow us to do the whole marketing flow in one. We can build trust, we can handle objections, and we can create an emotional connection and a transformation of their beliefs, which is what really leads to the sale. And I'm going to get into that in a bit. It takes a stranger from never having heard of your brand, your product, or sometimes even the problem or the root cause that you're presenting, and it takes them to being ready to buy, often within just a few minutes. So, some real world results from VSSLs. When I shifted the focus in my brands from short ads, statics, UGC to VSSLs, my conversion rates went up. My rorowaz was often three or higher, and I scaled from 2 to 300,000 a month inconsistently to consistently doing over half a million a month. uh for a year on end until I sold my brand. Milan, who's a member of the ecom blueprint community, he's he's done a fantastic job with his VSSLs, and he's scaled in just a few months to 300K a month consistently. And the data backs it up. Studies show that video boosts conversion. And the reason is people are on these social platforms, they're used to video, and they're used to engaging with video um in a very unique way, different from how they engage with articles, how they engage with images. They're just sitting there. They're watching. They're absorbing the information. And that gives us a doorway to be able to change their beliefs to show them that the real root cause is something that they didn't expect, which opens the door for a new pro, a new solution, a new solution mechanism, and a new product. But not every VSSL works, and that's the truth. So, just throwing up a video that's focused on benefits, promises, without strong mechanisms, it's not going to move the me the needle, and it's not going to convert. A winning VSSL has to follow a proven structure to take them on a psychological journey. So, it aligns with how they already think. That's how we're bringing them in in the hook and the lead. We want to align with what they're already thinking, how they already think about their problem. And then we want to move them step by step into a new belief system where they realize my problem, let's say knee pain, isn't just caused by old age and sitting. It's caused by a nutrient deficiency uh that leads to collagen collapse or it's caused by fluid not getting into my knee. So a new root cause opens the door to a new hope because now if there's a new root cause there can be a new solution which means they could solve their problem. And then we want to build desire without being too pushy. We want to be compliant with Facebook so we can actually advertise. And the VSSL does that because it's informational. It's educational rather than relying on emotions like short ads have to do because they don't have a lot of time. So they have to compress all the emotion into one. That's what you're going to get in this video. I'm going to outline the VSSL structure that every VSSL follows. Some things may change, may be flipped um forward or backward, but this is the general structure that this psychological flow always follows. So, let's dive in. Here's a quick heads up. If you want to learn how to implement VSSLs to scale an e-commerce brand, check out my private community below, the ecom blueprint. Uh, one example of a successful student who's been in there for a few months is Thomas, who scaled to 10K a day just by improving his VSSLs, just by starting to use VSSLs. he wasn't using them before. So, if you want to learn how to use these types of ads in your e-commerce business and scale to new levels with the best ad format on the market right now, check out that community. Let's get back to the video. So, the foundations of a winning VSSL. We want to talk about strategy and it's more important than tactics. And here's why. Most people get it backwards. They're focused on the copyrightiting tricks, the phrases, and those things are important, but they're not as important as the strategy. Uh they're surface level, okay? And they they work well when they're aligned with the strategy, when they're congruent with it. But just relying on tactics alone is not going to make a successful offer, and it's not going to make an ad that scales. What really drives conversion is the emotional journey, the psychological flow that we take them on into VSSL. So, what the strategy really means, it's the arc. It's the It's the story of point A to point B. From problem from the situation they're currently dealing with, the pain, the emotional problem, the limitation, the lack to point B, which is the dream outcome, which can be simple. It doesn't have to be something crazy, but it's just living without knee pain. Being able to do what they want to do, being able to sleep at night comfortably, taking them from point A to point B, the arc in between that is our VSSL path. Okay? The tactics are how we're saying that. It's the packaging of the message, but the message is in the strategy. So the tactics include the sentence structure, the copywriting tricks, the direct response tactics, and the transitions from section to section. The strategy is what we're guiding them through, which is that arc. And why it resonates is because of the mechanisms and how we speak to them. So strategy wins every time. When I scaled to half a million a month for the first time, my copy was not the best. I mean, it wasn't perfect. It wasn't anywhere near like my copy is now. But I was using a proven structure and I executed it very well. And the whole VSSL was built around an emotional transformation and a belief transformation changing how they think about their problem and therefore how to solve it. So from frustration agitating that problem to understanding the root cause to belief the solution mechanism to hope in our product to action in the CTA. If you get the strategy right, you're going to be increasing your chances of success tfold. The tactics also become a lot easier and a lot more effective. So keep this in mind uh moving forward as we go through the VSSL structure. Remember that each section is a strategic role. It's moving the viewer from cold to converted. And it's not a checklist. It's a deliberate flow. You don't have to do the exact same structure every time. But this is the flow that every successful VSSL is generally following. So, let's break it down section by section. So, it has seven key sections and the first is the hook. This is the first five to 15 seconds. If you're in advertising, you know what the hook is, of course, but it's a little bit different when it comes to the VSSL. The goal of the hook is to capture their attention and bring them into the next section, which is the lead. Which means in the hook, we need to call out the right people, not just get attention from anyone. We need to get attention from the people that we want to go through our funnel because we're going to be paying meta for our CPMs, right? So, if we're calling out anybody and we're just getting as many people to watch the ad as possible, even if the problem doesn't apply to them, even if they're the wrong demographic, age group, whatever it is, we're going to be wasting a lot of money. And our CPA, our cost per acquisition, the amount of money we pay to get a sale is going to be a lot higher. So, we want to stop the scroll, call out the target audience, and then build curiosity or promise a benefit. create some open loop to bring them deeper into the ad. So those are the three things that we got to do in the hook. And we we should either agitate their problem, promise an outcome that they like, or say something weird, bold, or surprising that fits those three things, stops the scroll, calls out the target audience, and builds curiosity. The reason we're doing three different types of hooks, there's many different types, but these are the general types, is because there's different levels of market sophistication. What people know and how much they know about their problem and about the product. So, some examples of this from real winning VSSLs. This weird sticker improved my sleep afold and knocked me out in minutes. This is for a sleep patch VSSL. I went from this to a full head of hair in 6 months. No transplants. And that's obviously for a hair loss VSSL. So, this one is promising a benefit. They're both promising a benefit, but in a little bit of a different way. This one has more curiosity. It's a weird sticker and knocked me out in minutes. So, it's a benefit combined with this open loop of the weird sticker. Something strange and bold. In this one, I went from this to a full head of hair in 6 months. It's a transformation. It's a promise. It's a benefit. No transplants. So, it creates some curiosity of how they did it. And the hook, you want to keep it short, punchy, very much tied to the benefit that the product delivers. And your hook should flow smoothly into the lead. So, there's a natural reason to keep watching. That's a big mistake people make is that their hook can be very strong, but it does not transition to the lead. So you'll see a drop off on the graph, which means you'll see a lot of people watching the hook and then they immediately drop off when you try to transition them to the lead. So in the lead, we've got their attention and now we have a few seconds to build emotional engagement. Now we want to use the lead to agitate the pain points, the physical and emotional pain points because at the end of the day, we're making this ad to encourage them to solve the problem using our product. So we need to bring that problem top of mind and we want to make the problem feel real and personal. So it's not just an abstract idea, it's a real thing they're dealing with. And then we want to open a curiosity loop that's going to tease a hidden cause or a breakthrough that can solve that hidden cause. So some examples of the lead. If you're struggling with neuropathy, it means your peripheral nerves are damaged, leading to burning pain and numbness that makes walking or standing unbearable. So we we are again calling them out, ensuring them, reassuring them that this is for them. You're struggling with neuropathy, so this is for you. It means the your peripheral nerves are damaged. There's the root cause. We're going to go deeper into it later, but that's the summary of it. And it leads to burning pain, numbness, and makes walking and standing unbearable. So, in this little short sentence, the transition from the hook to the lead. We've called them out again to reassure them that they're in the right place. We've explained in summary the root cause of what they're dealing with, and then we've agitated the problem, meaning we've brought it into their conscious mind. the burning pain, the numbness, the real life consequences. You feel like you're a prisoner in your own body watching your life pass you by. That makes it personal and real. So, the next section that we want to get into is the problem mechanism section. So, this is where we're going to explain what's really the root cause of their problem. And this is what brings the whole VSSL together. The whole sales process is based on the fact that their problem is caused by the problem mechanism, not what they thought it was. So, the solution can be new. It opens the door for the solution. done right, it shifts belief and it opens the mind preparing them for our unique mechanism. So the goal in the problem mechanism section introduce a root cause that's new and believable and unique. Then we want to make it easy to understand with visual metaphors. So we want to make it you know if it's uh back pain and our problem mechanism is spinal compression we want to give a simple metaphor that it's like a bowling ball is pushing down the sensitive joints of your spine. And then we also want to show that in the video itself with a 3D animation, a clip in the VSSL. And we want to dismiss the surface level fixes. And then after you've introduced the problem mechanism, you say that's why physical therapy, stretching, and exercises don't work is because they don't address the real root cause. Some examples of that, collagen collapse is the real root cause of wrinkles. This is what MiamiD uses and they've made millions of dollars with this problem mechanism. cervical compression, the real reason behind chronic back pain, which I just described. Tips, you can use tools like Google or perplexity.ai to find scientific studies and then simplify them. So you can find studies uh give it quick prompts like what's the real root cause? What are the underlying causes of back pain, knee pain, wrinkled skin, dark spots on the skin? And then you simplify it and you give it a name and then you explain it. The solution mechanism comes next. After the problem mechanism, they're wondering, okay, if this is the real root cause, how do I solve this real root cause and get to the core of the issue? So now that the root cause is clear, we introduce the mechanism that solves it. We're not pitching the product yet. First, we want to shift their beliefs. This is actually the root cause. This is actually the solution. And then we say, this product provides that solution. You see, this is how we avoid skepticism, how we avoid being overly aggressive or salesy, and we make it more of an informational educational experience that Facebook really likes, that the viewers really like, and that converts really well. And then we tie the solution directly to the root cause. If collagen is collapsing, the fix is reactivating collagen production. If the nerves are damaged, the fix is electrical stimulation that repairs them. And then we want to use metaphors. It's like jump starting a dead battery, bringing your nerves back to life. You can use that for a foot pad that uses EMS, electrical stimulation on the feet and revives the nerves to stop neuropathy pain. You can show this new approach um how it's different. Pills just numb the pain. This targets the root the root cause of it. Okay? And then after we've done the mechanisms, we get into the product introduction. This is the moment where the solution becomes a product. And this is where their hope comes to life. This is now becomes something tangible that they can buy, they can use to solve their problem because it solves the root cause and then we transition smoothly smoothly. That's why I partnered with a leading lab to create this product. We took this breakthrough, we built it into a daily patch you can use from home or you can do it as a third party perspective. This company took the product, took the solution and turned it into a product that any American can use to get rid of their pain. And now your product becomes the delivery system for the solution mechanism. And what's important here is that you want to keep it tight. You want to give the product a good name, simple name. Mention the key benefit when you introduce the product. It removes the pain. It brings you back to this state that you're looking for. And highlight what makes it unique or accessible. You only need to use it 10 minutes a day. You can use it from home. It's the same treatment that you get in clinics for 10 times more. And then we go into the benefits and promises. So we've we've brought their attention in with the hook. We've agitated it and brought their engagement into the VSSL. Now they're interested. They're watching. Then the problem mechanism, the real root cause and the reason other solutions don't work. The solution mechanism which resolves the root cause and gets you to the dream outcome right from point A to point B. And the product itself which is the solution mechanism packaged into something you can use. Now we want to explain to them why this is good, why they want it. So just like we had to bring the problem top of mind, now we want to bring the desires top of mind. So we build intense desire by stacking tangible and emotional benefits. So we start with specific results. Fall asleep in minutes. Stay asleep all night. Wake up refreshed for a sleep patch. Then we layer on the emotional outcomes. Feel energized. Think clearly. Get your life back. Better at work. Better in your relationship. Then we want to stack on benefits. More energy, better mood, glowing skin, no more pain for a collagen supplement. Visual language. Picture yourself finally enjoying a morning walk painfree. Picture yourself playing with your grandkids, with your children. and picture yourself rejoining your friends and social events and getting that energizing feeling into the viewer. And then we want to anchor it back to the problem. No more pain, no more sleepless nights, no more discomfort, no more feeling like a prisoner in your own body. We we close that loop and then we have the proof and the close. So now we want to build trust, right? Now they have desire. Now they need trust. They're a little skeptical before they take action. So we start with social proof. Thousands of customers swear by it. So thousands of people are already using it. John, who finally got restful sleep after years of struggling that can transition you into a short testimonial. It's developed alongside sleep specialists. So any kind of authority figures or proof or research you have, this is where you put it in. 150,000 users have transformed their health. Then we want to add a risk reversal, which is a guarantee. 90-day money back guarantee. If it doesn't work, you get a full refund, no questions asked. Then the crossroads close creates urgency. You have a crossroad. You have two options. You can keep doing what you've been doing and struggling because you're not solving the root cause. Or you can take action and finally fix the problem, your call. And then we end with the clear next steps. Click the button below. You'll get taken to a secure page and you can make your purchase there. Stock is limited. Grab yours before this offer ends. Now, here's why this structure works so well and how you can implement it yourself. So, you've seen all seven core sections of a high-converting VSSL. The hook captures their attention. The lead brings it into our video. Problem mechanism shifts their belief about the real cause of what they're dealing with. Solution mechanism resolves the new root cause. Product introduction. The product provides the solution mechanism solves the root cause. Gives you the dream outcome. Benefits and promises. Everything you're going to get as a result of using this product. the proof, why it works, why other people have used it, why it's safe to buy it, and the close, why you need to take action right now. So, let's talk about why it works, and how you can apply it. So, why does this structure work so well? It mirrors the natural emotional journey of a human being making a decision. Curiosity, relevance to you as a person watching, the pain that you want to solve a reason to act, hope that you can solve it, belief that you can solve it because you now you know the real root cause and the solution to it. Desire for the product that's going to provide that and action to get it right now. So each section has a job as I just mentioned. The lead and the problem, they build tension. They connect to the viewers at negative emotions that are already there, the problem they're dealing with. The solution offers relief, the clear next step. The benefits create desire. And the proof and the clothes remove doubt and push them to act. It feels like a story, like an experience, like a decision that they've made with our help with the new information we provided them. That's why it works so well on cold traffic. We're not pushing them. We're not trying to sell them on something. We're trying to shift the belief. There's no pressure, just the natural momentum from problem to belief to purchase. I've used this exact structure to generate over $10 million in revenue. now closer to $15 million and sell two brands. I'm actually in the process of selling an e-commerce brand right now that I built up over the last year and a half. Founders inside of Ecom Blueprint like a seir, a good friend of mine now, he's seen an 11 times rorowaz and he's scaled from zero to over 100k a month using VSSLs a few months after joining the community. So, how to implement this in your brand? One, research. You got to get inside your customer's mind through forums, Amazon reviews. Don't take too long on this, but you need to see from their perspective. This should just take an hour or so. Study their pain points, what they're dealing with right now, their desires, what they want, and their everyday language. How do they communicate about the problem, their desires, what they've tried before. You can use tools like Amazon reviews, Reddit threads, Perplexity AI, Chat, GPT, Facebook groups, and your own support tickets if you already have a product. Then you want to find your problem mechanism. What's the real root cause? Find some kind of study or proof and then learn how to explain it in a simple, unique, and desirable way and use metaphors to simplify any complex scientific concepts. If it sounds like something they've never heard before and it makes total sense, that's the perfect problem mechanism. Then you got to outline your VSSL. Use the seven section framework. That's your skeleton. Write each section a quick summary. And then keep the language simple. Eighth grade reading level or lower. I speak at an eighth grade level. You can use AI for this um as well. Just tell it you know your criteria eighth grade reading level. Use metaphors. Simplify everything and follow the structure. Make it feel like a real person talking to another human. And then you want to test your hooks. So, you know, build the VSSL and then test your hooks before you're going going into testing new VSSLs and new structures. So some production tips and optimization tips. So for the production tips, we have first authenticity. That means we want to use UGC style footage in our hooks and in our leads to take out that skepticism and and we don't want this to look like an advertisement. So this works best when you take those clips from Tik Tok, from Instagram reels, from Meta, from YouTube, any uh clips that are out there on social media that we can use. Um, for clarity, we want to use 3D animations when we explain the mechanism. So that means when we're explaining spinal compression or collagen collapse, we want to use a 3D illustration, medical animation to show the collagen cells collapsing or the spine, right? We don't want to just show a person. We want to show the mechanism itself. Now, for polish and to make it a smoother experience to keep engagement, you want to add a B-roll from stock footage sites, from social media or AI generated or your own content that you filmed or had an actor film. We want to have captions on the VSSL. We want to have music cues to support the emotional beats, so something more intense in the hook and the lead, and then something softer for the explanation of the mechanisms and the close. And then once your VSSL is live, some key metrics you want to track is your hook rate. Are people watching the first 5 seconds? Your hold rate. Are they staying past 30 to 60 seconds, which is your lead? And then the conversion rate. Is the VSSL actually making sales? That's the most important one. If the hook test flops, you test new ones. If the leads don't work, you test new ones. If people are dropping off after the product introduction um or the close or they're not clicking through or you're not getting the conversion rate, you may need to have a stronger close. So, this framework gives you the foundation and then you'll just have to do the testing yourself. And as I said, for the bonus, I'm going to be going over a more advanced version of the script that you can use. If you already have experience and you're willing to try some new structures, you want to go deeper. Here's an more advanced version. So, we have the hook. I have some examples here under each subsection. Why people with problem are switching to solution described with unique mechanism. So, why people with knee pain are switching to this infrared heated massager. Then we have the lead. We want to meet the viewer at the level of their beliefs, what they think the root cause is. Get on the frequency of what they believe right now and shift them to a new one. So we do this by saying something like most of us have been told that knee pain is caused by sitting too much, old age or overuse. But the truth is um it's not caused by what you've been told. Then we have the problem mechanism. Actually knee pain is caused by something called cartilage collapse inside your knee. and we agitate the problem. The early signs of the problem and the danger of ignoring it. In the beginning, this is sounds like clicking and popping and discomfort. But if it's ignored, it can turn into a serious situation that requires surgery and the emotional pain that comes with this problem. The day-to-day dimensionalization, so not just knee pain, you can't walk up the stairs, you can't sleep properly at night, you're tired in the morning, you can't hang out with your friends and do the activities you used to be able to do, you can't spend time with your family the same way. So this is how the problem looks in the person's real life. Then we want to compare this um we don't have our solution presented yet but we want to compare to inferior alternative solutions. And the way we do this is we can give a small benefit to them first and then explain why they don't work. So we can say physical therapy, stretching and even injections can work for relieving pain in the short term but they don't solve the underlying root cause. Then we introduce the solution with an authority figure or hero story. So in this structure, we're presenting the problem, the product as a solution that was created by an expert. So he saw all of the issues with knee pain. He saw that the typical treatments were not getting to the root of it and people needed to get surgery. So he found a way that he could solve the problem naturally with the solution mechanism. Then we build credibility. He put so much effort into creating this. He tested different products. Um he tested this and that. He spent money on trials. If you're working with a doctor, you can do this. Otherwise you can talk about the social proof, the research that went into it and then we get into the solution mechanism. So this is how the product works. This is why it solves the problem effectively. So it's a little bit of a different order but the same uh thought process and the same psychological flow. We explain the solution mechanism with metaphors and we tie it together to the root cause. How does it solve the root cause and get you that dream outcome that you're looking for? Then I like to use a long testimonial. We have a protagonist who's struggling. They go through the whole hero's journey. They're struggling with the problem. They nothing is helping. They tried everything. Then someone recommends the solution. They try it. It works. And then they get to their dream outcome. The end result. We cut from the testimonial. We talk now about the dream outcome, the benefits they're going to get, the emotional transformation that's going to happen in their day-to-day life. We also want to address skepticism headon. So, we need to give them a guarantee that's going to ease that skepticism. So, take the risk off of them. You have nothing to lose. you have 90 days to try this out, 180 days to try this out. And then we call them to action. We give them a reason to buy right now. There's a limited time offer. There's a scarcity in inventory. We are going viral. Um, and you need to buy right now to get access to this product. A clear direct CTA. What exactly should they do? Click the button below. Click the buy now button below and get your knee massager today. And then that's going to take them usually to an advertorial page, which I have some videos on advertorials, breaking down some of the best ones on the planet if you want to learn more about how to use So, this is another example of a structure that you can use. And I will link the structure in the description of this YouTube video below so you can get access to it and even see an example of this structure in action with a back pain product. All right. So now that you've got the only VSSL structure that you ever need, the barebone structure of every ad that works, you just got to follow these steps. Create a powerful hook. Agitate the problem in the lead. Bring them in. Introduce your your unique mechanisms, the real root cause and the solution to that root cause. And then you got to close with urgency. Give them a reason to act right now. Your conversion rates, your rorowaz, they're going to go up. That's for sure. Because this ad format is better than any other on the market. Once you've got the structure dialed in and you want to be able to scale without your ads fatiguing and without your scale being limited, you need to incorporate new angles. Okay, so this is who we're talking to, how we're framing the problem, it's going to give Facebook ammunition to go after new audiences and unlock even more scale. So check out this next video where I go through how I'm testing angles without burning through a big budget and and I'm doing this pretty quickly. So this is my full angle testing framework. So you can check that out and that's the next step on this process. Enjoy. In this video, I'm going to be breaking down one of the best performing snoring product VSSLs on the market. It's grossing over $4 million a month, and it's all because of one core mechanism that they put together that holds the entire campaign together. It's very well done. The copy is very strong, very simple. It's a short ad, just about 5 minutes, but it's a very powerful one. So, if you're new here, I'm Fernando Oliver. On this channel, I break down the world's top performing direct response ads. I've made millions from my own e-commerce brands, sold two of them, and these ads are pulling in millions of revenue every month. They're the top ones in the world and I'm going deep into the psychology behind them, the structures, the copy copyrightiting flow and giving you everything you need to reverse engineer them and use them for your own brand. All right, so let's get into it. All right, so let us break down this DSL script. All right, this is the Honx Hex anti-s snoring mouthguard. As you guys probably know, if you've been in this industry for a while, snoring is one of the most competitive industries. So they really broke through with the script and were able to scale for a long time. They're still scaling and this is a monster BSL. So, let's break down exactly how it works. Let's start with the hook. What's one of the scariest side effects of snoring? A silent stroke. So, right away we're starting with one of the strongest emotions possible, which is fear, which is a really big one in this market if you've done your research. This is what your airway looks like when you're snoring. Most people think snoring is loud breathing. It's not. So, the hook is kind of unrelated um to the next sentence. The hook is there for shock value, for getting attention, and it applies to pretty much the entire market because fear is such a strong dominant emotion. It's going to capture attention from everyone that has snoring issues or is related to someone with snoring issues. So the the purpose of this hook is to be able to target a huge market to get a total takeover on Facebook, on YouTube, because this applies to almost everyone in this niche. Okay? So they're just going after a big broad market. This is why they're able to do 4 million a month because their hook is not narrowing down into one specific category, which can be very profitable, but has a limited scale. They're talking to everyone. This is what your airway looks like when you're snoring. So, they dive right away into a demonstration, bringing the viewer into the experience. They're not going to go off on some long explanation trying to agitate the problem. They're going in right away to the mechanism and showing the airway, a 3D animation of the airway. Most people think snoring is loud breathing. Then they're doing a myth busting. It's not. Okay? Okay, so that's also a very effective hook or lead tactic is to bust a commonly held belief. It's going to make the people wonder, okay, well, what is snoring? Why do I believe that? And they're just going to build more engagement. It's your airway slowly collapsing like trying to sleep while breathing through a straw that's half pinched shut for 8 hours straight. They do a great job here of demonstrating the mechanism, okay? Making it visual, making it understandable through this metaphor, comparing it to a straw, breathing through a straw. All right. So, this makes the problem, it takes it from the concept stage, the idea stage, and makes it real, something you can experience and understand. This is what all really strong VSSLs have in common. Instead of just saying it's your airway collapsing, they'll explain what that actually means in a way that it can land. Okay? Cuz that's what creates the emotional reaction and eventually builds desire and interest. That's what your throat is doing every night, making it very personal, applying it to you. You want to take that from this to this. And now they're showing a difference between the collapsed airway in the 3D animation to the open airway. Okay, that's working properly. The problem is that's exactly what most solutions don't do. And this is the perfect uh utilization of VSSL structure. Now that they've explained the root cause, they're going to explain why most solutions don't solve the root cause. Okay? Because they don't open up the airway. Well, what do most people do when their wives complain about snoring? Most ignore it, but their loved ones can't. Love is blind, but it's not deaf. Very funny. Now, this could almost be a standalone hook and lead, and that's exactly what they might have done here. Stacked two different intros on top of one another, but this is bringing in a whole new angle. So, we address the snoring itself. This is applicable to, you know, it's a market of, let's say, 40 million people. This applies to all of them. Now, this is narrowing it down a bit, but making it more vivid, more emotional. So, we're speaking to even smaller percentage of the market. Let's say it was 40 million before, now it's 10 million or 20 million, but we're speaking to them much more directly. And the more directly you can speak to your prospect without making them uncomfortable or skeptical, the more likely they are to buy. Okay? We do that indirectly. Here they say, they don't say, "What do you do when your wife complains about snoring?" They say, "What do most people do?" That's how they keep it indirect. Most ignore it, but their loved ones can't. So, we're creating a problem here. 90,000 couples are sleeping in separate rooms because of one thing, snoring. All right? Making again, it's a real vivid emotional problem that you're dealing with. And if you're one of that 90,000, it's probably more than that, then this VSSL is really going to speak to you and you're very likely to buy. When one person is snoring, two people stop sleeping. They have great little catchphrases. And that leads to more than just groggy mornings. It causes arguments, emotional distance, and kills the intimacy that once came so easily. So, we went from just talking about snoring, the technical side of it, the root cause of it, to now making it more emotional. It's ruining your relationship. And many people have relationship issues. This is one thing an effective VSSL does is it takes somewhat unrelated problems and funnels them onto the core problem. So even if your emotional problems are not related to snoring, if you're having relationship problems, this is going to speak to you if you're a snorer. And you're just going to subconsciously assume that it's related to the problem itself. You're going to hope that it is because if you can solve the problem, you can solve the emotional issues until finally they retreat to the other room. That's when people start trying all sorts of band-aid solutions. So now we're going to break down the alternatives and why they don't work. CPAP machines are loud, expensive, and the perfect breeding ground for dangerous bacteria. So, that's one of the primary tools to solve this problem and they've just dismissed it. Loud, expensive, and a breeding ground for bacteria. If you don't clean it properly every day, every breath pulls germs straight into your lungs. This is an extremely effective way to discount this solution. This is one that people in the snoring niche have trouble discounting because they do work. The CPAP machines, they're a medically prescribed uh solution. But in this case, they found, you know, an issue with it that is very visceral. I mean, think about that. Every breath pulls germs straight into your lungs. That hits you right in the core. You can feel that. Then we got into nose strips. Nose strips are completely useless. They help you breathe better through the nose, but snoring happens in the throat and not the nose. Okay? So then they've just dismissed the second biggest alternative solution for snoring. And mouth tapes are probably the most dangerous of all. So you can see they're doing a lot of fear here. They did fear in the hook. They did fear against the CPAP machines. ated fear with the mouth tape. You only have two ways to breathe. When you block one way, you're increasing your chances of suffocation by 100%. It's intense. You're increasing your chances of suffocation. I mean, it's technically true, right? If you have two ways to breathe, but it almost sounds like the impression you get is like you're 100% going to suffocate. That's what you would get if you're not really paying attention. It's like locking the only one emergency exit in a burning building. These solutions fail because they don't address the deeper underlying problem. So, they're really dismissing these solutions with two different tactics. They don't address the root cause and then they're also building a lot of fear into it. You're breathing in germs. You could suffocate. Um they're really going after these hard. They want you to feel like you have no good options out there that you know of. When you fall asleep, your jaw naturally relaxes backward, drags your tongue with it, creates a dangerous pinch in your airway. All right. So, going deeper into the problem mechanism. Think of it like stepping on a garden hose. This is the metaphor that makes it real and vivid. The water still tries to flow, but now it sprays and sputters. It's very simple, very effective. Okay, so this is a little bit more technical and conceptual, meaning it's in the realm of the mind. This is in the body. This is, you know, this is always how you want to structure your mechanisms. The technical explanation, keep it as simple as you can and make it clear. And then the metaphor, make it real, make it vivid. That's the snoring sound your throat makes when it's fighting for air. But it's not just about the noise. It triggers a devastating chain reaction. So again, they're building on it. They're not just saying it's inconvenient. There's a real risk. Your blood oxygen levels plummet, your heart raises to compensate, and your brain starts sending panic signals to your body. That's why people wake up with splitting headaches, feel exhausted no matter how long you sleep. Can't shake that mental fog all day. Even worse, this oxygen deprivation is literally aging your body faster. So, they're piling on the fear. And it's rooted in reality. It's grounded in reality. They're not overexaggerating it. Studies show chronic snorers can lose up to eight years of healthy lifespan because when your cells are starved for oxygen night after night, your immune system crashes. Your metabolism slows to a crawl. The answer was incredibly simple. All right, before we go any further, a quick announcement. I have one of the top direct response e-commerce communities on the internet. If you want to join it, you want to learn how to make VSSLs, advertorials, and understand the principles of direct response behind the top ads in the world, check the community out. The link is in the description. All right, let's get back to the video. All right, so we've really agitated the pain. We've taken them down to the rock bottom. They have no alternatives. Your body's aging. Your body's being destroyed. You're at risk of suffocating. I mean, they've built a really serious dark knight of the soul here with this snoring issue. And now they're going to help take us out of it and lead us into the problem. So, let's see how they do that. This is the main transition point of our VSSL. The answer was incredibly simple. Okay? And this is where everything changes. Just keep the jaw from sliding backwards during sleep. So, this is what I love to do in my VSSLs, and they do a really good job of that here. They're giving you the solution mechanism without giving you the product. So, how do you solve the problem? Well, it's very simple. You just keep the jaw from sliding back during sleep. But that begs the question, how do I do that? And most people don't really know how to do that. The challenge was how to do this comfortably without expensive custom dental work and your risk of serious health problems skyrockets. That's why Dr. Lieberman's discovery is so revolutionary. So, there it's building rapport when they assume that you already know who this who this person is and you already know the story. As one of the world's leading sleep experts, he watched his own father suffer a devastating stroke from untreated sleep apnea. So, there's a personal reason the hero decided to solve this problem that always makes it more effective. That personal tragedy drove him to dedicate his life to solving this problem. For over two decades, he studied thousands of snoring patients, looking for patterns that others had missed. After a groundbreaking 7-year study with 35,100 patients, ages 25 to 85, so it applies to literally everyone. Everyone's qualified, he made a stunning discovery. So, this is a big breakthrough. And now we're going to get into the solution. The solution wasn't forcing air through a block passage like CPAT machines or trying to breathe through your nose with nose strips or dangerously taping your mouth shut or bulky adjustment devices. So he dismisses all the alternatives. We're keeping his open loop um in the fresh in their mind. The solution is just on the tip of their tongue, right? His discovery is revolutionary. Keep the jaw backward. Groundbreaking discovery solution, but we still haven't given it to them. So they're still watching. And and meanwhile, we're building up the solution. We're taking down the alternatives and we're emphasizing how important it is to solve this problem, right? His father suffered a stroke. So, there's a lot you can do when you capture their attention with an open loop. There's a lot you can fit into that, a lot of selling. That's when Dr. Lieberman partnered with sleep engineers to develop a revolutionary new type of mouthpiece. One that would gently hold the jaw forward, keep airways open all night, and feel completely natural. It works from the very first use. The result, 98% of users eliminated snoring on night one. I mean, that's a bold claim. It's social proof, and it's the dream outcome, right? you just use this product and snoring is gone. So there they have the dream outcome and remember this is after we've taken them out of rock bottom. They're eager for a solution. They they have hope. They want to believe that they can solve the problem to get rid of that feeling of anxiousness that we created by calling out their problem very specifically. By day three, they forgot they were even wearing it. This breakthrough device became known as the HoneX mouthpiece. Using cuttingedge 3D flex technology, excuse me, that's the custom unique mechanism that's making this work. It custom molds to your unique mouth shape in minutes, creating the perfect position to keep your airways open all night. No dentist visit, no expensive custom fittings, no complicated adjustment. So, they're taking away, they're doing the objection handling. Just pop it in your mouth before, just pop it in before bed and experience silent, peaceful sleep from the very first night. So, now we're getting into the positive side of the VSSL. You can even feel the tone is a lot more positive. It's about promises, benefits, the dream outcome you're going to get, how easy it is to use. We've completely shifted the tone of the VSSL and that's what we do, right? We capture attention. We take them down. That's called agitating the problem. We increase the fear, the urgency of solving it. Then we have the transition point. In this case, it's Dr. Lieberman, the person who created the solution, and then we take them up into the solution they created, how well it works, the benefits you're going to get, etc. Over 1.5 million people have transformed their sleep with Honex. From night one, your snoring stops. They're really emphasizing that, and that's a huge promise. And now you're willing to believe it because they've given you so much information. You understand how it works, and you want to believe it because the problem seems so steep, so drastic. Your airway stays stays open and you can sleep peace peacefully sleep the entire night while not disturbing your partner within a week. Morning headaches vanish. Mental fog lifts. Energy returns. Intimacy improves. The Honex is smaller than a credit card. So, it's perfect for travel. So, here's like the major benefits, right? This solves all the problems we mentioned. Headaches are gone, mental fog is gone, energy is back, and intimacy is back. So, we're resolving all of those open loops of fear that we created earlier. It's soft and comfortable. You can talk normally, drink water, sleep in any position, and it's easy to clean. Just rinse it with water or soak it a few minutes with baking soda. And it's backed by our 60-day money back guarantee. So, we're emphasizing the ease of use. And then we're removing risk and moving into the CTA, the call to action where we're going to get them to actually click, go to our product page, and buy the product. If you don't experience the best sleep of your life, if you're not 100% satisfied, simply email us for a complete refund. Okay? So, that's the risk reversal. There's no risk. But I should warn you due to high demand and limited materials, this is the urgency and scarcity that's getting you to act now. The Honx often sells out. Last time stock was gone in just seven days. All right? So this is what's getting you to buy right now to click right now. Don't risk another night of dangerous oxygend deprived sleep. The final push of fear. Okay. Click below now. Clear CTA to secure your eggs and finally experience the silent restful sleep you deserve. Click now while supplies last. So this is the perfectly structured CTA. This sentence right here is how you want to structure it. Click below now. What do you do? Secure your honex. What do you get? And experience the silent restful sleep you deserve. The big promise. And then we have one final CTA. Click now while supplies last. All right. So, this is a very wellexecuted VSSL. This thing is a beast. So, this copy is super tight. They do a really good job of calling out the primary problems, the emotional problems. A lot of snoring VSSLs who try to make it in this market, they don't go as hard on the problem as these guys do. And they don't do as good of a job dismissing the alternative solutions. The main one is the CPAP machine. How you're breathing in germs. It really takes out the number one alternative and makes it look like there's no choice but to get this product. All right. So, this is just a monster VSSL that can be adapted to pretty much any product, especially in big broad markets. You can do the same thing for hair loss, for gut health, weight loss, muscle building, anything that's a big broad market. You can find ways to get to the core of the problem and emphasize the problem better than all your other competitors do. In this case, they're not just talking about snoring. Snoring is the surface level. They're really going into intimacy, relationship issues, real fear, you know, for your life when it comes to breathing, suffocation, etc. And they're just, you know, going very deep into the stuff that's going to make you want to actually take action. All right, so this is a fantastic VSSL. I'll leave the link to this breakdown in the bottom of this video in the description. I also have a full, you know, breakdown that I did with my custom GPT that's going through many different parts of this, so you can check that out in the description. All right, and that's it for this video, for this breakdown. I hope you enjoyed. I hope you learned something valuable that you can take into your own business. And once again, if you want to learn more and see me go deeper into many different funnels, ads, VSSLs, and learn more about how I structure my e-commerce businesses, check out the Direct Response Ecom Blueprint. The link is in the description below. It's a private school community, over a 100 members inside, lots of people scaling past six figures a month, seven figures a month. So, check that out if you're interested, if you run an e-commerce business or you're a marketer. All right, thanks for watching. Take care of yourself and en enjoy your day. All right. Well, I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you found it valuable, and I hope you can implement these strategies in your business to grow faster than you have before. So, thank you for watching. If you want more in-depth information and strategies, join my direct response ecom blueprint school community. We've got over a 100 members in there. I'm active every day. We do a weekly call and there's a ton of resources that you can learn from all my strategies. I go much more in depth than I did in this video. Once again, thanks for watching. I hope you enjoyed and I'll see you on the next one. Take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @soufian-hab [3 likes]: How this is Free, 
Thanks Fernando for the value here, God bless you
  2. @maksim2144 [2 likes]: Fernando, this is a crazy great video. Thank you for this
  3. @superopline [1 likes]: toop
  4. @jamann1234 [1 likes]: Question: are the VSLs you breakdowned in you skool Community best performers?
Should we learn from them?
  5. @WorkModedtc [1 likes]: Thanks Fernando
  6. @nicetryki [1 likes]: hello this link is down not working: 🚀 FREE: The #1 most comprehensive VSL resource on the planet
(20+ chapters, 100+ modules, everything you need to know about VSLs + copy templates & AI prompts)
so much value in this video thank u so much by the way

- The State of Direct Response Copywriting in 2025 (And How to CRUSH It): Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome again to R&B 2. In this first module, before we dive in to the re-imagined R&B method and all the other amazing stuff that you saw in the intro, uh we're going to just talk about copyrightiting and the state of direct response in 2025. And I'm trying to do this video and this section so that it's both beginner friendly for people who really don't know anything and people who are more seasoned vets and who may know parts of this but also can benefit from a reminder and we'll probably you hopefully see some unique insights as well. Okay, so what are we going to be covering? What are we going to be covering? Sometimes I combine my words and talk fast. You'll talk about, you know, what is copywriting, the two crucial customer journeys you need to understand, what sales funnels look like in 2025, the true purpose of direct response marketing, context is king, or I can even say why context is king. So, why all advertising starts with product market awareness and platform specific strategies, and then a little bit about the R&B2 approach and how it simplifies complexity and leverages AI. Now, frankly, you already saw a lot about this in the intro module. Originally, I I didn't know that I was going to do that intro module and realized I needed to. Uh, and so we'll talk about this a little bit, but let's just kind of get started, right? What is copyright? Okay, and I know there's a lot of stuff on here and you might be reading ahead. I get it. Try to stick with me. Um, I didn't want to make this into a PowerPoint. Like, there's just no point. Okay. What is copyrightiting? It's like the art and science of writing advertisements. Okay? And so simple from that context. Like there's no magic thing for copyrightiting. It's just like it's writing ads. And of course that's a huge part of what RBC2 is about. Uh but if we think about it, the really important thing about RBC2, and I think this would be different from RBC1, is copyright doesn't exist in a vacuum. I think in RBC1, the original RBC, like I talked about all these different elements, right, a sales letter or an ad, whatever it was, but I don't think it was holistic enough. And you know the change even since 2020 even though I'd scaled things I had all the success and you know at the time of R&B1 is is since then I've I've just scaled more businesses really been in the trenches on so much stuff and um and worked with you know thousands of copyriters and hundreds of business owners and all that stuff and and it's like copyrightiting is cool but it doesn't exist in a in a vacuum and so many especially for you freelance copyriters who are watching uh RBC2 and maybe you're earlier on you sort of think like okay I write emails for the company and you know they make money I make money I write video sales letter I write sales pages I write advtorials whatever it is um and even for in-house copywriters right like businesses hire copywriters and say write us emails write this but it's like that doesn't work you really need to understand the holistic view and the holistic picture which comes back to product market awareness and platform specific strategies and also what is the journey right what is the journey that somebody's on and the first journey and the one we'll focus on mostly in this video is the journey from prospect to purchaser right so that's where they start at point A they're not a customer and then through your efforts which include copyrightiting right they arrive at point B which is becoming a paying customer and it's really if we're staying simple so far you know you're writing ads that help somebody go from point point A, not a customer, to point B, they become a customer. And then there's a second journey where they become a go from a customer to a repeat champion or just another repeat customer, right? They already bought once, now they buy again and again and again. And that can happen in an upsell. So right after they buy, they're given an upsell. Um, hey, buy more stuff, right? It can happen with email marketing over the course of weeks, months, or years. Could happen through SMS, call center, all kinds of other things we can do, right? content. Um, so we're going to mostly focus on that first journey in this intro. We're guiding someone from point A, not a customer, to point B, a customer. And that first journey is often visualized as a salesunnel. Okay? So, this is just one way of looking at a salesunnel. You know, you've got your advertisement, maybe there's some organic discovery or recommendation from a friend, whatever it is. somebody becomes aware of your brand or product or service that you're writing for. Right? So, a simple way of looking at it, when they see an ad for your product, now they're aware of it. If the product generates their interest through curiosity, an emotional connection, speaking to their pain point, whatever other thing it is, they click the ad, right? They get to your website, they're sold even more. Their desire increases, right? And it's not just a desire for the product, it's a desire to solve their pain point. We'll go through all this in depth in RBC, don't worry. Right? But their desire to solve their painoint increases and hopefully they take action, right? Um, so this is a classic ADA framework, right? But awareness, interest, desire, action, they take action, they buy. Okay? So like that's sort of like the psychological journey. And as I put here, how does it how does it begin? Well, it could be an advertisement like like that's mostly what we'll focus on RBC2. It could be organic discovery. They browse on Amazon. They Google something and see an organic SEO result. Uh a friend recommends it. Whatever it is, but we'll focus on advertisements. And there's like a lot of ways that a customer sees an ad, right? And the digital landscape is vast. So they can see ads on Facebook and Instagram, native ads, Tik Tok, YouTube, Google Display, inapp stuff on Shopify, Amazon, email marketing, and of course, even radio and TV. Now, am I going fast on this? And you're like, "Well, I don't know a lot about Tik Tok ads." That's that's okay. Guess what? We're going to have it covered in RBC2, right? But those are all platforms where a prospective customer might encounter your ad. And what's really important to understand is that ads will typically look, feel, and be written differently depending on the platform. And we're going to explore that in depth below in this, well, kind of in depth in this video and then hugely in depth throughout R&B2. But for now, let's just say, okay, they see an ad and if it's a good ad, it compels that person to take action. So, the ad elicits a direct response and that in essence is direct response copyrightiting. It's writing ads and other marketing materials designed to get a prospective customer to take an immediate measurable action which could include calling a number, clicking a link, buying a product, sharing a post, sign up for a newsletter, and so on. So, the point is that they're taking an action. And the sole criterion by which we really judge an ad's effectiveness, whether it's good or not, is this ability to get the right kind of people to consistently take the desired action when they see it. Okay, so let's process that for a moment together. Copyrightiting is like the art and science of writing ads, right? Um, and really direct response copyrightiting is you're creating an ad that gets somebody and not just somebody, but the right person to take the action we want them to take. Which in other words means we get them to directly respond to our ad, directly respond to our copyright. That's direct response copyrighting. And we say they're the right person. That comes back down to this idea of product market awareness, which we'll go into very in depth in the next module as we begin research. On a broad level, what we mean is if I have an ad for a coffee brand, right? Let's say I have a um a coffee that also gives you energy without the caffeine fresh. Okay. Um, do I want eight-year-olds clicking on the ad? No. Do I want people who don't drink coffee clicking on the ad? Not really. Some of you might think, well, yeah, cuz what if they decide to drink coffee? It's like, okay, sure. That's hard. I want someone who's like a coffee drinker who loves coffee but feels like they drink too much of it and is kind of thinking they should quit or cut back but they don't want to and they but they they just really love coffee. That's why I want to click on my ad. Okay, that's cool. I want them to directly respond to my ad. Do I want somebody who's actively looking for coffee without the crash products to click on my ad? Yeah, them too. But that's where we understand product market awareness cuz it's like what what are where are most people going to be? We'll talk about this more. I don't want to I don't want to ruin the next module, right? But that's like the right person. Not the 8-year-old who doesn't drink coffee, not the non- coffee drinker, the coffee drinker who loves coffee but is kind of doesn't like the negative effects of it. That's the right person. I want them to directly respond to my copyright into my app. Okay, so let's assume we have a good app. A prospect sees it and they respond by clicking. Well, what happens next? You know, in an ultra simplified version, go to a website, they add a product to their cart and they check out and buy, right? Oh my god, easy peasy. We did it. We're done. I know there's still like there's always a celebration thing. Just hold up a second. Yeah. We did it. Okay, easy peasy. And it it can be that simple. Actually, realistically, it really is. The truth about direct response copyrightiting and direct response marketing in general is that context is important. And this is really not just when I say direct response, I'm not talking about the old school like super aggressive hourlong video sales letter. I'm just saying anything where you're getting somebody to respond directly. So, this could be extremely branded, super clean ecom, it could be some crazy aggressive like where somebody's using a deep fake of George Clooney. Doesn't matter. I'm not advocating for doing deep fakes. I'm just saying like it could be any anything type of marketing that elicits a direct response is is that's what we're talking about, right? Context is important. So to understand why, if we go back to these different ad platforms, like what you'll notice is the ads will look different depending on the platform. And it's not just that the ad will look different, it's the customer journey will be different, too. So we can look at some quick examples here. We'll look at YouTube. Okay, you're on YouTube, you're watching a video, an ad pops up. Well, it's important to think about this. Why is a person on YouTube? Why do you go to YouTube? one of the biggest search engines in the world. Search engine. Interesting. You're usually going on YouTube. I may have it down below, but it's either for education or entertainment. Okay. So, what does that mean for a YouTube ad? Usually, you'll find that YouTube ads um or video mostly, which makes sense because if somebody goes to YouTube to watch videos, it makes sense that your ad would be a video, right? That's congruent. We'll talk about congruency more in a moment. I went here to watch videos. This is a video. But I didn't just go here to watch any video. I came here to watch entertaining videos or educational videos to learn. So guess what? Video ads that are more educational or entertaining or both will tend to outperform those that just aggressively hard sell somebody. And where do they go after they click on a YouTube ad? Well, a lot of times they'll go, not always, but a lot of times they'll go to a page on your website that features another video. Why? Because they're already in video watching mode. And so, especially if you have a short video ad and it goes to a landing page that's a very obvious advertisement, the spell is broken. But if they go to a page that has like a video that also has some copy, but the video is prominently featured and they can watch it and they right then more likely to buy. So that could be a video sales letter in the classic sense, but it could also be like an ecom landing page. Let's look at another example. Let's look at native advertising. Okay, so have a whole module a couple things a lot of things on native advertising. Okay. Native advertising though is like you're on wherever you're on like weather.com and you see like from around the web and they kind of look like they're going to be other news articles. So when I say news articles that's important because what who normally sees a native app? Usually they're reading articles online. So it's like news or celebrity gossip, how to guide, sports updates, content related to one of their interests. So, if I'm doing that, like I always do uh Topeka Kansas news. Okay, I'll make this fast. All right. Kansas Supreme Court makes license plate visibility ruling. Oh my gosh. Top big news in Kansas right now. Okay. I think this one will have it. So, I'm reading the news. I'm like a local person. I'm living in Kansas. Cool. Sponsored content. Costco shoppers say this wrinkle cream is actually worth it. This skinny drink is going viral. Um, mouth wrinkles are no match for this little known drugstore wrinkle cream. Here's a, you know, drain edema. Smart way to eliminate fleas. So, the point is, even though you can be like they kind of look ridiculous, turns out they work. Um, but if I click on this, if I'm on native and I'm reading an article and then I click on let's click on bug MD, even though this is sort of like a it does show the product right away, the format of it of this sales page is kind of like an article, right? It's lots of reading. But I was just on a website reading lots of stuff and then I get to a product page. Okay. What if I click on this edema one? Reveal the shocking kitchen item causing your edema. Hint, it's not salt. Okay. Even though it's not super like long, it feels like an article. I was just reading articles. That makes sense, right? because a native ad kind of looks like is designed to look and read like a link to an interesting news story. Okay, overall um it's supposed to blend in with the surrounding content. Some places do a better job than others. You'll see that later in RBC too, some websites. And so where do they go after they click a native ad? Almost always to an advertorial, which is like an advertisement that's crafted to look and feel like an editorial piece or a news story because it maintains congruence. So congruence is maintaining a consistent feeling um a consistent feeling experience for a prospect throughout their journey from point A to point B. So again, if I'm reading about the Kansas Supreme Court's license plate visibility ruling, then I click this ad and the ad takes me right to here. I'm like, what the Like why am I reading this ad? Pardon my language, but I'm going to custom RBC, too. You know, I'm like, I don't know what's going on. If I come here and again I don't actually love this format but at least here it's like unless I'm on mobile because people brought me on mobile board. Yes, it shows this but it sort of looks like something I would read as well. Okay. And then I'm like okay I'm reading. It's not the worst. I click on that edema thing. This going to go to video sales letter I imagine. Right. Okay. So, if I'm here, I click on this edema thing. I've got edema. It goes right to this big thing. Clicking video. I'm like, yeah, what the heck? I'm not going to watch a video. It goes here. Kind of feels like a little another article about the shocking kitchen item causing your edema. Oh, there's a video about it. Okay. Like, not perfect, but it works. and it's still more congruent. Right? So the other context element there's platform specific, right? So YouTube is different than native is different than meta is different than whatever else. Tik Tok. Um but there's also the product market awareness element. So I talked about that a bit before. I'm not going to go into too much more because the next module and research is all about it. Let's go back to our overarching customer journey. So remember, we're trying to get our our prospect from point A, seeing an ad, to point B, buying your product or service. So far, they've seen the ad, they've clicked the ad, they've landed on a contact specific page on your website. Um, so it could be uh, you know, page of a video after YouTube ad or an avertorial after native ad. And what happens next? Well, it still actually kind of depends, right? So let's stay on our native ad example to illustrate where do they go from avitorial and the paths can diverge. Um, now I have this right now, but you sort of just saw it in real life. Okay, so if the avitorial is really long and the product's not super expensive, they might go to a product page, right? I just clicked on these. I didn't have this planned. So you had the bug MD avitorial, it's quite long and it goes to a product page. And what's the pricing? Switch to one time purchase. Look at that. 24 each. You can get a single one for $34. Okay, that makes sense. I just All the selling just happens here, right? I'm super sold. I'm ready to buy. I don't need a lot of information. Bunch of FAQs in case I miss something. Don't need a ton of information, right? But, and I kind of talk about why here, but it's what I just said. Let's say it's really short. Okay, this is really short. Less than like 200 words. So, where might it go here? Might go to VSSL, video sales letter, just like an online infomercial, right? We'll obviously talk all about VSSLs. Why that? Well, because here we just want to get them curious. There's this, you know, secret thing for edema. But we're going to do a really long video sales letter selling them on it. Let me answer one question you might be thinking. Well, how do I know why should I do a VSSL or should I do a long avitorial to a product page? And the answer is, and this will continue to be the answer we'll talk about throughout RBC2, is that both probably work to be honest with you, um, fewer and fewer people do long form video sales letters on landing pages. They still work though. And some people are, you know, that's what I've grown up on. That's how I was raised. That's what works. So, you know, that's cool. The thing is, and I think I talk about this later, I know I know I talk about it later in RBC2, there's no like single right way to sell. Like, there's some hypothetical imaginable imag you can imagine this hypothetical optimal funnel. That's the perfect funnel, perfect information, but you will never have perfect information or complete information. And so all you're doing is like hypothesizing, guessing, and testing things. So for brands when you're like, do I need a VSSL? Maybe, but maybe not. Maybe long avitorial to a nice product page does enough for you. Okay. Um maybe then you test the VSSL short avitorial to a video sales letter. There's no magic answer. Again, I do give you a training that kind of tells you what the helps you select kind of an ideal optimal funnel strategy. Um, it's in part god I guess 12 or 13 or something. So, but that's like a, you know, a baseline, but really you have to experiment, find out what works best, right? Which is one of the reasons marketing is hard. It was always hard, but going back to the state of marketing in 2025, it's especially hard because there's so much stuff is context specific on platforms, product market awareness, and all that. It used to be back in the day, basically any ad goes to video, sales letter, goes to checkout and print. But that's like not what you see anymore. A lot of people who are struggling, who used to do really well and who struggle now, who are like business owners, brands, stuff like that, it's because they're still trying to make that model work and they're not mentally adjusting to the fact that that's not reality anymore. Reality now is that there's a lot of different things that work and often a video sales letter landing page isn't one of them. Again, can work, often not the move, right? And so marketing changes, technology changes, platform change, consumer habits change, psychology changes, all these things change. You have to change too. So we'll spend a lot of time talking about video sales letters in this course. Of course, of course, of course, of course. But um you what is it doing? like on a page like a landing page like this one. It's going to hook a prospect in in the first five seconds. Create curiosity, build rapport, and establish credibility. Often have a hero's journey story. What does that mean? Like it means that I started off here. I'm a reluctant hero. I was here. Life was fine, but something pulled me into action. I was suffering. Somebody I knew was suffering. I noticed that things weren't right. And so I I got called to action to where I had to go solve figure out a real solution to this suffering, right? And in order to do that, I had to find out the real reason why people suffer. And I found the real solution. And that's what the unique mechanism is. And like everything I'm talking about, we'll have more detail on that. You know, ultimately I discovered, created, partnered with somebody to have this product that was the best manifestation of that solution, the easiest, most convenient, most price effective, right? All that. It's got lots of high perceived value. It should cost a lot more than it does, but it's going to be a great deal for you. Buy the product. Okay, that's like on a really broad level what a VSSL does, especially an on-page VSSL. Sort of similar for infeed VSSLs, VSSLs that run as an ad on Facebook or Instagram, but sometimes it's not. And we'll get into the differences for RBC2, but let's take a brief pause here. Okay, we've we've started from understanding what copyrightiting is and what direct response copyriting is. We've we're looking at the initial customer journey, the role of ads, platform context, how different types of ads lead to different initial landing uh sorry landing page experiences like advertorials or VSSLs. And so you're kind of getting a glimpse into the strategic thinking that's involved here. Let's continue our journey. So once they've gotten to an advertorial or video sales letter or product page, we still need them to take another action, which is adding a product to their cart and then checking out. And the check out, there's still work to be done cuz we got to get them to do kind the craziest stuff on the checkout page. They got to enter their personal information, enter their credit card details. They got mentally prepare to part their money, make the final commitment by clicking place order. Um, and so even the copy and the style of the checkout page can vary uh dramatically, which we'll explore more in RBC2. And I mentioned it in the first sort of overview video, too. But once they do that, the good news is we've conceptually completed the first customer journey. You gain them from point A, not a paying customer, to point B. And it's exciting, but you might be sitting here thinking, damn, marketing can be hard. And you know what? It can be, especially in 2025, when you consider all the individual components and how they can be combined in different ways, right? There's different ad types that go to different pre-sale pages, but maybe they don't. Maybe they just go right to a sales page, aka PDP. Um, I put product pages like different than sales page, like we'll get into that later. Checkout flows. There's like a lot of stuff. So, it feels like a lot, but it doesn't really have to be so overwhelming because when we zoom out, all we're really doing honestly could just put like Yeah, this is like a VSSL lander I would say. Oh, and this is a PDP like but whatever. Okay. All it really is is like add VSSL checkout. That's sort of like the classic model. still can work. Add advertorial VSSL checkout. Add advertorial VSSL product page checkout. Add product page checkout. Add advvertorial product page checkout. And actually, this is probably the most common one used by most people I know doing eight figures in ecom. But the ad might be a video sales letter ad, might be something else. Okay, but the point is it should be it is less overwhelming. So, the type of ad, all these things could vary, but we're going to cover all that systematically throughout RBC2. And I have this info graphic that I created. I mentioned briefly in the overview of sort of you may have started this video here. I just took you through the bowels of marketing hell, but you will make it to the other side. Okay? And while you're doing this journey, you're going to have a huge advantage, which is that you're going to see transparency into what already works. And what I mean by that is the simplest way to write effective copy for any product or service is to just model what other successful brands selling similar products or services already doing. Uh you don't need to reinvent the wheel and you shouldn't. You just need to model off of what's working. And so I talk about swiping a lot in RBC2 and it's also really the foundation of all the copy generation stuff that we do. So we'll dissect tons of effective copy across every stage of a salesunnel. We'll look at real examples. We'll see what's working and we'll give you the knowledge so you can create similar assets very quickly. And like I just alluded to, it gets even better because thanks to the rise of large language models and LLMs and the specific processes you'll learn inside RBC2, it's now easier than ever to write great copy for all these funnel assets in anywhere from 5 minutes to maybe a few hours of both. And yeah, this is a radical shift from when I did the original R&B back in 2020 because that was like a game changer because I show people how to write a great sales letter in like a week instead of eight weeks. It's crazy. This is 5 years. So 5 years ago, the idea of writing a great sales letter, like a long form video sales letter in a week was like mind-blowing right now. And for me, it was like 12 to 16 hours. like, "Oh my god, that's dinosaur time, right? You should write a great VSSL in like a couple of hours." Um, now, you know, I mean, like I put here, I could write two to four high quality VSSLs in a single day. Um, if you're starting out, it might take you longer, but like definitely no more than 5 days. And even though the idea of writing in a week when I did RBC1 and 5 days is kind of a week now, but the amount of time you spend will be you'll spend way less hours doing it because it's really more about thinking than it is with writing the whole copy thinker versus copywriter, right? And that's just VSSL's but the same prospect or process the same I guess acceleration. Sorry, I can't talk. Apparently applies to every other aspect of capane 2. This is a huge part of RBC2. Like it's really not RBC1. People were like, "Oh, it's really about VSSLs." RBC2 is not really about VSSLs. It's about there's a lot of video stuff, video ads, short ads, meta, all that. But it's really about the whole holistic marketing journey for direct to consumer utilizing direct response copyright elements and other direct response marketing elements. And so you can see how to use these different quad uh you know tools to just I mean I put 5 to 10 avatars. You could do like 100 avatar in a day honestly. 20 to 40 good ads in a single day. Hundreds of promising angles and hooks. Um I can play an upsell in about an hour. I mean more like 15 minutes once you know the process 5 minutes you'll see because I wrote this before I even created RBC. I made my processes even better while doing RBC too. Um you know email sequences in an hour. Same thing. I mean honestly like it's like it's really like like 10 minutes. I I promise you. Um I guess if you include like editing, changing stuff, like whatever. Okay, maybe it's an hour, but you'll get great really basically better than what 99% of people are going to write in like 10 minutes, 5 minutes once you use these cloud projects and you've done the leg work initial time. all this deep research um especially on uh on on yeah just like actual the research part like the that I talked about in part one um product market awareness competitor research psychoraphics and yeah PDPs as well okay and this is all proven you put put my money uh I'll put my money where my mouth is and like I don't know like put me to the test is what I'm trying to say you'll go through RBC2 you tell me when you're done through going through this if if it's not the craziest thing you've ever seen. It doesn't completely shift the way you view everything with copyright and marketing. Okay. Um and I put it here that yeah, we're living in this golden age where AI handles most of the heavy lifting. And really, it's about your knowledge, strategic thinking, and confidence as a copyright expert that is a critical differentiating factor. Okay? And so, RBC2, that's what we're going to do. We're going to deconstruct every type of copy you're likely to encounter. Um, no matter you know what your role is, if you're a freelance copywriter, an in-house marketer, an executive, a business owner, you're gonna understand the theory, the structure, structure, structure, all the essential elements, the ability to discern what makes, you know, good copy versus good, mediocre or bad. And again, plenty of examples. Then we'll accelerate with AI. you know, you'll be given these specific processes for just generating endless AI that's uh AI like endless copywriting outputs that are extremely good. You know, often times there basically are a final draft and we show how to think and edit like a top tier copywriter. But what's cool is you'll see is is almost all that editing is the way we're doing RBC2 and you can do it manually as well, okay? But like usually it's telling Quad or whatever LM it is. Hey, this is it's really it's ideas. Hey, this doesn't make sense. You know, we're missing a big idea here. Let's come up some big ideas, some hooks. Okay. Yeah, that's good. Hey, you know, we said this. I think it would be better if we did this. Okay. And so that's like I said, I keep saying it. Copy thinker and not a copywriter. And I know it sounds kind of cheesy, but it really is actually I'm so glad I thought of it while doing these videos this morning because that really is like the crucial difference is it frees you to think. And so thinking is important. I can't stress that enough, right? Like hopefully RBC2 helps you think differently and helps you think like a marketer, like a strategist, like a copy thinker. Okay. If it doesn't, that's kind of problematic. It should, but like that's something you can be doing regardless of this course is like focusing on how to think. And there's good books on it. I can maybe I'll do a a bonus module or something about some books that that that talk to you about thinking. Um, but you're really a thinker, right? And so then we get into the outline which I went through in part, you know, the first intro opening of RBC2. So I'll stop there. Okay. Um, and as I mentioned, we talked about A to B, but then we also have from B to C and D and E and F, right? For upsells, email marketing. How do you get them to buy more? I mean, abandoned cards technically are like they didn't buy the first time, but we get them to buy. But this stuff's getting them to buy more. All that, right? Um, and some different bonuses. And like I said, I'll include more bonuses in uh you know, as we're going. So that's it. Right now, you just went through this part, part one, foundations. Now, we're going to get into deep research and then mechanisms and everything else I talked about in the previous video. So, dive in, get started. I'm here to support, excited to support, and uh LFG, as the kids would say. All right. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bashirmusa1869 [4 likes]: 2nd bot here 😂
  2. @MarlonOfficial2 [3 likes]: Gold. Thanks for the free info!
  3. @AshWaechterREI_Marketing [2 likes]: 30.:29 I doubt he's ever done this. I've been using AI for a while. It's great in a lot of ways, but it's not cranking out 20-40 good ads in a single day or a 7-day email sequence in an hour.
  4. @peacemaker7778 [2 likes]: First comment❤
  5. @jootzman: 💯🤘
  6. @WorkModedtc: toop stephan
  7. @abdellahafif5077: 👍👍
  8. @luiggi9111: Very good video !
  9. @ecom-slatti: what yk about these trenches unc???

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @captainawesomebot1522 [6 likes]: Odin where's your eye patch
  3. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  4. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  5. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  6. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  7. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  8. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  9. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  10. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  11. @urushi9370: 3d!
  12. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  13. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  14. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  15. @adriansthill380: 3D
  16. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  17. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  18. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  19. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻
  20. @joinbluesaturn: Great video, very informative and appreciate the way you walkthrough everything! Do you have any recommendations on a similar strategy to use on Instagram?

- Nick Theriot: "The BIGGEST Facebook Ads Myth in 2025..." | The Direct Response Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome back to the Direct Response podcast. On today's show, we have Nick Theio. Most of you are probably familiar with him. He's a media buyer. Uh he's scaled all kinds of ecom offers. He's been in the game for many years now, and we have the chance to ask him some questions. So, thank you, Nick, for coming on. It's great to have you here. >> Thank you for having me on, Fernando. I'm actually excited for this. Huge fan of direct response, obviously. So, any any opportunity we can speak about some direct response ads, it's like, hey, I'm game. So, I appreciate you having me on. >> For sure. Amazing. So, could you start us off with a quick, you know, background about you? Anything we don't know? >> I mean, there's a lot to know about me, I guess you could say, from just like YouTube and stuff like that. Um, but, you know, for just like the general people, you know, first time hearing about me and everything like that. Uh, my name is Nick Tero. I've been writing ads now for 10 years. I wrote my first ad ever, October of 2015. So, technically it's like nine years. And you know, I'm literally like 14 days away from 10 years in this industry actually writing direct response ads now. But yeah, so dropped out of college, started my first business. When I started my first business, I needed a way to get customers. Found Facebook ads. Then I learned like what you say in those ads actually drive customers to your business. So that's how I discovered like copywriting, direct response advertising. And you know, to be fair, I just found a natural love for it the minute that I uh uh started writing and starting to understand like how to actually convey emotion and you know, talking about a product into an ad and get people to buy. It's just a really cool feeling. Um allows you to be creative, but also to like make money from your creativity and stuff. And then, uh 10 years later now, I've started an agency. Yeah, I've started a YouTube channel teaching everything I know about ads and direct response on that YouTube channel as well. Uh I've done a little over a hundred million dollars in revenue for my clients through direct response advertising and stuff like that just over the last five years. So overall uh it's probably I guess you could say a full full background on me and everything like that. >> Awesome. Well, thank you for that. I appreciate that. So now that we know you know the gist of it, let's dive into direct response. So, for those clients that you're working with, what does the ad format look like on Facebook? Are you running any VSSLs? Is it direct response UGC? What's your go-to? >> I think it's a little bit of everything to be fair. I wouldn't say it's just one and that's because like, you know, diver creative diversity is the biggest one. Um, I think for me my most popular format though is literally just going into like 11 Labs, tossing a script into 11 Labs, getting an AI voice over, getting a bunch of B-roll we have on file and I obviously everything's going to be direct response. You know, I'm not doing any branding plays or anything like that there. So, um, you know, we have a desire, we have an awareness, we have an avatar we want to talk to. Uh, we start off with that and then the whole ads based around that. >> Okay, awesome. And on the funnel side, are you using advertorials, listicles, quizzes? What do you see working the best for D? >> Um, I think listicles are my favorite, uh, just because of how quickly they are to pop out. Um, for the average person, they can crush it with listicles very quickly. uh for advtorials, they're significantly harder to produce and actually like create, but I find those having the largest success when you do hit an avitorial. Uh typically for me like my unaware and problemware markets, I'm doing avitorials. And then for my like solution aware, productware markets, I'm going more listical specifically. And then lastly is I will do uh I like to turn my advertorials into VSSL. Once I find a winning avitorial, uh, VSSLs are typically harder to produce just because like you have to like get an actor and like I don't know, it's just a lot more stuff going on into a 10 to 20 minute long video. Whereas like an avitorial, I can test a lot more of those a lot more efficiently, then take the winning avitorial and just make that my VSSL script. Uh, and I find those work the best right there to like go into VSSLs and stuff. And then lastly, quizzes. Quizzes is something I've actually recently been testing out. I haven't did much of those, but I've recently started testing those. I haven't really had any huge successes with them yet. But they are fun. I do like them. I like them specifically for qualification to where like it makes the product feel a little bit more unique and custom to them if we qualify them based off a couple problems they're having, diagnosing them, and then from there even qualifying them before they buy. They're really fun. So, we haven't had any huge wins though I can really gloat about with those, but I've been having a lot of fun using those. been using Hey Flow to to to create them and we've been we've been enjoying those a lot lately for that. >> Yeah, I've seen the quizzes crush it for supplements for exactly that reason. It feels custom, feels unique to you, less so for the physical product. Um, just to give you a little bit a little bit of a background, our audience is mostly direct response ecom offer owners doing VSSLs and advertorials. So VSSLs anywhere from 5 to 20 minutes to an advertorial funnel. That's what most of these guys are doing. So when it comes to the media buying side, VSSLs are different, right? They're a longer ad. It's it's a different type of traffic. It's a different quality of traffic compared to like a 30 or 60-cond ad. >> How how do you go about that when it comes to media buying? You know, like you're going to take more time to get reliability of the results. Like >> you're going to test more variations. It's a little bit more complex, right? So, could you talk about that a little bit? Media buying the longer ads. >> Um, I mean, are we looking at it from like a like I I think this is also like a misconception as well. is a VSSL for you guys like running traffic to a VSSL landing page or we talking about a VSSL creative? >> We're talking about VSSL creatives. >> Okay, that's the big thing. And that's funny, too, because I I know recently like people been looking at VSSLs as like the actual creative, not come from like the personal branding world, which personal branding world, we're looking at VSSL landing pages. So, not everyone's talking about VSSLs. I'm like, wait, hold up, which one are we talking about here? But as far as like actual VSSLs inside of the campaign itself, I mean, we're not really doing anything different in terms of like how we're testing and stuff due to it taking a lot longer to produce and stuff. Obviously, we want to give it the highest possible chance of performing. So, usually this will come down to like, okay, let's say, you know, we get this 15 20 minute long video created, right? From there, taking that, can we swap out the beginning? you know, what are our macro, like our big control levers of getting that VSSL to work from a media buying perspective. We're just launching in the campaign to be fair. I mean, we're not doing anything special. Uh maybe we'll put like a little bit higher of like a minimum spin on that particular adsets where like Facebook prioritizes it at the end of the day to get some spin and everything. Um but for the most part, a lot of it's going to be back down to the creative side of okay, hey, we tested this VSSL, it didn't perform, you know, it had a really high cost per click. it uh barely gets any spin and stuff like that. Uh has a really low watch rate and stuff. What can we do first? Starting off with that beginning part right there, the hook. Uh reworking that uh from a visual side and a textual side. Um and then the lead as well, just that first like 30 60 seconds of that video right there. Can we rework that to where it really pulls people in a little bit better? Um then from there we'll just kind of test other versions right there of just like at like this particular moment right here this doesn't quickly align. Um but usually those are more like specific to like certain creatives where we actually identify a problem in the video that we're running. >> Got it. And to circle back we we did mention misconceptions but could you go deeper into some I'm sure you see you know a lot of misconceptions that you can identify. Could you enlighten us a little bit >> like in terms of like VSSL >> media buying misconceptions? Oh, media buying misconception. I made a post about that today on Twitter because the major first misconception a lot of people think is that they think that, oh, if I want to spend more on Facebook, I need like a really complex ad account. I need dozens of campaigns. I need to be doing cost caps. I need to be doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I need to be doing bid caps. Like, I need to be doing it all to like spend. And like for us, you know, we're spending 300 400k a month inside of a Facebook ad account. And like we're literally running one campaign per product category. We're keeping it extremely simple. We're spending 5 10 minutes a day inside the ad account. Whereas like people think you need to be spending all day inside of the ad account just tweaking out over all the little settings and stuff. And I I say that from experience because I used to do the same and I used to do the same and I got very very poor results until I shifted over to like just focusing all on like direct response principles and stuff of the ads, the landing page, the offer and optimization of the AOV. So I think misconception one is just time in the ad count and what they need to focus on. Uh misconception number two is that Facebook is against us. Uh, I've seen so many people talk about that where it's like, you know, Facebook doesn't want to make us money because, you know, they wanna they want to have all the money. Um, if they see us winning, they're going to charge us more and like all of that stuff. And I'm like, that's completely false. Like, Facebook knows you're going to spend more money if you're profitable. So, they're going to do everything in their power to help you become profitable and make you more money, but they can only do so much with the assets you give it. And those assets are your creatives, your landing page, your product itself. And if you're giving it bad assets, like they still have to make sure that customers log onto their platform every day. And those customers are not advertisers. Those are people that actually scroll the platform on the Facebook feed. And if we're pissing those people off, we won't even have an audience to run ads to. So they have to protect their platform. So that's why when you give it bad ads, scammy looking Facebook uh landing pages, when you give it scammy products and stuff like that, that's why they demote you with higher CPM and stuff. So I think the first one is Facebook's not out there against you. Facebook wants to work with you. And then from there, from like the last misconception, I think it just kind of goes back down to like what we talked about earlier on control and stuff. For us, we keep it super simple. We give Facebook all the control. All we do is just change the budget and change the creatives. And then that way for us it's the creative and the landing page creates the audience. So Facebook actually goes through that whole creative to understand who you're targeting. It also goes one layer deep into the landing page you're sending traffic to to help out with targeting and optimization and stuff. So if we can give again Facebook better assets, it can help us out a lot with improving performance. Um, and I would say those are probably like the three biggest misconceptions right now that I would say like people that are like spending $500 to $1,000 a day. Usually those people are ones that like overcome this and then you know scale further. But there's even been accounts that 5 10k a day of spend that they still have these misconceptions and when we fix those in those accounts then it's like oh shoot now we're spending 25 30 40k a day in ad spin because we've swapped around those misconceptions right there. So, it's really just simplify and focus everything on the creative. >> Absolutely. Absolutely. >> It seems like that's been the advice for a long time, but everyone just doesn't want to believe it. >> And and the cool thing is like Facebook's forcing people to do it now. >> We've seen this with Advantage Plus campaigns and Advantage Plus targeting and all that. Like Facebook is literally like shifting everything around to, hey, you only need this one campaign and you fill it up with good creative and that's it. And I guess it's just because it's so simple. people do not want to listen to it. And then also too, it's that good creative is such a perspectivedriven comment that there's no definition of good creative. And every person you talk to is going to have a different perspective on what good creative is. I mean, for me, it's like you're going out there, you're doing the research, you're building out specific creatives to reach these people that we just did research on, build a hypothesis on how this creative is going to effectively target and talk to them. uh overcoming all their beliefs and things they leverage to buy and then being able to put all that in a anywhere between a static ad to a 20-minute long VSSL depending on what level of awareness you're targeting. And then that's a good creative right there. Um and that's going to be different again from a perspective of like anyone you talk to. >> Right. Of course. Okay. Thank you. And then when it comes to testing these ads, what are like some of the biggest bottlenecks that you see repeatedly? the biggest patterns that these ad accounts have where the ads are just stalling or they're not scaling. >> I think a big one people don't look at is frequency. A lot of the accounts that we take over that are at a plateau or a lot of my student accounts and stuff and they're kind of stuck at a certain level of ad spend and everything like that and they're testing new creatives but they're not getting anywhere. It's usually when I go look at their top two or three highest spending ads and their frequency on a 7-day window is really high, like 1.5, 1.6, maybe even 1.8. And for me, that's how I look at like ad fatigue in a way. And it's not necessarily ad fatigue. It's more of, hey, we're hitting a ceiling. So to blow beyond that ceiling, we need to create ads that can spend more than these ads, but with a lower frequency. And this is all always going to come down to creating creatives that reach a substantially larger group of people right there. Now, sometimes this may be completely changing the avatar and other times might just be how we're communicating to this particular avatar. Sometimes you have the right avatar, but you're just communicating to this particular avatar in a really bad way to where you're only appealing to like a 10% of that avatar, right? So, there's been times where it's just a simple change like that. There's been other times where like we're going after an avatar and we're only using like UGC videos and we never tried any other type of creative and then we go and try like a completely different creative type like maybe a photo ad with an avitorial and that performs 100 times better than the UGC. Uh so sometimes just changing the creative type plays an impact on that. um we may be communicating to the wrong particular desire where like we may be going after something that's not urgent at all or not relevant at all and then we change that desire to something that's more relevant people are actually going through right now. Uh so usually with those plateaus and stuff it's understanding number one the frequency side are we doing really good on the frequency side to the point where maybe we are maybe we have like a 1.02 frequency last 7 days on my highest spending ads. Uh literally one of my students yesterday I was hopped on a call with them like they're spending $30,000 uh I think it's like 30 grand 30 40 grand a week they're spending so decent amount of money on ads and like literally all their ads have like a 1.05 frequency which is amazing. It's really good. It means it's appealing to majority new every week. But they had no lowerfunnel ads. So all of their ads were unaware ads but no lowerfunnel ads. So I was like, "Hey, if we want to bring down cost per purchase, we're funneling in tons of people and traffic into this business." So now we need to complete the other half of that sales cycle. Because as you start to spend more, you start going past uh it's the adoption curve where like 1% of people are like ready to take action now. Then like 2 and a half% are a little bit more skeptical, but they take action. They just need a little bit more convincing. Then like it just keeps going up right there. So, as we start to spend more, we also get to more skeptical people to where we have to do a little bit more convincing and selling power. And that's where beefing up that lower funnel, more product aware, aware ads and stuff like that, answering objections, questions, uh, testimonials, case studies, and stuff like that actually helps us lower cost per acquisition entirely for the ad account to where then we can actually go and spend even more now because now we have uh, what I call we patch the holes in the bucket with no lowerfunnel ads and all top offunnel uh, ads. We we have a lot of holes in our bucket and all that water is just flowing right through the bucket. >> That makes a lot of sense and that's I think super common that people really dial in the cold traffic >> which is the hardest part but then they don't have anything below. You already kind of answered this but like how would you recommend someone approach building out that bottom part of the funnel and would you say to keep everything in the same campaign because you talked about that simplicity and then it's just the creative that's doing the retargeting. >> Yeah, so we keep everything the same campaign. We don't build out like different campaigns for retargeting or anything like that. Um, we don't even touch on like retargeting audiences in like the fashion of like website visitors last 7 days, website visitors, um, or add to cart, stuff like that. Like we literally still target the same just advantage plus audience and let Facebook do the work and stuff. Anytime we're working on an ad account or like new students coming out program and stuff, I always make sure we start off with closest to the money, which is going to be like your aware ads, which is just like literally take whatever offer you have now, slap it on a creative, and let it run. We're not really doing anything crazy selling power or anything like that. It's just aware. Boom. Here's our offer. Boom. Then we'll like go up into like the product aware stage, create all the ads for that stage. Then go to solution aware, create all the ads for that stage. Problem aware, unaware. And I found that's always worked the best because we're it's like building a house, you know, you build the foundation, you work your way up. So if we only start with cold traffic, then when we crack it, we have that leaky bucket right there. So for us, we just start off with a lower funnel, work our way up. I technically do a new ad concept or uh a new ad set for every ad concept I launch. Um, and an ad concept is just like a desire, awareness, sophistication, um, avatar, and either photo or video all kind of put together. And then that either makes my video or makes my photo. And I just do like one of those per adset. So I'll just launch a new adset in that CBO campaign, launch my three ads for that ad concept in that ads set, and then I'll just keep doing that. So like there's some accounts now that we've been running for the last 3 4 years where we have over 300 adsets in the CBO campaign, but only like probably 15, maybe 20 or on depending on how much we're spending for that particular client. >> And do you ever go more than three variations or ads inside one of those adsets or do you keep it small? >> Yeah, that's a really good question right there. So what I like to do is I follow the uh 8020 rule in the sense of like I'm 20% of the ads I'm testing or new messaging where I go after a new desire, a new awareness level, new sophistication level, new avatar, and then 80% of my ads I'm testing are going to be iterations or variations of an existing winning ad right there. Uh cuz at the end of the day, it's like I just want to repeat successful actions just to keep making me like more money at the end of the day. Um, so when I'm looking at it from a new messaging perspective, I'm only creating three ads for that ad concept. Uh, so if I sit down and write a script, um, it's going to be the same script in all three of those ads for that ad concept, but I'll just change the visual hook for each one. That's it. >> Now, let's say I have a winning script and uh, we know for a fact this took overall spin. It's crushing. It's helping us, you know, succeed on our our advertising goals and stuff. I will literally go and create like six to 12 versions of that exact same video with the exact same script and just change the visuals in it. That's it. >> And like literally just doing that every week. I found so many winners just by literally changing the videos. And there's there's a psychological component to it when working with video editors because you're forcing them to go recreate the same script each week. And each week their ads get better because it's like you're forcing them to get more creative every time because they don't want to keep being repetitive. It's uh literally the same uh metaphor like in copywriting books where you're like write three pages of headlines, throw the first two pages of headlines away. Now that third page is the one with your winning one because the more you do it of that same thing, the better the output gets. So yeah, so in those those other ad sets with like iterations and variations, it'll be anywhere between one creative or 50 creatives. It just depends on like how many iterations and variations we want to do of a particular concept itself. Got it. Understood. >> And what let's talk about AI a little bit. What is your you know what how are you using it right now on the creative side? >> So I don't really do too much in terms of like the actual like me sitting there in nano. I know nano banana nano banana has been really popular this week as of September 2025. So I don't really do much because I I work with a lot of video editors, a lot of graphic designers. So, I'm only really focusing on the aspect of the actual script writing process um and like landing page uh writing process. Yeah. Now, as far as like my video editors and like the actual creative side of AI, I have one rule which is it shouldn't look like AI. >> That's it. And I think a lot of people like I I get questions like this all the time. Hey Nick, can I do well with AI creatives? I'm like if it looks like it's AI, no, you will not do well at all. But if you can actually put something together that doesn't look AI at all, then yes, you'll crush it as long as you have everything else under foundation like research and stuff right now. As far the actual script writing process itself, I find that this is where like a lot of people go wrong because they'll look at like chatbt at a beginner level, which is just like, hey, write me an ad script. Uh, here's my product. Write me an ad script. And like to be fair, it's gotten a lot better over the years, but I find with that is that it it leaves basically endless possibilities where chat GBT can go and everything. And my goal is that I want to continuously narrow down chat GBT of where it can go to focus on a higher quality output now because it can only go within this little box I constrain it to and stuff. So like for me, I want to do all the manual research. I do not like letting chat PT do the research for me unless it's like me just asking chatt a question like what's the symptoms of high blood pressure right um but I don't want to like give it the idea of like hey go research 50 products for me and tell me the the you know negative stars on each one because it's just not going to have the same understanding of like what I'm going for and stuff. So all the research I'm doing for myself um and then generally what will happen is kind of like two things will happen. Number one, I start sprouting ad ideas as I'm doing that research and I'll just do the rough draft for those ad ideas. Um those rough drafts may be full on uh start to finish. Some of them might just be like five words >> and then I'll take that rough drafts, give it to ChatBT with my research and have ChatBT finish those rough drafts for me. Um, and that works really well because a lot of the time as a writer, you're kind of spending is thinking on how to put things together. And the cool thing about chat GPT is that it allows you to almost outsource that in a way to like, hey, you go do the logical connections for me and I'm just more copying for you. Then you have the other area which is like I have no clue what to write. Um I have no ideas or anything. I'm working with a complex product. So I'll give Chhat GBT all the relevant information I have. And then I basically just be like, "Hey, like look, give me 10 ad angles, right? Here's my product. Here's my research. Give me 10 ad angles and like list them uh from most likely to convert versus least likely to convert. Uh and you can only use these two documents. You can't use anything else." Uh, and usually that'll give me some pretty good outputs when I'm like in a, you know, just kind of roadblock. Um, which is not often, but it does happen, especially writing things for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. >> Um, >> but you prefer to use it >> you you prefer to use use it as like kind of the manual worker and you're the strategist and copy chief. >> Correct. Yeah. I find that's the best way to use AI. And then also too, don't forget like if you have the ad idea and you know exactly what you wanted to write, like literally just sit down and write that ad idea real quick if you know exactly what you want to write. I've seen so many people like get fed up with chat. I'm like why? Like I want chat GPT to say this but it's not. I'm like well tell it like literally give it the ad idea you want and then let it go down that path. >> Yeah. >> Awesome. Awesome. Now one thing you mentioned before that I do want to circle back to is AOV. So that's, you know, as we all know, it's a huge aspect of every part of the funnel, including media buying. The bigger your AOV, >> the better you can uh the more you can spend in the auction. What are some things you're doing to boost that AOV? What are some tactics? So, I I feel like everyone's already doing the quantity like discounts and stuff, you know, buy one, buy two, get one free, buy three, get two free. So, like, yeah, like those are good. Um, where I find a lot of people are stuck at is that like they don't go out there and actually add more products to their website. They're solely reliant on, hey, I I sell this one thing which is potty training diapers and they just keep trying to upsell people more on potty training diapers. It's like, yeah, that works once. That's why you have the bundle and save option on your site. But like, if you want to effectively upsell people more things, look at brands like Ridge. Ridge does a really good job. They just constantly keep hitting you with all these interesting gadgets as you're like already buying the wallet or like AG1 where like you know you buy the powder by itself or you buy the powder on subscribe and save and then you get like five other things that are completely different. They don't just try to upsell you on more powder. >> Um so I always like to look at like the post-purchase upsells. Um, obviously you have like incart upsells into and incart upselles are going to be like when I go to like Apple for example and buy like an iPhone and get like other products specifically for my iPhone. But when I'm looking at post-purchase and like using like afterell for example, I always like to do two things. I like to have a upsell and a downell. So, like if I'm selling potty training diapers, for example, then it's like, okay, I know people want like they desire a kid that's, you know, they're fully potty trained, you know, they don't have to deal with this anymore and they just want like a one solution that just ends it all as fast as possible. So, it's like for me, I sold them the diapers. Then the next thing I want to look at here is what are other products that are completely different than my diapers that they can use in conjunction with my diapers to make potty training possible not to fail. So it's like okay maybe I'll get them like the potty training toilet seat potty training alarm to like alarm the kids to go use the restroom and stuff. Maybe I'll give them like a uh a booklet too of like a training protocol for a couple of days they have to follow and everything like that. Um I may give them like I don't know maybe some type of like potty training bed sheets, right? >> So it's like I'm giving them a couple different products to make a bundle and the bundle will typically be two times higher than what my current AOV is. So if my AOV is roughly around $50, I'll make this bundle at $100 worth like $300. If they decline that bundle, then the downell will just be one of those products from that bundle. So like, hey, if you decline that bundle, then you just get the training b uh training booklet for 50% of the AOV. So they have a 2x AOV, then a 50% of the AOV. Um, and that's given us some really good take rates. Uh, just using after sale, uh, I think it's by like by rocket or something like that. And that's worked really well to increase the OV. And it's also like building out specific scenarios for that customer of what they're trying to achieve and just more products to help them make it impossible like I said just for failure not to happen basically. >> So you prefer the complimentary products really leaning into that. >> Yeah. Building around that. >> Awesome. All right. Well Nick thank you so much for your time. We went pretty deep. We covered you know everything from media buying to AOV. I appreciate it. I think the the audience will appreciate it. Where can people find you? What do you know, how can they get in touch with you? I know you have your YouTube channel, which they probably follow, but what's the best way to get in contact? >> Yeah, easy. Uh, it's just Nick Tero on YouTube. Um, and then Nick Tero on literally like Instagram and Twitter. Uh, I think I'm more responsive on Instagram specifically. I do post a lot on Twitter as well, but I don't really check it much. >> Uh, but yeah, Instagram pretty responsive as well. >> All right, perfect. Thank you. Well, we appreciate it. Take care, Nick. Great to have you on and see you hopefully have you back later on. Awesome.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NickTheriot [8 likes]: Thanks for having me on! Was a fun chat
  2. @heli0_ecom [1 likes]: Love this
  3. @trackingconsulting [1 likes]: Completely agree. Too many advertisers blame the algorithm when the real issue is tracking and creative. Glad you cleared this up.
  4. @LoriGels [1 likes]: Nice Video! How to deal with new add accs for ads? Any Advice or hack/trick?
  5. @emiliotrevino807 [1 likes]: nutsss🚀
  6. @Goldminks: good video, wish it was a bit longer, Fernando bro please get Stefan G on and minimum pod length should be an hour otherwise anything less is a teaser

- Facebook Ads Not Converting? Here's How to Fix it: Kind: captions Language: en if you're trying to generate leads with facebook ads whether it's sending people to a free opt-in like a cheat sheet or a checklist maybe it's to a webinar or even a quiz if you're trying to get people to sign up to an email list from facebook ads and you're getting lots of clicks but not many conversions then this video is going to help you fix that i'm going to walk you through the five main reasons why clicks don't turn into conversions or leads and what you can do to fix it we'll start with the most common problems and then we'll work through to the ones that are less common but still just as capable of completely derailing a conversions campaign so not only will this video be helpful to you right now but it's also a great checklist to work through every time you start a new conversions campaign or a campaign where you want to generate leads and for that reason i've created a downloadable version for you which you can grab in the description below so make sure you go grab that after you watch the video now let's talk about the first reason why clicks might not be turning into conversions and that's because you might have chosen the wrong campaign objective the campaign objective that we choose actually tells facebook what we want to get from our advertising campaign so if you were to for example choose a website traffic campaign then facebook is going to send you website traffic it is not necessarily going to send you conversions so by choosing the traffic objective you tell facebook hey i want people to click my ad and visit my website facebook will then go and show your ad to people that it knows are likely to click it will not show your ad to people who are necessarily likely to convert so by choosing the traffic objective what ends up happening is you get exactly what you've told facebook you want you get traffic you don't get what you really want in this case which is conversions or leads so the way to solve this is simply by choosing the conversions objective when you set up your campaign as soon as you do this if you're running traffic campaigns you are going to notice a big jump in the number of conversions that you are getting from your ads simply because facebook now knows that you actually want conversions and that is what it's going to get for you now that said one thing you're going to notice is your cost per click will increase but your cost per conversion which is the most important metric in this case is going to go down significantly and that is what you want now in order to use a conversions campaign you're going to need to track those conversions and for that you need to make sure that conversion tracking is set up properly and if you're not sending all of that conversion information back to facebook then it's not going to be optimizing your campaigns as well as it otherwise could so this is really important and there are actually four things you need to get right if you want your conversion tracking to be as good as it can possibly be the first thing is probably the one you've heard of and it's the facebook pixel you need to make sure you have the pixel set up on every single page across your website and every page you're running ads to and you need to make sure that you have conversion tracking set up on the pixel as well i prefer to use standard events to do this now everything i'm going through in this video so from mentioning the pixel just now to all of the other things i'm going to mention as we go through some of them are bigger topics like setting conversion tracking up and the pixel and everything else now i'll include links in the description to other videos that go in depth into each of these topics because otherwise this would end up being an hour long video unnecessarily so if you need to go into any of these topics in depth simply go down to the description find the video you need and away you go okay so the next thing after the pixel and your conversion tracking is the conversions api now the conversions api is actually another way to send your conversion events back to facebook so the pixel is one way to send that back but there are some problems with that including things like ad blockers being used in browsers and some cookie tracking being blocked by particular browsers and settings as well so if that pixel gets blocked then the pixel is ineffective the conversions api helps you still send those conversion events back to facebook because it does it via a server instead of via the facebook pixel and facebook actually recommend always using the conversions api alongside the pixel now i recommend it as well so make sure as part number two of conversion tracking you set up the conversions api step number three for your conversion tracking is to make sure you have aggregated event measurement set up or aem basically what that means is for the domain where your conversions are happening you need to go in and prioritize all of your conversion events on that domain so go into aem make sure you've got that all set up and you've got your conversions prioritized from highest all the way down to lowest and then on top of that when you set up your ads make sure you go down to the bottom inside the ad setup and you've chosen the domain where you expect your conversions to occur if you don't do this again it's not going to track your conversions properly so make sure whenever you set up an ad you scroll to the bottom you check that the domain is where the conversions are actually occurring and then the final piece of this conversion tracking puzzle which i know is a mess now with ios 14.5 and the privacy changes but the last bit is to make sure you use offline events so offline events again it's another way of sending conversion events back to facebook so there are a few ways to set up offline events my preferred way is through zapier or zapier i never know how to say that but setting that up gives you another way to push that conversion data back to facebook so moving on to number three which is a lack of congruence between your ad and your landing page basically what it means is your ad and your landing page don't actually match and that could be either the copy so what you're saying in the ad doesn't match what it says on the landing page it could be the look and feel or the design of the adverse the landing page so if the ad has a particular look and a feel let's say it uses a particular color palette particular fonts and particular design style but then the landing page is totally different then that's not congruent either and what happens in that situation is obviously the user sees the ad they click and then they feel like they're in the wrong place because now all of a sudden the whole look and feel in the aesthetic is completely different and you don't want that because what happens then is people simply close that browser window and they move on to the next thing the same happens as i said with the ad copy if they read an ad and it promises them something in particular and then they get to the landing page and what's there doesn't match what was in the ad then of course what are they going to do they're going to close that window move on keep scrolling through facebook you need to make sure that what you're promising and what you're saying you're going to give them or deliver matches what the landing page says they're going to get as well i know it seems pretty obvious but you would be surprised how often i see ads and landing pages that just don't gel in terms of what they're saying in one place versus the other and the other piece of this is that the contents or the expectations set by the ad needs to then be delivered upon on the landing page so here's a quick example let's say you have an ad and the ad says click the link and watch the video for free well when the user reads that the expectation is that they'll click the ad and they'll be able to watch the video whatever video that is immediately but if they get to the landing page and find out that it's a webinar registration page and it actually asks them to enter their name and email and click sign up before they're able to watch the video well that's a mismatch in expectation they thought they were going to click the ad and watch a video but instead they have to click the ad sign up and then watch the video and that mismatch is going to result in most people simply closing that window and leaving you need to make sure that you say in the ad if it's a webinar sign up click here and sign up now or if it's a quiz click here to take the quiz for example so that the expectation matches what's on the landing page speaking of landing pages the fourth reason for getting lots of clicks but not many conversions is poor landing page design and that could be many different factors and depending on all those different factors well that kind of determines how big of an impact the poor design has on your overall conversion rate specifically a few things to really check for number one you need to make sure that the copywriting on your landing page is really good you want short sharp effective copy on that landing page it has to read really well it has to get directly to what it is the user is going to get and it has to have a clear call to action explaining what they need to do in order to get that thing if you can't do a good job of explaining to the user what the benefit is to them of opting into this thing and what they need to do in order to get the thing then it's going to be hard to convert people the next thing you need to check with your landing page is that it's visually compelling it's not 1993 anymore people have certain expectations on the internet if it looks terrible then people again they're not going to convert so you need to make sure it's visually appealing a couple of quick questions to ask yourself in order to determine what is visually appealing because i know this is subjective but one question to ask is does the design of this page make it easy for the user to read and digest the information that's on there because a pretty design is one thing but a functional design is a whole other kettle of fish and it's actually more important you want a design that looks good but more importantly actually allows for easy readability and easy usability of the page and then secondly is your call to action clear and easy to see you'd be surprised how often i see pages where the call to action button itself is buried away it's hard to see it's difficult to know where to actually click so make sure that is clear and easy as well another thing you should really make sure on these landing pages is your call to action is above the fold meaning people don't have to scroll down to find the button to click to opt into your email list you do not want that buried halfway down your big long landing page you want it right at the top so people can read the headline they read the sub headline the copy is so good that those two things convince them to then click the button that's directly below them and opt in make it easy and the next thing i'll say about your landing page is you really need to make sure that page speed is good so what i like to do is go to gtmetrix.com run the url through that tool and it will give me an analysis of how good my page speed is but even more importantly it will tell me what i need to improve on so will tell me what needs fixing and how to fix that but look at a minimum the best thing you can do is one resize all of your images down to the minimum size that you actually need so if you've got images on your page that are 2000 pixels by 2000 pixels then the browser is going to load those big images and then shrink them down to whatever size it is displaying them as you need to reduce the actual size of the images to the size that they're displayed at which is going to be much much smaller in most cases and then upload them that way because that's going to make the image size much smaller then you need to compress the images so i like to go to a tool called tinypng upload the images it will compress them for you and then take that and upload it to your site just by doing those two things you're going to make your site a lot smaller in terms of size and that's going to make it load faster the third thing you can do to speed up your site is just remove unnecessary content if you've got unnecessary stuff and it's a big long landing page remove it and if you're on wordpress make sure you're using a caching plugin or caching however you decide to say it and a cdn as well because that's going to dramatically improve your page now just on the wordpress topic of conversation there my preferred option is actually to use a dedicated page builder i prefer unbounce because it's just really quick and easy to use and the pages load super fast wordpress because it's such a big platform there's a lot of overhead there their pages tend to load slower than something like unbounce because it's dedicated and it's clean and that's their number one thing they're focused on is good fast landing pages and i'll link to them below in the description if you want to check out unbounce2 and then on the topic of landing pages this one kind of surprises me that i still see it but it does come up surprisingly often and that is landing pages that aren't optimized for mobile devices so because you're advertising on facebook and or instagram most of the users there are accessing the platform via mobile the vast majority in fact so if you're running ads on facebook or instagram most of the traffic is going to be coming from mobile devices and what that means is from a landing page perspective you should be designing your landing page for mobile first but most people still design for desktop and they make sure their landing page looks really pretty on a desktop and then the mobile side of things is kind of secondary and they don't really pay much attention to it it should be the opposite and so the way to cater for mobile first is one make sure that at a minimum when somebody loads your page on a mobile device they can see the headline and the sub headline right there very clearly they're not wrapped awkwardly or they're not cut off and then they've got the call to action button right there above the fold that is really really important another thing that you really should check is that when people click that button and the pop-up appears to enter their name and email that that pop-up actually looks great on the mobile device it's not cut off it's not running over the edge they don't have to scroll across to read it all that is surprisingly common and you need to make sure that that works correctly and i just went over this so i won't dive into it in detail again but of course being on a mobile device people could be out and about not on wifi so those fast loading pages are really important here as well now i know i've been talking about landing pages a lot because they are a massive component of this and if you want to learn more about how to put together a great landing page including the copy and everything i've got a video right here you can check out that will show you how to put together a really good high converting landing page so make sure you check that one out next thanks for watching i'll see you next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @NomadMaverickHQ [4 likes]: Lots of clicks but no conversion 😂😂 nowadays I WISH this is my problem. Suddenly and out of the blue, my ads are only showing to ghosts. No likes, no post saves, no single indication that my ads are appearing to people; just the impressions and amount spend go up. I think, I think my whole business manager is infected by some issue.
  2. @mehdiwadoud8098 [3 likes]: The problem is that there are 10000000 if advertisers advertising for the same product within the same audience and facebook consume all thir budget for the same total number of conversion
  3. @realplasticmodeller [1 likes]: "Whoops! I can't find the page you are looking for, but let me make a couple of suggestions:" - That's what it says when you follow the link from the video.
  4. @mojtbashirzad57: Hello, I hope you are doing well.
When I sponsor my Facebook page I choose get more message but instead of that in my ad link click become active I don't know what to do please guide me.
Sincerely
  5. @smiless101: I put 200  in 15 days as a full budget and the ad status is active and I am withdrawing a lot of money, but there is no interaction and no messages are coming at all. Only 1 to 2 messages come some days . What is the problem then?!!! I need help urgent
  6. @smiless101: Its all ment for E-commerce marketing not messaging campaigns or calls
  7. @shok475we7: Nice
  8. @Hoyam-o3h: Hi my camping is conversion upcoming .what must do next can you please tell me
  9. @Farhan921: I have 1 conversation but no order showing in the website why please help me
  10. @smiless101: Can I use sales obj but turning customers to whatsup messages instead of website ?? Plz answer fast as you could I need info
  11. @MrEagle2050: I chose conversion, but Facebook sent me traffic 😑 i didn't get anything from my campaign
  12. @hananeben7575: How can si contact you please
  13. @conradkeeton4407: I’m not sure what happened. It could be something I did when downloading meta pixel thru my Shopify. I’m getting ready, and clicks. But my conversions always say 0… what is the reasoning?
  14. @elishap1536: Is all the pixel techniques here and there that you teach us in first half of the video is guaranteed to make people by for us thou?
  15. @EvanGutierrez-dt3hk: I never know how to say zapier either 😂
  16. @issammabchour5952: Bro , people need the fix not ur face , all guys here watch only 3 sec in ur video
  17. @boltprotocol: The ad I did was supposed to bring them to whatsapp ....how come they clicked the link and still didn't reach my WhatsApp
  18. @officiel-musik-cas: The list is not available for DL anymore? Is that because of the changes in AEM?
  19. @garrysingh8387: 😢 i spend $500 on ads and get $100 revenue 

Yes drop shipping works 😂
  20. @blackcattsound: Cool but then the “listen now” tab goes away

- Why Is My Facebook Ads Not Converting? Here's How to Fix It in 2026.: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you exactly why your Facebook advert is not converting and then I will show you everything you need to do to fix that problem. I have divided this video into five different sections and when we proceed, you are going to see a lot of reasons your Facebook advert is not working. You know, you have been spending a lot of money on Facebook ad and for some reasons you don't just know why it's not working. You keep asking yourself, is there something I'm doing wrong? I want to show you every single reason in this video and I will go ahead and also show you the solution to that problem. So let's get started. Make sure you watch this video till the end because this video is going to help you get better result with your Facebook ad. Especially if you have been burning a lot of money on Facebook advert and is not working, you don't want to skip this video for any reason. Okay, let's get started into it. Now I'm going to show you every single reason your Facebook ad is not converting. I will show you the exact fix for each problem and I'll show you real examples also how to audit your own campaign and find the leak immediately and lastly how you can set up your advert the right way from the beginning. So let's get started. One of the reason most Facebook advertiser lose money is not because Facebook ad don't work. Obviously Facebook advert works. I mean if you into real estate, if you are into e-commerce, if you're into digital marketing, if you are selling fashion, anything you are selling at all, you can almost see the people in your niche that are doing far better than you. But the problem now is not that Facebook advert is not working because if Facebook advert do not work, those your competitor that are making so much sales will not be able to do that for themsel. The only problem is that you don't know how to do it the right way. You are doing it absolutely the wrong way and that is why it is not working for you. So the Facebook advert is definitely working. Okay, let's get to the first session which is the offer the messaging problem. I like to start with the offer because if I could tell you the most important thing in your Facebook advert, it is your offer. I know you have heard it a lot of time but I want to break it down. Okay. Even if you don't know how to do copyrightiting, even if your copy is not persuasive, as long as that offer is good enough, I guarantee you are going to start making sale. So it doesn't really matter if your copy is so persuasive or not. In fact, one of the best copyriters said that a great offer with a weak copy is going to sell, but a weak offer with a great copy will never sell. Let me repeat it again. It means that if you have a solid offer and your copy is not so good enough, your offer will still sell because it is the offer that is selling is not actually the copy. But on the opposite, if you have a weak offer and you craft all the best copy in the world, that offer will still not sell because the offer is not good enough. So if that is the case, it means that if I can tell you the very first place to focus and make sure you get it right when it comes to Facebook advert, it is your offer. All right. One of the problem people have with offer is that they think oh my offer is good enough. Now can't you see I have been selling this product people have been buying. Well you say you have been selling the product and for the past 30 days you have not broken even. you've not crossed 100 sales and you still think that oh it is your your product is so good. If it is so good, why are you not doing thousands of sale in a month? All right, so please calm down and follow me. I'm going to show you exactly what to do so that you can start getting better results. Number one problem in this section is this. Your ad is talking about your product, your product features instead of the transformation. Listen, people don't buy product anymore. People buy outcome. For example, if I'm selling my Facebook ad course, people are not actually buying a Facebook ad course. Do you know what they are buying? They are buying solution to their low income problem. They are buying solution to be able to take care of their families. They are buying outcomes to be able to have money to buy all the good things in life, you know, money, house, cars, take take care of their partners, take care of their parents. These are the things they are buying. And when you are speaking this language, you are automatically connecting with them. You are selling the outcome. You are not selling the product. Okay? So if your adverts keep talking, for example, if I'm selling a blender, you keep talking that oh this blender was made with so so product which makes it durable and all of that, you are still selling futures. I used to do that when I started internet marketing the first time. But you are still selling futures. Do you know what you should be talking about? With this blender, you'll be able to blend your pepper, blend your crayfish, blend your most of your ingredients in less than 5 minutes. So that you don't have to spend time preparing them and all of that. This is now me selling outcome. If you are selling power bank, you don't have to say, oh, this power bank is 20,000 mAh and all of that and all of that. No, you are selling futures. If you want to sell outcome, this power bank is going to help you charge your phone five to six times without running down, which means it's going to help you stay active and make sure your phone does not go off. What am I doing now? I am selling the outcome of using that product. So if you can start selling outcome instead of product futures, I guarantee you is one of the things that you are going to do to start getting better results for yourself. You don't need to sell about futures. In fact, after this video, I want you to go to ch type whatever you are selling, right? Tell it, oh this is my product. what is how can I sell it if I'm talking about product features versus if I'm selling the product outcome or the product results if you don't have to even do it yourself just do this I told you and Chip will give you the result I'm going to put um the the prompt in the description so look at the description you're going to see prompt on how you can convert your product into transformation instead of selling product features Okay, the second problem here, one of the reason your advert is not converting is that your headline is weak. It doesn't stop the scroll. You have less than 2 seconds to grab attention before somebody swipe your ad. In case you don't know what a headline is, if you're running advert, a headline can be the very one line sentence you put after your your creative. It can also be the first line that you put in your ad copy because some people look at your ad copy also before they even look at your creative. So your headline have to grab attention and we have a lot of templates in fact so many templates that you can easily follow to create a grabbing attention headline. What I'm going to do is I'm going to put at least three of them in the description. Please check the description. You're going to see maybe some of the headline there. See your headline, it is like a hook in your video. It is like a hook in your video. So you have to spend time and create that headline and thankfully you don't even have to take a long more time because there is a template you need simply need to fill in the blank and you will be good to go. So please don't don't say uh my headline does not matter. You have to take out your type and craft a very compelling headline. It is very very important. Okay. So the next one here is that your offer is not compelling enough. Please hear me out. Your offer is not compelling enough. People see your ad, they read it and they feel nothing. There is no agency, no clear value, no reason to act now. and you want people to take you up on your offer. How does that work? Your offer has to be compelling enough. How do you make your offer compelling? Well, first of all, you I I don't sell anything in Nigeria now without bonus most of the time except if I'm not maybe free to add something. If it if I'm selling a digital product, I have to add something. Maybe a checklist, maybe a template, maybe a swifi, maybe like for instance, now I just told you I'm going to drop some headline templates. That is a bonus. I can compile 50 different headline templates and give it out as a bonus. If I'm selling a program and say, I'm giving this for free when you get this. That thing alone immediately makes your offer better than it was. Then of course, you need to have urgency. Why are you asking me to take action now? Is there a reason? Is the offer going to increase? Is the offer ending? You know, is the price increasing? What is the reason? Are you removing the bonus after five people pay? You have to give me a reason because if there is no reason, I am not going to get it now. I am going to start procrastinating. Oh, I'll get it later. I'll get it tomorrow. Oh, next tomorrow I will get it. But if I have a reason, trust me, that reason is going to convert so many people. If 1,000 people see your advert, at least five to 10 people will convert because of that agency that you gave in that ad. This thing works. It keeps working. It worked 100 years ago and is still going to work right now. All right. So, the next one here is you are selling to cold traffic the same way you sell to warm traffic. This is a very serious problem. Listen to me. People who have never heard of you before, they need more proof. They need more trust and they need more content before they buy from you because they are cod audience. They are strangers. They don't know you from anywhere. You don't just push offer to them. In fact, even if you are pushing offer to them, that offer need to contain a lot of proof, social proof. You need to build more trust. You don't use the same content you use to sell to warm traffic to sell to cold traffic. That's one of the most common mistakes that advertisers make in Nigeria. You don't do that. It will not convert the same way because warm traffic I've known you, cold traffic I've never heard of you before. In fact, that's one of the reason one of my mentors said that there is something called ominresent campaign. Omnipresent campaign is a type of Facebook ad campaign where the purpose of this ad is to create lot of valuable advert to show to your target audience. They will see it over and over again, get value from it before you now create the one that is going to sell to them. Now hear me out. This is important. However, note that if you are doing this, you have to make sure that you protect your ad account and make sure that they don't ban you because if your ad account get banned, if you are doing this for a long time, you are going to really lose all the data that you have gathered. But if your ad account does not get banned, it is one of the best type of adverts because instead of selling to code audience the first time, you are taking your time and maybe you create a valuable post and you push it to them. If at some time there was a time I posted a video on Facebook that video got a lot of views. What I did is that I set up my advert with that video because I knew that if a lot of people got value with it organically most people are still going to get value to it when I push it to them. So I created a Facebook advert with that video. I ran the advert and a lot of people were seeing it. A lot of people were commenting, "Oh, thank you so much. This video was helpful. This will really help me set up my advert and all of that." people were getting value and that was the goal of that video. So after some time maybe like one month I set up another kind of advert that was selling directly and then do you know the only people I I targeted only those who have seen the valuable video. Trust me, the kind of result I got with that advert, I was shocked. And that was when I understood that, oh, if I sold to a stranger, the response would not have been the same. But because I took my time, yes, of course, it takes time. It takes money, but if you do it well, you are going to get back the money. So, I took my time. I set up a valuable post that is a valuable video. And I push it out to strangers. I I didn't sell anything to them. I was just giving value. Here are seven Facebook ad laws that you must follow if you want to get result. That was the title of the video. People were getting results, enjoying the video. 7 minutes video and people were watching it to the end because it was really valuable. Okay. So, if you can, this is one of the type especially if you're into information marketing, you know, you're selling a a digital product, you need to do this. If you don't build that trust, it's going to be hard for you. Except if you have a lot of followers, if you have built a lot of personal brand that many people have known your brand organically, well, you might want to not go this way. But even at that, if you still want to build a lot more value, you can still go this way. All right? So, please um don't sell to cold traffic the same way you sell to warm traffic because it is going to make you not get results with your Facebook ad. The next one here which is session two is the audience targeting problems. Okay. When it comes to audience targeting problem, you simply talk about the mistake people are making when they are targeting their audience. You know targeting audience does not just mean interest based targeting. It contains the age, the gender, the interest, the placement and all of that. So problem you're targeting too broad an audience. You think a bigger audience means more lead, but Facebook waste most of your budget showing your advert to people who will never buy from you. So for example, I see some people they are targeting worldwide if you if they are running advert. I know you want to reach different countries, but can't you just be targeting it country by country? Why are you targeting worldwide? And if you know that you are selling a product that you can only deliver to one state, why are you targeting the entire country? That is you wasting your money. The only time you target the entire country is when you have the capacity to deliver to the entire state or when you are selling a digital product or digital service that of course you can always deliver to anybody even outside the country. Okay. Now this is one problem. Pay attention. The second one, you are targeting too narrow an audience. Facebook algorithm needs enough people to find patterns and optimize your campaign. A tiny audience starves the algorithm. You see the first one was you're targeting too broad and the second one now is you are targeting too narrow. So you have to find a balance. You don't target too broad and you also don't target too narrow. It is very important. Why did I say this? Most time when I launch my advert, I try to make sure that my estimated audience size is from 2 million and above. Now hear me out. You might say, "Ah, 2 million is too much." It is not. Facebook actually need enough data to be able to optimize your campaign. But I'm not saying that because they need enough data, you now go and target 50 million people, you know, and you are spending maybe 3,000 naira per day. How do you expect 3,000 naira to start reaching 50 million people? It will take ages before it it happens. All right. So a tiny audience also stop their go. I see people they are trying to be so strict by the end of the day that are only reaching 100,000 people. Well that advert might not do well though because even if it does well it will just die in less than one week because the audience is too narrow. And who told you that inside that 100,000 people even up to 3,000 people is interested in what you're selling? Those 100,000 people are just estimated audience. They are not the exact people that interested in what you are selling. I hope you understand the word estimate. Okay. The next one here is you have never tested lookalike audience. Most advertisers they use interest targeting which is expensive and unpredictable compared to lookalike. Listen, I have tested lookalike audience and I have tested interest based targeting. All I can say is this. Both of them works. However, with interest based targeting, you are still guessing. You are guessing. Oh, this people is interested here. So, I'm going to target. But with lookalike audience, you are somehow not guessing because what you are doing is this. Oh, 3,000 people have feed in my form on my instant form. I want to create a lookalike audience of those 3,000 people. Let me explain it now. Lookalike means those 3,000 people that fill in instance form, Facebook is going to look at their behaviors, you know, the kind of things they they the way they behave on Facebook, the videos they watch, the interest keyword they are following and all of that. And Facebook is going to go to find people who look like them. Please hear me out. People who look like those who have given you their detail as a lead is more important than interest base. They are more targeted than interest base. Let me put it that way. Because Facebook is not going to find random people. They only going to find people who look like those people that have given you their their contact detail. Which means if you target the lookalike audience, you are more liable to get results than interest based targeting. The problem is that most people don't know how to use lookalike audience. In fact, watch the video in the description. I I broke it down how to use lookalike audience and then most people create it on time. Listen, lookalike audience need enough data. For example, there was one of my video that gathered 1 million views like 1 million views. And I was like, "Oh my goodness, this video have done so well." I went and created lookalike audience. that look like a codance I used it for at least two months pulling results pulling results pulling results the kind of result I have not gotten with interest based targeting why because 1 million views was a very very big data now I'm not saying your video must reach 1 million view I'm only saying that the more data it have gathered the stronger the local is going to give you this is just my own observation so you need to start using lookalike audience. See if you have never tried lookalike just try it. What is the worst thing that can happen? It will not work and then you move on. But I even tell you if you create a lookalike audience don't just test it with one advert. Put many many advert because listen it might be possible that the advert you are using to target lookalike audience people are not resonating with it. What if you use your best advert to target those audiences? You see that you start getting results with it. All right. The next one here is you have never you are not retargeting people who visited your page, watched your video, clicked your ad but didn't convert. These are your warmest prospects and you are ignoring them. Now when we talk about warm audience, this is what we mean. These are people who have come across your page. These are people who have come across your brand. They already know who you are. The only problem is that maybe when they were watching the video, they did they couldn't complete it and Facebook maybe push the video out of their news feed. So they don't know how to reach you again. But if you retarget them, you are going to start getting more result. Now if you don't know much about retargeting, please check the video in the description. I have linked the YouTube video I did that break down how to do retargeting at the right way. Who are people you need to retarget? Number one, everybody who have engaged with your page in the last one year, retarget them. Number two, everybody who have watched all your video in the last one year, retarget them. Number three, everybody who have visited your website in the last 180 days, retarget them. Number four, everybody who have maybe opened your form, if you're using instance form, opened your instance form or feed in your instance form, retarget them. This is very very important. I promise you this kind of warm audience is going to give you results if you do it the right way. The problem is that some people do not even know how to create those audiences. These are audiences that you need to create before you now use it. So, Facebook does not automatically create it for you. You need to go to audiences and create it. Now, this video is not to show you how to create it because I have already done a video on that. It will be in the description. You can also go there and watch it. So, start using warm audience. Start using warm audience in your business and you're going to start getting better results for yourself. Session three, the campaign setup problem. The campaign setup problem. When you talk about campaign setup, we're talking about the different ways we use to set up our campaigns and the mistakes that most people make. So, I'm going to show you number one, you are using the wrong campaign objective. Most beginners choose traffic or reach because they sound logical. No, I want to send traffic to my landing page. So, I'm going to use traffic. You are you are hurting yourself. This objective optimized for click and impression. In fact, I was on a coaching call with a client in Kenya and when I logged into his Facebook account, I saw that he was using traffic to run advert to a website that he was expecting lead to convert. He was simply burning money. He got more than 1,000 click and nobody have opt in. He's now shivering. How can 1,000 people click my advert and nobody is opting in in the back end? That was when he contacted me and I reached out to him. I saw that he was using traffic and that was the simple problem. You don't use traffic when you're expecting lead. The only time I recommend you use traffic is if you're a blogger and you are sending traffic to your website to just go to your website. No, I just want to get a lot of click. So, but if you are optimizing for lead or for sales, please just use lead or sales objective. That is why that objective is there for you. There are six type of objective. There's awareness, there is app promotion, there is lead, there is sales, there's engagement, there is traffic. Just use lead or sales. If you're going for lead or sales, don't use any other objective. If you want engagement, maybe you made a post on Instagram or you made a post on your Facebook page and you want people to engage on that post. So you can easily boost that post using engagement objective and Facebook will do the job of finding people who will like the post, people who will comment on the post, people who will share the post. But that is not going to lead you to start making sales or generating leads. So if you want sales or lead, just go for lead or sales. Another problem is that your budget is too low for Facebook to exist learning phase. Remember that Facebook need at least 50 conversion per week to properly optimize a campaign. 50 conversion per week to properly optimize a campaign. What that means is that if you can do not turn off your advert until it have passed 50 conversion because that is when the learning phase will properly be done. So if your advert is still on learning faith, it is best that you give it time for the advert to actually optimize. That means you need to allow it to gather more conversion because the more conversion you gathers, the more your advert optimize better. It is very important. So don't go and use 1,700 naira or you know very very low budget except you are just very low on budget. You can start with 3,000, 5,000, 10,000 when you are setting up your advert. The next problem is that you editing your ad campaign too often. Every time you change your budget, you change your audience, your creative, you are resetting the learning phase, that's not how it is done. Listen to me. If you set up your advert, give it time. Most time. Don't even go back to it until 24 hours. Just make sure you keep funding the ad. Allow it for 24 hours. After that 24 hours you go back there and you see what the what the advert is performing like don't always be oh you want to login have coming have lead coming what's happening oh come on now you don't do that allow your advers some time to run don't go and be editing your campaign too often every time you're changing your budget oh I think this audience is not working maybe this creative is too boring let me change it now no you are resetting the learning phase Okay. The next problem is that you are running one ad and hoping that it works. Listen to me. Successful advertisers, they test multiple creatives. They test headlines. They test copies and to find out which performs best. Do you know how many advert I have tested this this year alone? We are in March. But if I tell you I've tested more than 500 adverts this year alone, will you believe me? You keep testing. You keep testing different copies. You keep testing different headline. You keep testing different landing pages. You keep testing different videos. And that is why as you are making sale, you have to be removing some portion of your money to put in a separate account. Oh, this account is for testing budget. Every budget, every fund that inside this account, I'm going to use it to test Facebook ad. It is important because it is not always going to be rosy. There are some days you not have money. It is from those budgets that you're going to touch. start pulling it and start testing to get more things that is going to work for you. Now session four which is the creative and copy problems. When you talk about creative I simply referring to the image or the video you are using and then your ad copy problem. Your ad image or video doesn't stop the scroll. People are moving too fast through their feed and the generic stock photo or lowquality image will be completely ignored. I mean gone are the days when you are being advised to go and get a stock image from one of those stock website and just pull it in your Facebook advert. No, gone are the days not on not these days of Andromeda. These days you need to be creative. You need to create something that is natural that is in fact sometimes a video that does not look like an advert tends to convert better because people will naturally think that it's just one of those video that they post on social media. This is not one of those days that you just pull in some white people clip and put it in your video and you just expect it to start working again. Your ad video or image if you must not if it doesn't stop the scroll your advert will not work. So what you need to do is that you need to pay attention to your hook when you are creating your videos. You need to pay attention to your hook. If you are one of my students in my Facebook ad class, you have access to over 50 powerful proven hooks you can use to start your video. If you're not one of those people that in my class, you can check the link in the description and get access to my Facebook ad training so that you can learn how you can create a powerful hook for your videos. It is very important. And also subscribe to this channel. Maybe one of these days I will do video on hooks on templates on how you can start your video every time you want to create a video ad so that you can hook your audience very well. Make sure you subscribe to this channel. If your advert or videos does not scrub the screw, people are going to move too fast. All right, another problem. You have no social proof in your ad. People don't trust advertisers. They don't know. without testimonials, results, proofs, you claim, your claim feels empty and your ad gets ignored. I told my video person that every time you editing my video, make sure you insert at least three testimonials or three proof inside my video. The reason is because I know that my video is going to reach cold audience. It is not only one audience is going to reach. So my video is going to reach people that do not know the brand that I'm using. So it is those testimonial that is going to show them that we know what we are talking about. It is those testimonials. If you don't have testimonial in your video, if you don't have testimonial in your copy, if you don't have testimony on your landing page, that means you are just talking. You are not showing the work. You are not demonstrating that what you are using or what you are selling is working. So you need if you don't have testimonial why not go and maybe give some some of your product out for free and collect testimonials or find a way to just get testimonial for your business. Testimonial is going to help you. In our business we have over 500 testimonials and we are still collecting more because we understand how important testimonials are. The next problem is that your call to action is weak or confusing. I'm not a fan of click here, dear me, contact us. No, you have to tell them exactly what you want them to do. Do you want them to message you on WhatsApp to get the the product? Talk to them. Message me on this number on WhatsApp and you'll get the product. You have to be very clear on what you want. Okay. So, let's proceed. Session five, which is the landing page and the funnel problem. Your landing page is slow to read to load. No. For every 1 second delay in page load time, your conversion drop by up to 7%. Most Nigerian advertisers never check this. Go to Google. There is a link you can use to check your website loading speed. It will show you whether your website is loading well or not. Just type website loading speed on Google and you'll find those link. You have to make sure that your website does not load slow. You have to be very fast because most people don't have the patient to wait until your website load very well. One hack that you can use to make your website load very fast is if you want to add images and videos to your sales page, make sure that that video does not have so many pixel. You can resize your pixel so that you have very slow pixel. Another problem is that your landing page message does not match your ad message. Imagine if I see an advert about skincare and I click on advert and I go to landing page. I'm seeing an ad that does not talk about skare. Immediately I will bounce off because I feel like oh maybe have you ever clicked on a link on a Facebook and it take you to a website that you don't want. Immediately you will think that it is a scammer website. They have just directed you to a scam website. But if the same thing you are saying on your ad is the same thing you are saying on your website at least there is a match there. That is what you want. Another problem is that you have no follow-up system after someone opt in. I've seen a lot of people they spend a lot of money generating lead. After lead comes in, they just follow up for two days, for 3 days, there is no sale and they abandon them. In fact, I'm in a lot of WhatsApp group now. A lot of them have abandoned us. They no longer follow us up. they no longer say anything in the group because maybe they didn't get the sale that they wanted. That's how they just left us like that. So you have to have a very proper follow-up strategy. Even if you cannot, you can employ somebody or you can just do even if it's three follow up a week. It is important. If you can't do that, I wonder what you are doing that is taking all your time. The next one is you are scaling your budget too fast. There are is better ways to scale your advert. I I will not be able to cover it in this video. I will link a video in the description that I did on how to scale your advert the right way. My advice to you is allow your advert to run for a long time first. 7 days, 14 days, 30 days. Let it run and you make sure that your advert is solid enough before you scale because it is not every advert that is scalable. It is not every advert that is scalable. You have to allow it to run and make sure that oh this advert has been running for a long time and is still delivering results consistently. I think it's time that I scale the ad. Now session seven, the tracking and measurement problem. Let's just talk about this. This will be the last session. You don't have the Facebook pixel installed on your website. Facebook pel will help you to collect data. When somebody purchase, Facebook will now know that oh this person purchased what this person purchase this is the interest this is what their behavior looks like. Let's show the advert to people who look like them. That is what the pixel is going to do for you. The second one is that you are looking at the wrong metrics. I see some people focusing so much on reach on impression. No, there are some important metrics you need to look at in metrics like cost per click, click through rate, cost per result. That is those are the kind of metrics that really matters. It's not reach and impression and frequency and attribution. No, no, no, no. Those ones are secondary metrics. So, you need to look at the right metrics. I have done so many videos on this channel that shows you the kind of metrics to look at, how to analyze metrics and all of that. Please check the description. You'll see the video there. Another method is that you are another problem is that you give up too early. You give up too early. Facebook ad require testing. The average advertiser need to test three to five different creative before finding a winner. That's even me being so conservative. Sometime you might test 20 different creative before finding a winner. Most Facebook advert people they quit after their first or second attempt and conclude that Facebook ad don't work for them. Well, we have been in this game for a long time and we're not going anywhere. The advertisers making money are not smarter than you. They just keep testing longer. Then you set up a testing budget for every campaign and commit to gathering data before making any decision. See data is actually very important when it comes to Facebook advert. If you know how to use the data when I mean data is this I told you that I've gathered 1 million video views. If you know the magic I created with that video views you understand the importance of data. If somebody is running advert and they are not paying attention to data I guarantee you the person paying attention to data will get better results than him. Another problem, you are copying your competitors without understanding why. Seeing a competitor ad and copying the format an offer without understanding the strategy behind it is wrong. What works for one business, one audience or one budget may completely favor another. You need to study what competitors are doing to understand their principle and then apply those principle to your own unique offer. It's not to copy their advert. You study the principles and then you apply the principle. There's a difference between two of them. Then you need to use Facebook ad library to research competitors ad and always adapt. Never just copy. All right, I'm going to show you this is the last one. The Facebook ad audit. You need to check this before you spend another money on Facebook ad. Number one, is my campaign objective matched to my actual goal? Is my audience size between 500K and 2 million? Does my ad creative stop the scroll in the first two second? If not, you need to go back and work on it. If at all you want that advert to make you money. Does my first line of copy call out my exact audience or their problem? Is my landing page message consistent with my ad message? Is my follow-up system triggered within 5 minutes of optin? That means you need to set up your sequence, your email sequence and all of that so that when somebody opt in, they're immediately getting a message from you. Have I installed and verify the Facebook is there? You need to check out all of these. I'm going to show the five mostly most costly mistake that Facebook advertisers make and how to fix it. Number one is that they are choosing the wrong campaign objective. So I said using traffic instead of lead or conversion. They don't have a weak, they don't have a strong offer, no agency, no staff value, no reason to act now. They don't have a follow-up system. They collecting lead and leaving them to go code again. They editing campaign too early. You are restarting the learning phase every few days. Allow your advert to run for crying out loud. You are ignoring retargeting. Your warmest prospects are being completely ignored. You need to fix these five things and you will see massive improvement within 7 days. I hope you have found this video helpful. I hope I've been able to dissect almost all the problem that you encounter with Facebook advert and I have shown you a lot of solution to each of them. Go and start getting result with your Facebook ad and I'm going to see you in the next video. If you find this video helpful, make sure you subscribe and turn on notification bell for more videos like this.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jgmusicacademy [1 likes]: More fire 🔥
  2. @vibewithstrengthfield: Here's what mine said using pingdom sir

Performance grade 67
Page size 8.3mb
Load time 5.96s
Requests 100

How do i make it normal sir

- Facebook Ads Not Working? Try THIS First: Kind: captions Language: en I've spent more than a$ hundred million on Facebook ads over the past 11 years and at this point I'm about as experienced as a person can be when it comes to Facebook and Instagram advertising but there are still things that happen within metad accounts that even I can't explain sometimes things just go wrong and your results really suffer as a result in this video I'm going to show you what to do if that happens in your ad account and how you can get your results back on track so sometimes relatively inexplicably um things just go wrong within meta ad accounts You' got High performing campaign High performing ad ads set Etc and all of a sudden your results just drop off and it's really difficult to work out why you might think okay maybe I've got ad fatigue right people have seen my ads too many times and that's why they're not resonating they're not converting anymore they just bored of them so you take a look at your frequency number and your frequency is not that high you think okay maybe it's not ad fatigue then maybe you think okay it's the targeting maybe the targeting for some reason isn't working like it used to so you go in and you tweak the options maybe create some new adsets different targeting options that doesn't seem um to fix it e you're sort of left scratching your head as a Facebook Advertiser thinking why was this working really well and then all of a sudden it's not and often I've spoken to so many advertisers that are in that situation I've been in that situation many times myself most meta advertisers have been advertising for a while have been in that situation and it kind of drives you mad cuz you're thinking how do I get these back I'm trying all these things how do I do I go about doing this now often the solution when that happens is to use the meta ads learning phase as your friend when you have that exact scenario just described where a campaigner adet was doing really well performance has dropped off and you just can't explain why there doesn't seem to be any logical reason as to why that would happen what I recommend you do is take that campaign or adset and duplicate it and then run a new version it could be identical to the previous version but allow mattera to start aresh effectively with that new C now it's really important that the existing campaign the original one the original campaign the original asset that you turn that off you don't want to be running identical duplicates alongside each other that's going to cause all sorts of overlap um issues and neither are likely to do very well so you pause the original and then you run a complete duplicate and you can think of that as almost like you know when an app gets sort of stuck on your phone it's just not working and you okay quit the app and then reload it and that normally solves the problem or your computer's playing up and you switch it off and switch it back on again because the way meta add campaigns work with the learning phase when you do exactly what I described you duplicate and run a new version of what you had that was working well previously it's effectively like a reboot and obviously just takes a few seconds and can make a really big difference we've seen campaigns go from a 5x rows down to a 2X rows just like I described right drop off what's going on why is this happening no logical explanation we're looking at all the various details and then we do what I just described you duplicate you basically do a an adset or a campaign uh refresh and boom it's right back up to a 5x R so definitely something to test if you've seen that happen we'll get back to the video in a second before we do I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program now with my mentorship program me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results we've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees we'll pop them up on screen right now in fact 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable Improvement in their Facebook ads return on adspend within just 30 days of joining and that's a stat that I'm really proud of there is a link in the video description below you can click on that come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you hopefully we get a chance to work together now there is no guarantee that this will solve the problem it may well do and is absolutely worth testing but there's no guarantee that solve the problem because meta sort of delivery processes and learning processes getting stuck which is what I've described here and does unfortunately happen even though metas machine learning is really powerful and can help find great prospects and all that sort of stuff sometimes this does happen and that's not always the cause for a drop off in ad results there are other reasons why ad results drop off it may well be ad fatigue you may might might need to create new ad new ad creators things like that um it might be that there are external factors like your product or service is quite seasonal and if you haven't been running you know multiple years to sort of see the patterns it might just be that you've now moved into a time of year where you should expect to get worse results this happens to a lot of businesses maybe a competitor has just brought out a new product or a service that's better than you know anything else out there on the market and you either weren't aware of it or you didn't think that it was going to have that big an impact and they're sort of hoovering up a lot of the the market share and a lot of the potential customers so what I've described in this video is absolutely worth a test because it's so quick and easy to do and you'll find out relatively quickly if that's what happened and that's the solution so we do this for our clients all the time because of that if it doesn't then fix it you've then at least ruled that out as a potential problem and you can move on to some of those other areas that I discussed and if you're interested in other simple fixes that can massively improve your Facebook ad results go ahead and check out this video in it I show you how to substantially improve the most important part of your Facebook ad quickly and easily if you haven't already it's well worth a quick watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @StudioFox33 [3 likes]: Shouldn't this video be titled "Facebook Ads STOPPED Working." ?
  2. @speedclips3D [3 likes]: my ads don’t reach reach many people and i’m not sure why? how can i fix this?
  3. @DrewBedson [3 likes]: I can't even get any of my ads published.  

FB has my credit cards, web site address, me on FB, my groups and my page yet wont publish my ads or, explain what the f*** the problem is 

"Ad Not published
Your items weren't published because they had errors that need to be fixed."

No idea what errors as they don't specify and I come here as the title of the vid says "Facebook Ads Not Working? Try THIS First"

Well, be nice to get an ad up so this guy can tell me how to get an ad up as I'd be happy if just 10 ppl saw one of mine so i can work from there and then worry about all the stuff he's into.
  4. @m31withmike [1 likes]: Is it just me, but, does this copy/duplicate/start again common? for me I see things like create new ad creative and nothing happens, just to delete the creative and add it again verbatim, and then starts working (meanwhile a loss of 24hr of $$ while you wait to realise that it's not at all delivering), or add a fresh creative only to again duplicate adset or campaign to get it going, or face the hundreds of errors on video cannot be delivered (yet it does) only when you re-upload the same file. Quality of the platform seems off to me.
  5. @czanalao8928 [1 likes]: To clarify, duplicate the entire adset without changing the ads inside?
  6. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  7. @dontcallmecrazyimjustinlove: Can you run a traffic ad for Amazon and sales ad to the same product
  8. @likedontcostmoney5595: my ads sound muted (not copy right problem) i just can't see the play icon in the side view .
  9. @rjmurphyo0: I'm doing mobile oil changes, filters, bulbs, rotations, headlight restorations and evwn have my own website and ran an ad for about 2 days and after not getting 1 response i shut the ad down
  10. @smashpickleball10: 🎉🎉🎉
  11. @nativewraps5062: ICON
  12. @andreabertin4482: Meta is a rubber that's all
  13. @AmyChoy87: Hi Ben, I followed your youtube and initially setup the meta ads, but it disabled my account as i have payment + facebook registered in different regions (digital nomad) , they took 4 weeks to respond and i provided documents to verify , would you know how long it takes ? I have attempted to create another account but it blocked that account saying it suspects its a fake account and ask me to appeal, advise is appreciated.
  14. @MsCyra101: Hey ben, I am a solo mom, trying to make some money to stay home with my children longer, I am trying to learn social media marketing, would your course be useful for someone like me? I don't have a lot of start-up money.
  15. @td4774-e1j: nice video
  16. @sarahheath8442: Thanks Ben, your videos are fantastic and full of valuable information. I was wondering if you might be able to touch on low-ticket sales ads for things like books or costume jewellery. TIA
  17. @Zohaib-s2p: What are the charges for Mentorship
  18. @abfj_91: I want to ask, if my campaign is running well but there is a rejection, I try to change a little in the description section, will the audience be different because there is a learning?
  19. @bossfighterz: Hey! can we please set up a quick meeting? just like 5-10 minutes.
  20. @EmirPolat-d4h: Hello, I wish you a good day, I follow you from Turkey and I watch you with love, you have very nice content, this is the first question I have copied this set, let's copy the original campaign, this is my first question, my second question is how I can scale it other than duplicate, I have a set that is going well, it has 20 conversions, it does not work very well in cbo, duplicate is not very efficient in the same way because I opened the audience with advantage plus, but I reached almost all of them in the audiences I recommended, what can I do? Thanks in advance.

- Facebook Ads Not Spending? Step-By-Step Fix for Ad Sets That Won’t Deliver (Meta & Instagram): Kind: captions Language: en Now, what to do if your Facebook and Instagram ads are just not spending the full daily budget? Meaning, you set a campaign on, let's say, $500 or adset on $50, but it's really only spending a small fraction or maybe not spending any money at all. In this video, I'll show you step by step how to investigate what's the root cause and how to fix the problem so your audiences will spend the full budget. So, first, just a real quick high overview. What are we talking about, right? So when you're in your ad account and you have your campaigns and inside of your campaigns you have your adsets and now let's just say you have a daily budget here of 240 but the amount spent ends up not being 240 but is significantly lower or is uh pretty much zero. Then we know something is not right and we need to take action. The very first thing to check for is to make sure your ad account is not banned and you don't have an issue with your payment method right or pass through payment on your credit card. The first hint for that is if you have other audiences that are spending money, right? So, if you for the same time frame see that there's other audiences or campaigns that have some amount spent, you know, you're uh fine, right? The ad account is in good standing. You'll also get a red warning message here at the top where you will get a notification if a payment failed or your ad account is restricted for any reason. One more thing to check for is when you go on the ads level. So, you click on the adset name and you check on all of your ads to make sure that the delivery uh status uh is not disabled or something like that, right? When you click on edit, you'll also see right here at the top right hand side a warning message if something is wrong with the ad. That can also obviously affect adset level spending. So, if all of your ads are disabled or blocked for whatever reason, then your adsets won't deliver as well. So, that's a real quick health check. Once you've done that and you know you're good, we can move on to the next step. Next, we want to ensure that the adset level targeting uh is not causing the issue. Why the adset level? Because that's really where we set the targeting restrictions and that's typically associated with with delivery issue. So, the very first thing we want to check for is the target audience size. I'll show you how to check for that. You head on over back into the adset. You hover over it, click on edit, and then at the right hand side, you will see here show estimate audience size. and you click on that, you can see the actual audience size, right? And so you can see this is obviously a massive massive audience. Sometimes when folks have very narrow lookalike audiences or interest targeting, they might find that this audience number ends up being very narrow and small. What's too narrow? I would say that anything below 200,000 is playing with fire. And so that could then cause basically delivery issues. That happens a lot when you set up very narrow interest and you you layer them, right? So in that case you can consider not layering them and basically just have one set of interests and then you create another adset targeting the other set of interests to just broaden that audience size. So everything above 200k should be fine. Also when you target a custom audience a retargeting audience of your website visitors let's say and on that pixel you have less than a thousand visitors that this could also be causing that issue. And so then just wait until you have gathered more website visitor data on your pixel and then you can relaunch the audience and then should deliver. Next, make sure that you have active ads inside the adset. We already touched on that, right? So when you click on the adset, just make sure that there are ads in there that they're all enabled. So you can see this blue icon right here. Uh and that under the delivery column, you don't have any issue where the ad was disabled. If you don't have the delivery column, head on over right here, click customize columns, and then choose uh select it, and then on the right hand side, it'll show up, and you can drag it into place, and you can click on save, and uh you'll have that uh column ready for your review. Last but not least, make sure you don't have any low manual bidding on the audience. So, when you go into the adset level, you click on edit, you scroll down, you'll have here cost per result, and it says none, right? So in this case, I am on what's called automatic bidding. So Facebook's algorithm will automatically figure out what bidding to to use to enter the auction. But right now, it basically says that Facebook will figure out what's the right bidding and then it's very hard to basically bid too low. And so as a result, you don't get any any reach because you're never winning an auction, right? If you have a value here and it's a very low value, then that could be causing the issue. If, let's say, uh, you know, right now, I'm basically saying, look, I'm willing to spend $5 to get a purchase. that might be too low if I'm selling 20 thou $5,000 products, right? So, um it always has to be in relation. So, my recommendation would be in the beginning to just get rid of it, to not use it, um and see if that fixes the issue. Now, if you've gone through all those steps and there's still no spending or you uh ensure that it's not really applicable to you, then we have to, you know, get out the heavy measures and so we'll try things to force spending on the campaign and on the adset. In a first step, what I like to do is I just like to duplicate the campaign or the adset. I have the uh budget set to 240 right here on the adset level. I can just duplicate the adset. Just re-entering the marketplace for whatever reason gets the spend going. But but uh that would be my first step, just duplicate the adset. And if you're on this active status for, let's say, more than half a day and there's still no spending or very little spending after a day or two, then we got to move on to the next step, which is high manual bidding. I would bid very aggressively. I get sometimes attacked for this because it's not a really logical thing to do, right? So, uh, if I'm selling, let's say, a $500 product, my target cost per purchase is 250. I would bid 1,500, for example. So, three times your AOV, two times your AOV, something very aggressive because I want to reenter the auction. I want to have very high bid. I going to outbid competitors. I will get more delivery and more spend. If I'm telling Facebook I'm willing to spend 1,500 to get a purchase, wouldn't it be crazy expensive? I only want to spend 250. That's true. And it won't really translate into 1,500 cost per purchase. And we're just using this as an initial kick in the butt to get some spend going. and then you can take it out of the adset once it starts delivering but not performing. So this is another trick that I use to really get full spend. And if even this doesn't help and you spend another day and there's just no spending on that audience, then you have to bring out the absolutely heaviest gun, right, which is raising the daily budget and if possible, accelerated spending. Now, at the time of taping this and in the ad account that I'm inside of right now, it's not available that option, but check for yourself if it's available on your site. Right? So, when you head into the adset in question, you'll find at the top section under conversion, you scroll down, there's going to be this show more settings, and then you have delivery type. And if you can set this, you can go to accelerated spending. And so then it will basically be yet another kick in the butt to really accelerate spending and get this going. You can pair it with an increase in daily spend or you first set up accelerated spending and then increase the daily spend. So in that case, you have a large enough audience, healthy ad account standing, high budget, high manual bidding, and accelerated spending. But make sure that you monitor every hour to ensure that you know you're not um you're not burning through capital too fast. Um that's that. And obviously at some point if you have other audiences that are delivering and performing well, you could obviously also just throw in the towel at some point and say, "Look, I'll rely on the other ones." You can also just when you are a customer, if you're watching this video and you're a customer of Adamigo AI or a user, then obviously you can just ask the agent to run an audit on that asset and figure out why it's not delivering. And then at the end, it'll recommend to you things that it wants to do to fix that delivery, right? So, it can go ahead and then change the bidding, change the budget and everything. You just talk to the agent. It's almost like a media buyer or an agency and it will figure out what needs to be done and do it for you. I hope this video was helpful and see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nathan47223 [11 likes]: FInally a video that comprehensively explains this.
  2. @Hajimuizcopy [5 likes]: Thanks man. Duplicating the ad sets worked
  3. @samsemilia88 [3 likes]: just started a new bm accound and ad account
i put 50$ for a campaign
an ABO
since 2 days its not spending 1 cent
raised budget, duplicated it did everything
even i put 50$ on the account as credit.. its still not spending
  4. @jonathanalves9337 [1 likes]: How can i know if my account has been banned?  My account seems ok, I can create ads, but it`s not spending at all
  5. @DivyaanshBhardwaj-o9s [1 likes]: Another issue could be that your card is set as backup not primary that was issue for me .
  6. @loujeanbuenaventura [1 likes]: Hey ,Just wanted to ask if you already have someone handling video edits.
If not, happy to chat and see if it makes sense to work together.
  7. @tomwootton6518 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video bro, i launched my first ever campaign a day or 2 ago and waited for the 24 hour review after that iseen no results, so i paused my active campaign and launched a new campaign that targetted traffic insteaf sales, still sat on 0£ spent even tho my ad is "active"
  8. @oyebankeoyelowo3290 [1 likes]: I’m facing this issue on all my ads account 
What could be the cause?
I have tried everything in this video ,it’s still not spendifing
  9. @nonaim4833 [1 likes]: i just satrted the campaign 4 hours ago and just have 0  dollats spending is it nromal ?  i have audience of 1.000.000.000 and 50 $ budget
  10. @Highvibenoah [1 likes]: Nice video I’m facing this issue
  11. @growwithgodbless: Well done.. keep up the good work
  12. @YTkingsniper: It’s my very first ad and campaign I’m running and it’s been active for more than a day and it’s still not spending money on the ads yet. Can you please tell me what happened and how I can fix it?
  13. @antoinettemuzi1640: Would this work for a lifetime budget? I am running a ticket flash sale and barely got any spend in the last 12 hours
  14. @SalmanAli-yk5mx: I duplicated the campaign and paused the original one as you told, then after a few hours, all ads' status changed to "Preparing" from active now. Don't know what's happening!!!
  15. @tapoa5638: thankyou, increasing cost per result goal worked
  16. @fakiev22: i have a new account should i just wait a day or 2
  17. @RZephyrr: My ads are not spending but meat is charging me a little bit I think it is to check payment is working and it is but still $0 spent on the actual campaign. Those facbook payments were most likely tests from meta.
  18. @MirOrhan: wanted to share my experience with Meta Ads support because it has been extremely frustrating.

I have been running multiple campaigns, following all the recommended guidelines — using Meta Advantage campaigns, no manual targeting, no frequent changes — yet I am facing CPM spikes up to 100x and very low impressions. This is causing continuous losses.

Since yesterday, I have been communicating with Meta advisors, providing detailed screenshots and proof, but the support team has:
	•	Ignored my proof
	•	Repeatedly told me to “wait 24–48 hours” without any actual solution
	•	Given vague, generic replies
	•	Failed to escalate the issue to a senior or technical team

Even when I ran a practical ad exactly as instructed, let it run for the whole day despite losses, the result still showed negative performance, but my evidence was not accepted.

I am extremely frustrated because the support team is not taking my case seriously, wasting my time, and giving no resolution, even though this issue is causing real financial loss.

I wanted to share this with you because I feel like Meta Ads support is mishandling serious issues
“I would really appreciate it if you could provide guidance or assistance to resolve this issue
  19. @thehypereelz: Bro i literally tried everything here and contacted support, but my ads aren't spending at all. It suddenly stopped spending on spetember and till now its not working. 

  Its an old ad account abiut 1 year.   
I cheked the audience size, pixel, ad creative, cost bidding, budget, domain verification and also tried duplicating the ads nothing worked. Im out of solutions honestly man my ads are just stuck at 0
  20. @gamer124: i launched 1 adset with 6 creatives with 1000pkr which is enough like in dollars you can assume i am spending 30$ but meta is not spending money in 2 days its spend only 1k but my budget was 1k pr day , and we are frsh no data our first compaign . we are on broad fully broad ,  plus all creatives are active i  can see ! 
if you know pls tell if don't know just tell me i will appreciate it !

- Facebook Ads Getting Clicks But No Sales? Here's How to Fix it: Kind: captions Language: en so people are clicking your ads but no one's buying and if you're like most people you've probably started testing different audiences images creatives and placements now if that is you I've got some good news and I got some bad news the bad news is you wasted your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] time doing those four things but the good news is is that I'm going to show you the actual solution in this video so a lot of the time when someone's ads aren't converting they just think to themselves oh I just need to split test a few things I just need to Target the Right audience then people are going to buy this is literally a terrible mindset to have when it comes to Media buying you need to realize that a lot of the ad solutions that you're seeking they aren't inside the ads manager they are lying outside the ads manager so you need to change your mindset right now and think as a marketer not a media buyer because media buyers try and find solutions by pushing buttons inside the ads manager a marketer understands the entire process from advertising to sale and it's adopting that type of mindset that is going to help you find the solution so you first need to look at the expectations of your customer did the people click your routes because they know some things for sale or did you just try and click bait them to get the cheap click and hope that the sales page does the rest because one of the biggest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] problems in the media buying industry right now is that people are creating these over-hyped super click-baity ads just desperate to get attention they're trying to scream at you in the news feed with the sole goal of trying to get as many clicks as possible and it works to get the clicks but it doesn't get sales you see if you want to create high converting ads you need to write the ads in a way that shows understanding builds a connection builds trust and builds enough motivation from within the prospect that they want to click the ad and see what's on the other side this is why the advice of the only purpose of the ad is to get the click is absolute BS and it kills so many marketing campaigns because if you adopt that mindset then you are going to start creating ads that yes get lots of clicks but they aren't going to make you any [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] money you see when you write ads like I mentioned before the prospects aren't being forced to click with clickbait but they actually genuinely interested in what you have to offer and this is a huge shift in the mind of your prospects and it will dramatically increase conversion rates so don't sell your soul just for the click now the second thing to look at is what we call the congruency of the ads and the sales process so does the messaging match the sales page are they speaking to the same Prospect so if you're selling like an agency Builder program and your ad is talking about how a marketing agency is the best business to start for a beginner but then maybe your sales page is talking about all the problems people are experiencing with scaling a social media marketing agency and then you're talking about the solutions to that and you can see that that is not congruent because the ads is speaking to beginners who have probably never built a business before or have never built an agency before and then problems of someone who has already started and is trying to scale an agency so your sales page needs to align with the problems hopes and desires that your ads alluded to or it's just not going to convert and then the third point is okay maybe the messaging is congruent but is it actually the right messaging for your audience so on the sales page are you actually speaking to your potential customers true in a desire or is it just the desire that you think they have is the lead story that you talk about on your sales page is that relatable to your prospects or do you just feel like that story is relatable so one of the biggest lessons I've learned in business is that we can't let our own internal experiences and our internal biases and what we think the audience wants ruin our sales copy for example you could be a fitness coach helping women lose weight and all over your ads and on your sales page is talking about you know get lean for summer lose body fat shred up or even something lighter like lose 10 to 15 pounds but is that actually what your audience wants maybe your audience just wants to feel lean enough and confident enough to step into a gym without feeling like they're being judged maybe your audience has young kids and since having young kids they've realized that you know playing with them keeping up with them taking them to different places on the weekend it can be quite tiring and are not fit enough to actually enjoy the kid's childhood or maybe they just want to feel confident enough to have sex with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] lights on because maybe your ads are okay maybe your targeting is okay maybe your campaign structure is okay but if your sales page doesn't have the right messaging then it doesn't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] matter so again remember your conversion problems can be rarely solved by looking inside of the ads manager the way you turn around an ad campaign and take it from unprofitable to profitable is by thinking like a marketer and not a media buyer thanks for watching if you enjoyed the video like the video subscribe I'll see you soon thank you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @zleviz3376 [7 likes]: i like how youre straight forword and dont beat around the bush
  2. @jamievdj2824 [4 likes]: I got a 8 CTR ALL and CTR click 6 and no one bought like feels like my ad too card is gone
  3. @ErnestDempsey [4 likes]: Outstanding
  4. @altered_beast [3 likes]: I'm just getting old people clicking by accident to see the picture
  5. @Theresamachado0125 [1 likes]: Thanks for your video.  You're funny! Do you help with FB ads?
  6. @alejandroesquer7773 [1 likes]: Great content! Nothing better than standing on the shoes of the audience
  7. @AYOUBNIVERS [1 likes]: THE SOUND IS LOW !
  8. @ohalloran_sam: I put our agency's entire ad account structure protocol into an easy-to-implement document. Grab it here: https://www.clientgenerators.com/yt-scaling-doc
  9. @SebuBhai69: I got 800 link clicks but no sales
  10. @PrometheusAccessorieWares: Could you review my store bro prometheus wares

Should be first or second when you type it in
  11. @Seroukhnizar: Can this work for lead gen?
  12. @quister53: I could not concentrate on what you were saying as I was just lost trying to figure out what you are writing 😨😨
  13. @CosmeticProMalayale-o9u: Bro I done two ads. One is instgram boost with what's app click button. Same done with traffic.

In as manger it showing I received lots of click in traffic but zero what's app message came 😢😢😢😢. 

But In instgram boost 1000 of message came. 

So what the meaning of this ads account. 

They can stop that service and do only boost options instead 😢😢
  14. @damianvmendoza: great ideas....  think like a marketer!
  15. @jackgarbutt5921: Thank you, I just made some amends with your advice for my e-commerce site and it really helped :)

- High CPMs & Low ROAS? 5 Reasons Your Meta Ads Are Failing: Kind: captions Language: en Your meta ads were working fine and then suddenly the cost started rising everywhere. Cost per lead increased. CPM became more expensive. Our oas started weakening. And honestly, nothing inside the campaign even looked dramatically different at first. The same business, the same audience, the same offer. So naturally, many marketers become confused very quickly because emotionally it feels like the campaign should still be performing the same way as before. But then something frustrating starts happening underneath. The budget stretches less. Results become harder to maintain. Scaling starts feeling riskier. And slowly meta ads begin feeling much more expensive than they used to feel before. Now the pressure increases very quickly because businesses immediately start asking difficult questions. Why are costs suddenly rising? Did competition increase? Is meta ads becoming too expensive now? And honestly, this is one of the biggest frustrations advertisers experience today. Because many times rising ad costs are not caused by one single problem alone. Multiple things start changing underneath the system at the same time. Audience competition increases. Creative responsiveness weakens. Buyer behavior shifts. More advertisers enter the auction environment. And slowly the economics of the campaign begin changing underneath the performance. Now this is where many marketers make a major mistake. They panic emotionally. Budgets change aggressively. Campaigns get modified constantly. Scaling decisions become reactive. And instead of stabilizing performance, the system often becomes even more expensive afterward. If you've ever felt like meta ads became dramatically more expensive, even while doing similar things, you're definitely not alone, because this problem happens constantly across modern digital advertising. And in this video, we're going to break down why meta ads become more expensive, what hidden factors quietly increase advertising costs, and how experienced marketers think strategically when auction pressure and competition start rising. Because once you understand this properly, you stop treating rising ad costs like random bad luck and start understanding the deeper economic psychology behind meta advertising instead. One of the biggest reasons meta ads become more expensive over time is that more advertisers are competing for the same audience attention. And honestly, this changes the entire advertising environment underneath the platform. At first, meta ads often feel extremely efficient. Costs stay manageable. Reach feels easier. Results come more consistently. And naturally businesses become more dependent on the platform over time. But slowly something important starts changing underneath the system. More companies enter the auction environment. More brands compete for visibility. More advertisers chase the same buyers and eventually audience attention itself becomes significantly more competitive. Now something frustrating happens. Even strong campaigns begin facing more pressure inside the auction. CPMs rise, reach becomes harder, buyer attention becomes more expensive to capture consistently. And emotionally, many marketers feel confused because the campaign itself may not even look dramatically different, but underneath the competition surrounding the audience changed heavily. This becomes especially aggressive during high demand industries. Seasonal buying periods, crowded business categories, economic uncertainty. Because when more advertisers aggressively chase the same attention, Meta's auction naturally becomes more expensive overall. This is why experienced marketers understand something important. Meta ads are not only driven by campaign settings, they are also driven by market competition and attention economics underneath the platform. So instead of viewing rising costs as random bad luck, experienced advertisers study how competition changes buyer attention over time. Because successful meta advertising is not just about creating ads anymore. It's about competing strategically inside an increasingly crowded attention environment. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because the ads suddenly became terrible. they become expensive because audience attention itself became much harder to win consistently. Another major reason meta ads become more expensive over time is that weaker creatives struggle much harder to hold audience attention consistently. And honestly, this problem becomes more dangerous as competition inside the platform keeps increasing. At first, strong creatives can often perform extremely efficiently. People stop scrolling. Attention gets captured quickly. Engagement happens naturally and meta system rewards that behavior because when audiences respond positively, the platform can deliver results more efficiently at lower costs. But over time, something important starts changing underneath the campaign. Audiences become more saturated. Creative fatigue increases. People become harder to emotionally engage repeatedly. And slowly weaker creatives begin struggling to compete inside the auction environment. Now something frustrating happens. The ads still run. The campaign still spends. But emotionally the audience stops responding the same way as before. Hooks lose impact. Messaging feels repetitive. Attention weakens faster. And eventually Meta must spend more aggressively just to maintain the same level of visibility and engagement. This is why ad costs often increase even when marketers believe nothing changed because underneath audience responsiveness already started weakening. Now the system needs more pressure to generate the same actions. This becomes especially dangerous in crowded industries where audiences constantly see similar messaging patterns every day because once attention becomes harder to capture, efficient advertising becomes much harder to maintain consistently. This is why experienced marketers focus heavily on creative strength during scaling and optimization phases. Not just targeting or budgets, they continuously improve hooks, emotional angles, messaging variety, audience engagement psychology. Because successful meta advertising is not just about reaching people anymore. It's about earning attention efficiently inside a highly competitive environment. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because meta randomly change something. They become expensive because the creative stopped competing effectively for audience attention underneath the auction. Another major reason meta ads become more expensive is that the platform starts receiving weaker buyer signals underneath the campaign over time. And honestly, this problem quietly damages advertising efficiency much faster than many marketers realize. At first, campaigns often perform efficiently because meta system receives strong conversion behavior. People engage seriously. Buyers respond consistently. Conversions happen naturally. And when that happens, Meta's algorithm gains clearer signals about who is more likely to take meaningful action. Now the system can optimize more efficiently. Costs stay healthier. Delivery becomes more stable. Audience targeting improves naturally over time. But slowly something important starts changing underneath the campaign. Lower intent leads enter the funnel. Weak engagement increases. Conversion quality starts declining and eventually Meta begins receiving less reliable buyer behavior signals overall. Now something frustrating starts happening. The platform still spends aggressively, but the system becomes less efficient at identifying highquality buyers consistently. Costs rise, targeting becomes weaker, conversions become harder to maintain efficiently, and emotionally many campaign still appears active on the surface. But underneath, the quality of conversion signals already weakens significantly. This becomes especially dangerous when campaigns optimize too heavily for cheap leads, weak engagement, easy actions, low friction conversions. Because over time, Meta may continue learning from weaker buyer behavior patterns instead of strong purchase intent. This is why experienced marketers care deeply about conversion quality during optimization, not just conversion quantity. They analyze buyer seriousness, postcon conversion behavior, customer value, long-term sales quality because successful meta advertising is not just about generating activity. It's about feeding the platform stronger buyer signals so the system can optimize more efficiently over time. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because Meta suddenly stopped working. They become expensive because weaker buyer behavior slowly reduce optimization efficiency underneath the system. Another major reason meta ads become more expensive over time is audience fatigue. And honestly, this problem becomes much more aggressive as campaigns scale and exposure increases repeatedly. At first, audiences often respond strongly to new campaigns. The messaging feels fresh. Attention gets captured quickly, engagement happens naturally and meta system can deliver results efficiently because audience responsiveness remains high. But slowly something important The same people begin seeing similar ads repeatedly. Frequency rises, attention weakens and eventually emotional responsiveness starts fading underneath the audience itself. Now something frustrating starts happening. The campaign still spends aggressively. The ads still appear consistently. But emotionally people stop reacting with the same energy as before. The hooks feel familiar. The messaging loses urgency. Curiosity weakens faster. And over time, meta must spend more aggressively just to maintain similar engagement and conversion behavior. This is why advertising costs often increase even when marketers continue using campaigns that previously worked well because underneath audience responsiveness already started weakening dangerous in local markets, niche industries, heavily targeted campaigns, smaller audience pools, because once the same people repeatedly experience similar messaging, efficient attention becomes much harder to maintain consistently. This is why experienced marketers constantly monitor audience fatigue during optimization and scaling phases, not just campaign spend. They analyze frequency, engagement quality, responsiveness, decay, creative freshness. Because successful meta advertising is not just about reaching audiences repeatedly. It's about maintaining emotional responsiveness while exposure pressure increases over time. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because Meta randomly raised prices. They become expensive because the audience emotionally stopped responding as strongly underneath repeated exposure. One of the biggest hidden reasons meta ads become more expensive is that many marketers start scaling emotionally once pressure begins increasing. And honestly, this mistake quietly destabilizes campaigns much faster than most advertisers realize. At first, rising costs create anxiety very quickly. CPMs increase, ROAS weakens, conversions become less predictable, and emotionally many marketers feel immediate pressure to fix performance fast. Now something dangerous starts happening underneath the campaign. Budgets change aggressively. Campaign structures shift constantly. Creatives rotate emotionally. And instead of stabilizing the system, the campaign becomes even more unstable afterward. This happens because Meta's optimization system needs consistency to learn efficiently over time. But when campaigns constantly change under emotional pressure, learning stability weakens significantly. Now the platform struggles to optimize efficiently. Audience behavior becomes harder to predict. Delivery patterns become inconsistent. Costs rise even further. And emotionally, marketers often blame meta completely. while the campaign itself is already operating inside constant instability underneath. This becomes especially dangerous during scaling phases because once budgets increase aggressively, emotional reactions create even larger optimization disruptions afterward. This is why experienced marketers behave very differently when advertising costs start rising. Instead of reacting emotionally to every fluctuation, they focus on maintaining strategic stability first. They analyze long-term patterns, audience behavior, conversion consistency, creative responsiveness because successful meta advertising is not just about forcing lower costs emotionally. It's about protecting optimization stability while the system adapts to changing market conditions underneath. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because meta suddenly became impossible to use. They become expensive because emotional optimization decisions slowly destabilize performance underneath the system. One of the most misunderstood parts of meta advertising is that cheap traffic does not always create efficient long-term performance. And honestly, many campaigns become more expensive later because they optimize too heavily for cheap traffic early on. At first, lower costs feel exciting emotionally. CPMs drop, clicks become cheaper, lead volume increases quickly, and naturally, marketers assume the campaign is becoming more efficient overall. But underneath, something important may already be changing. Lower quality users begin entering the funnel. Weak buyer intent increases. Engagement quality starts declining and eventually meta begins learning from weaker audience behavior patterns over time. Now something frustrating starts happening afterward. The campaign still generates activity but long-term conversion efficiency weakens significantly. Costs begin rising later. Our oas becomes harder to maintain. scaling starts feeling unstable and emotionally many campaign originally looked cheap and successful. What underneath the platform was optimizing around easier traffic instead of stronger customer behavior. This becomes especially dangerous when campaigns optimize aggressively for low CPCs, cheap leads, easy engagement, short-term activity metrics, because over time, cheap traffic often creates weaker optimization signals for the system overall. This is why experienced marketers think carefully about traffic quality economics, not just traffic cost. They analyze buyer intent, conversion consistency, customer value, long-term profitability. Because about finding the cheapest audience possible. It's about finding audiences capable of creating stronger business results consistently over time. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive because meta randomly increase prices. They become expensive because weak traffic quality slowly damage long-term optimization efficiency underneath the system. When experienced marketers analyze meta ads performance, they usually think very differently from beginners because beginners often focus mainly on reducing visible costs emotionally. Lower CPMs, lower CPCs, cheaper leads, and naturally nosy numbers feel exciting inside the dashboard because lower costs create the emotional feeling of stronger efficiency. But experienced marketers understand something much deeper. Cheap advertising and efficient advertising are not always the same thing. So instead of chasing the lowest cost possible, they focus heavily on long-term efficiency and business quality underneath the campaign. They analyze buyer intent, conversion consistency, customer value, long-term profitability because many times slightly more expensive traffic creates much stronger business results overall. This becomes especially important during scaling phases because once campaigns optimize too aggressively for cheap activity, Meta often starts finding easier audiences instead of stronger buyers. Now the campaign may still look successful emotionally while actual business quality slowly weakens underneath the numbers. This is why experienced marketers constantly connect advertising performance to real business outcomes, not just dashboard metrics alone. They ask deeper questions. Are stronger customers entering the funnel? Is customer quality improving? Is long-term profitability staying healthy? not just about lowering costs emotionally. It's about creating efficient systems capable of generating sustainable business growth over time. And honestly, this becomes one of the biggest differences between emotional advertising and strategic advertising. Beginners often chase cheaper numbers emotionally. Experienced marketers focus on stronger efficiency while protecting long-term business performance underneath. One of the biggest reasons meta ads become increasingly expensive over time is that many marketers begin reacting emotionally once performance pressure starts increasing. And honestly, this creates a dangerous cycle underneath the campaign very quickly. At first, rising costs create anxiety naturally. CPMs increase, ROAS weakens, results become less predictable, and emotionally many marketers immediately feel pressure to fix performance fast. Now something dangerous starts happening underneath the system. Budgets change aggressively. Targeting gets modified constantly. Creatives rotate emotionally and instead of stabilizing optimization, the campaign becomes more unstable afterward. This happens because meta system depends heavily on behavioral consistency to optimize efficiently over time. But when campaigns constantly shift under emotional pressure, optimization stability weakens significantly. Now audience behavior becomes harder to predict. Delivery patterns fluctuate more aggressively. efficiency starts collapsing faster and eventually advertising costs rise even further underneath the instability. This is why experienced marketers stay much calmer during difficult optimization periods. Not because rising costs feel comfortable, but because emotional reactions often amplify the problem significantly afterward. So instead of reacting emotionally to every fluctuation, experienced advertisers focus on maintaining strategic clarity first. They analyze long-term patterns, conversion quality, audience behavior, creative responsiveness. Because about forcing cheaper results emotionally. It's about maintaining optimization stability while the platform adapts to changing market conditions underneath. And honestly, many campaigns don't become expensive only because competition increase. They become even more expensive because emotional optimization decisions slowly destabilize the system underneath the pressure. When meta ads become more expensive, most marketers immediately look for one simple reason. Maybe the audience is wrong. Maybe the creative is weak. Maybe meta changed something. And sometimes those things do matter. But experienced marketers look deeper. They understand that rising costs usually come from multiple forces working together. Competition increases, audience attention weakens, creative fatigue builds, buyer signals become less clear, and if marketers react emotionally, the campaign can become even more expensive afterward. This is where professional thinking becomes different. Instead of asking only, "How do I make this cheaper?" Experienced marketers ask, "How do I make this more efficient?" Because cheap traffic does not always create strong results. And higher costs do not always mean the campaign is failing. What matters is whether the campaign is still attracting the right people and creating real business value underneath the numbers. That is the real shift. Stop chasing cheap ads emotionally and start building efficient campaigns strategically. One of the biggest misconceptions in meta advertising is believing that the cheapest ads automatically create the best business results. And honestly, experienced marketers eventually learn that efficiency matters far more than cheap numbers alone because cheap traffic can still create weak buyers, poor conversion quality, unstable long-term performance, while slightly more expensive campaigns can sometimes generate much stronger business growth overall. This is why experienced advertisers focus on buyer quality, long-term efficiency, not just lower costs emotionally inside the dashboard. not just about making ads cheaper. It's about building campaigns capable of creating sustainable business results over time. And once marketers truly understand this, rising ad costs stop feeling like random panic and start becoming something they manage much more strategically instead. Now, if this video helped you understand why meta ads become more expensive, make sure to explore the other videos already available on the channel as well. We've also started breaking down meta ads instability, ros collapse, scaling mistakes, lead quality psychology, and deeper digital marketing strategy systems. Because once you understand how these systems connect together, you stop reacting emotionally to advertising pressure and start building much stronger long-term marketing systems instead. Thanks for watching. Stay connected and I'll see you in the next video.

- The Hidden Reason Your Facebook Ads Are Failing (Bid Cap Trap): Kind: captions Language: en If you're using bitcaps in your meta ad account and wondering why results are stuck or your campaigns aren't even spinning, then this is a video for you. Bitcaps, they seem like a smart way to control your costs, but in most cases, they're actually killing your performance. And let me explain and show you why this is happening. And if you're new here, my name is Vincent. I'm the founder of Chipper, and we help ecom brands scale predictably and profitably with our identity hooking system, so you will never have to guess which ad is converting and which creative works. And today we're talking about bitcaps, why they don't work for 95% of the brands, and what you should be doing instead to keep performance stable without actually limiting your reach. So, let's just start with the basics. When you set up a bit cap in meta ads, you're telling the algorithm, only enter the auction when the cost per result is below X amount of dollars. And that might sound good on paper, but in reality, you're actually putting a tight leash on the Meta Ads auction system. And here's a problem. Meta doesn't always have the volume of cheap impressions if you're asking for it, especially at scale. So, what happens? Your campaign barely gets any spent or it start to spend erratically. And even worse, you often end up paying more per result when it finally does spend because meta is working with artificial constraints. Meta strength is in optimization at scale. It thrives when it has breathing room, flexibility, budgets, audiences, and bidding. And bid caps, they do exactly the opposite. They box the system in. And here's what we see when brands use bid caps too early or too aggressively. And I'll show you exactly what this does to an ad account later in the video. The campaigns, they never exit learning. Their rorowaz becomes volatiles and winners are misjudged too early. And worst of all, creatives don't get enough delivery to be properly tested and your data is diluted and not accurate. So instead of protecting your OAS, you're actually hurting it by starving the campaign of delivery data. And now to be fair, there are very limited scenarios where a bit cap can actually be helpful. The first one is that you're running a very large budget and want to throttle spin on specific adsets. The second one is that you're in a super competitive vertical with tight margins or if you're scaling a proven winner and use bitcaps for efficiency and not testing. But unless you're doing 500k a month with deep attribution modeling and volume data, you're better off avoiding bit caps entirely. But for 95% of the brands, it's simply premature optimization that will cost you way more in mis conversions than it saves you in cheaper CPMs. And I also made a separate video on how you should structure your ad account, and you can find that one in the description down below. So, what should you actually be doing instead? You basically use cost caps if you must control efficiency, but understand that it's still very limiting. Or what we always do is use a CBO campaign and let meta allocate spend to where the performance is the strongest. Or you can focus your control efforts on the creative testing and audience segmentations and not on bit capping. So let the algorithm do its thing. Metan 2025 performs the best when you give it room. So the more signals it gets from clicks, add to carts, purchases, the better it will optimize. And trying to outsmart it with strict bid caps often does more harm than actually good. So, let's just dive straight into an ad account of a new client that we onboarded that is actually using bitcaps to show you the big ass difference. So, if we jump over to the ad account, as you can see, they have been running a lot of different ads every single time from bitcaps to bitcaps to bitcaps. And they came to us with a big problem that they're not able to scale. And the first thing that we saw were two major things that we always see in a lot of ad accounts is barely any creative testing. And the second one is using bid caps. And these two, they're often time linked together. For example, with this one, their bid cap is at $20. As you can see, it's already $7 more spent. And already the first signal that you can see is this is a CBO campaign. $100 a day. In the last 30 days, it only spent $14. So that means that if you want to scale, you're actually not scaling because you're not spending the full amount. The second one is here, the bid caps as well. $25. As you can see, only one is generating bit results. And look at what one or which one it is doing. It is the one with zero bit cap. And as you can see, it is $40. Every single day, it's around what is it around $200 a day that they should be spending. But the last 30 days, normally, if they spent the full amount, they would have spent around 600 uh $6,000, right? But they've only spent around what is it? Yeah, they spend $1,000 instead of spending $6,000. So, six times less and the results are not even near. This one is the only one that is getting good results with the rorowes. But, so if you dial back the bid caps, first of all, as you can see, they're not spending a lot of money and they're restricting your data because I will show you in a minute, right? What we did is we put up a CBO campaign with creative testing and as you can see in the beginning, the results are not the best. And I'll show you exactly why that is and why and how we're basically improving it as well. If we go over, we always take the main winning ads from all the historical data, plug them into a CBO campaign with the first adset with the main creators, right? So if we go to into it, the first thing that you will see in the last 30 days, we took them over in July, it's now July, uh June. The first thing that you see is in the last 30 days, this one was getting the most amount of spend in the beginning, but was not profitable. So that signals to us that their past winner, right, that they were using bitcaps with was actually not the real winner because they're just putting constraints into it. As you can see the cost per result, then their current winner that they're constantly duplicating and duplicating is actually not getting the real results or cost per results that they think they are because they're pressurizing Meta to make a cost per result of $25 while in reality it is almost double the amount as you can see, right? And then other ads that are now getting spent are actually performing way better already. The same with here. As you can see, the cost per purchase is around a dollar because it's just spending money and testing. And that's the biggest thing is that you're testing and testing. And that's why bit caps are not working at all because you're limited. So, as you can see, you're not spending a lot of money. Your results are not how it actually is. And it shows it itself. The bit caps, the one without the bitcaps are actually performing way better. And so if you're using bitcaps right now and your campaigns there are not spinning or your results are stalling, it is probably not a creative problem. It is actually a campaign structure problem. So drop the bit caps, let the system breathe. And if you're serious about performance, building campaigns that give meta space to work, you just stick with a one campaign CBO. And if this helped, leave a comment to subscribe and let me know what kind of setup you're running. And of course, if you want to scale profitably and predictably using the identity hooking system, you know where to find me. Click the link down below and book a call with me. And I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @trackingconsulting [1 likes]: Excellent explanation. The bid cap trap is one of the most overlooked issues in Meta Ads optimization. Many campaigns fail not because of weak creatives or audiences but because of limited learning signals. When tracking is implemented correctly and conversion data flows cleanly, Meta’s algorithm can bid efficiently and deliver far better results.
  2. @vincenthuygens-chipper: work with me 1-1 : https://chipper.be/en

join the free skool community : https://www.skool.com/identity-hooking-marketing-5101
  3. @LifeByteBD: If you want to hire me for your editing please reply
  4. @Arpit_Thumbnails: Can I improve your thumbnails?

- Improve Facebook Ads Performance In 2023 (3 Ways To Avoid Ad Failure): Kind: captions Language: en do you know that over 90 of facebook advertisers fail i know it sounds like why would i even want to be running ads if 90 chance is gonna fail well stick around because in this video we're going to talk about the reasons why ads fail and what you can do to ensure yours have a better chance of success let's go ahead and cue that [Music] intro now it's no secret there are millions and millions of facebook ads running at any given time and millions and millions of advertisers running so it's impossible for everyone to be successful right but the truth is 90 of ads fail because the business isn't doing one of three things so the first thing is the offer now this is what you're driving your ads to so it's usually a landing page in terms of maybe it's a sales page maybe it's a product page maybe it's a webinar or a lead magnet whatever the case may be ads are a traffic driver and they're driving traffic to a specific landing page now problem is is that a lot of people start running ads to an offer that hasn't actually been proven yet what does that mean well it means that you have no idea if the audience you're trying to reach actually wants or needs whatever it is you're trying to sell them that includes whatever your freebie is your lead magnet your services anything like this could be things that they just don't know they need want or even desire having your offer tested out organically first will allow you to validate the offer and show that your audience is actually warm and receptive to it now if you do not have an audience yet to sell to and you are using your ads to help build that audience then you have to set the expectations that your ads are simply being done to create data that's helping you to determine whether your audience is correct whether your landing pages are actually converting the way they should be and the ads will actually tell you where those holes in the data is so that you can make adjustments to better suit this when it comes to the data your ads can tell you the click-through rate is the first signal of whether the ads are working or not if your click-through rate is between one and three percent this is kind of basic bare bones metric for across the board of all industries then your ads are actually performing relatively well for base metric if it's above three percent then it's a really good sign you are dialed into that audience and they're receptive to the information on that ad if they are not converting to sale after that that could be a very good indicator that your landing page actually needs some work or the offer itself needs some work it's not always the ad that's the issue sometimes it's actually going to show you your landing page needs work so you have to be open to listening to the data on that the next thing you want to do with your offer is validate your price point now as much as we all want to be able to sell products for hundreds or even thousands of dollars once you've set that price point it's very very difficult to lower it down after the fact people don't like that at all especially if they've purchased it at a higher price point and then they find out you sold it for less they're gonna feel like they didn't get the value worth for what they paid for it so it's always best to have a price point on the lower side especially if you're just testing this out in order to validate that price point if they buy it at 27 great now you know you can't sell it for less than 27. and the only way you can go is up from there the value of the offer can also make a big difference if your offer is valued at say a thousand dollars and you're selling it 427 then it can show that people are getting a really good bargain for that price but if your value is a thousand dollars and you're selling it for 9.97 well they're not going to feel like they got much of a bargain out of that and they're not going to really want to purchase it for that now value is subjective because we know that there's a whole bunch of parameters that go into an actual value of something but just keep that in mind when you're doing especially things like offer stacks or big bundles of products or services is that we want to make sure the value makes sense for the price point we're doing generally speaking they'll say that a 10x value is a good starting point so if it's a thousand dollars worth of value then starting at 10 is a good place to start finally one of the last things you can do to help with your offer is offer a guarantee or a warranty period this works really well especially for digital products and courses where you stand by your product this doesn't mean you have to give a lifetime access or lifetime guarantee for anything but even having something as simple as a seven day money back guarantee just allows you to show your audience that you stand by your product and if they're not happy you want to make it right for them and you're willing to give back their money this can go a long way in helping you not only validate that offer but to continue to make successful sales on that product or service after the second reason your ads may be failing is you are targeting the wrong audience i know we all want to sell to whoever wants to buy our products and services but it just doesn't happen that way that haystack is huge and we cannot speak to everybody in the same manner and attract them if you are trying to attract a 40 year old woman and a 60 year old man the copy is going to be very very different in those types of ads so it does you no good to have an audience that has multiple uh ranges of your demographic in there now this doesn't mean you can't sell to everybody and maybe you your product or service does attract 40 year old women and 60 year old men but you want to make sure your audiences are built differently for that so being very specific on who it is you're trying to get in front of most what is the biggest demographic in your audience you're trying to reach and craft your ad copy and your creatives to speak to this majority demographic first now there's always going to be outliers don't worry about that so much but speak to the majority of your audience size that you're trying to reach the biggest part of this is having your ad copy speak to their pain points what it is that they're being troubled with and how do your products and services come in and help solve those pain points it's the difference between product aware and solution aware when you know what the pain points are your audience has this allows you to craft your ad copy in a way that speaks to them maybe they're problem aware but they're not quite solution aware yet this allows you to be able to create those specific ads that speak to that uh part of their journey that they're on this works more especially if you're dealing with your warmer audiences or your retargeting efforts if they're already been informed of what you who you are what you sell then they're more problem aware already and then your ads can be created more solution aware so just knowing where they are on their journey can also help you to be able to craft the right odds for the right audience the third reason your ads may be failing is the messaging now this messaging goes beyond just the ad copy and creatives that you're using it can also determine your landing page success as well now we spoke a little bit about the difference between being problem aware and solution aware and your ads and your landing page need to still convey that message in order to hit the right people at the right time pain points are a big driver for people especially if they're already problem aware now we're hitting them with those pain points as to why they need your solution understanding the difference between the two will allow you to create ads that speak to the majority that you're trying to reach and ultimately have a better success in your messaging one of the biggest things that people end up doing is using the word you or you are in their ad copy now there's a whole school of thought on whether you should be using the word you in your copy whether facebook allows you to use it and the truth is you can use the word you however you should always look at limiting how many times you're using it in your copy or try to eliminate it all together u is kind of like pointing the finger u you you and pointing out flaws or issues that your audience is having and that is something facebook does not like and it's also a big reason why a lot of ads may fail in terms of success so really speak to the issues and the pain points and the solutions you're having without pointing that finger at someone can help you to create more successful ads and ultimately convert better on your offers and above all with everything you need to have patience and test multiple hooks and angles with your ads in order to see what is working for your audience and what is working for the offer you have at play it does you no good to throw up a single ad run it for 50 bucks and expect miracles to happen ads are still something that require a lot of patience and time and data in order to determine the best success for you so have a realistic goal in mind as to how long you want your ads to run how much data you need to collect before you can determine whether something is working or not working and be willing to pivot and adjust as the data is telling you what is happening below this video are a bunch of resources to help you along your ads journey and i do hope to see you on the next video you

  Top Comments:
  1. @-hl4bx: Yay!!
  2. @astrophiletrades: Thank you so much!

- Meta advertisers, we've got a TESTING problem. Here's the fix...: Kind: captions Language: en I bet you've run into this problem with your Meta ads. So you've created a bunch of new ads making sure to include creative diversity, which Meta tells us is really important nowadays. You put those ads into an ad set, and then Meta just spends all of your budget or nearly all of your budget on one [music] ad creative. That's a problem, and then in this video, I'm going to show you how to fix it. So now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out to most Meta ad accounts, we know that we need more ad creative and that we need more creative diversity. What we mean by that is different types of ad. Meta wants you to create ads using different ad formats like a static image versus video, for example. And then even within your video, they don't just want you to create variations of the same ad. They want you to create ads that have a different feel, a different style. So could be UGC, could be a testimonial base, could be a demonstration of your product or service, could be a founder-led video. So different things to help keep things fresh, but also to take advantage of what Andromeda is able to do, which is identify that for this prospect in your target audience, this type of ad is likely to perform best for them. With this other prospect, a different type of ad is likely to perform best if we put it in front of them. And Andromeda also allows uh Meta to put people through ad sequences. So maybe we start with a demonstration of how your product or service works, and then after that we use a a UGC-style ad to try and help get the conversion once they're already familiar with how it works uh to be able to sequence in that way. So a lot of advertisers are creating, say, 20 ads in an ad set, and that's something that we certainly recommend. And that all sounds good and does work well when Meta does actually distribute the budget across your different ad creative to be able to do those sorts of things, but that's obviously not happening when Meta is just putting all or nearly all of your budget into one ad or a couple of ads thinking, "Well, I'm not taking advantage of what Andromeda is able to do." And even more than that, even if that is your best performing ad, it does make sense in the short term for Meta to be putting all your ad spend into that one ad, it's going to fatigue. You are going to see that the performance of that ad inevitably drop off at some point as more and more of your audience have seen it, and they've either taken action on it or they just got used to it, and now they ignore it going forward. So you absolutely do need Meta to spend money on new ad creatives. Number of different ways that we can address that, and that's what I want to run through in this video. So how do we solve this problem? Well, I think there are four options, four potential solutions, and the one you choose will depend on your circumstances, the type of campaigns you're running. I'll run through what the the four options are and the criteria of when you do and don't want to use each, okay? So option number one, potential solution number one, is just to do nothing. Just to accept it, which might sound kind of weird given what I've just described about the issues around uh letting Meta spend all your budget on a one one ad creative or a couple of ad creatives. But I think there are scenarios where that is absolutely the best option. So firstly, if you've got a time-sensitive campaign, you're running a Black Friday sale or a Christmas sale or something seasonal, something that you know this campaign is going to come to an end in the short term in in in the near future, you don't really need to worry about that campaign, that ad fatiguing, performance dropping off over time, testing other ad creatives because the time frame just means actually you probably want to plow all your budget into the best-performing ad creative. It's a short-term thing, let's make the most of it. So in that scenario, I would most likely do nothing. Now, if this is a sale that you regularly run, like you say it's timely, but you know you're going to run it again in a few months and then again and then again, well, maybe in those scenarios it's more important to be able to test to work out to find ad creatives that can perform well in future iterations. Um so if you're in that scenario, then it'd be I'd be more open to some of the other options, some of the other solutions that we'll go through in a minute. But if you're running a short-term campaign, much less of a of a big deal, right? The other scenario would be if you've got a massive target audience and you're just really unlikely to fatigue for quite a long time. So how quickly do you need to jump on this? Well, if you're really niche, really small audience, you need to refresh your creative more often because you're going to get ad fatigue. Um you need to penetrate your audience more in terms of the percentage of people that notice your stuff. Different ad creative is going to speak to different people, so that really helps. But if you've got an enormous target audience and genuinely like you sell to most of the population, which some businesses do, well, again, this is much less of an issue. You're going to be able to run a campaign for much longer. Still probably going to run into issues in the long run, um but uh but that is a consideration. Also, if you're operating with a really small budget at the moment, absolutely fine to just have that have the budget be put into your best-performing creative. That'll get you the best results in the short run. That will allow you to scale, and as you scale, you may well find that Meta does distribute budget more across different ad creatives because you're spending more, looking to reach more people, Meta has more flexibility. Um and it'll also give you the the it's a reinforcing cycle, right? You get a good return on ad spend, you now have more money to invest in producing better creative, which is probably likely to lead to Meta splitting budget um across the board. Not all businesses are in that scenario, or at least they won't be in that scenario all the time. You might be at certain points and not others. But there are scenarios where you can just do nothing, and that might actually be the right way to go. Okay, so we'll get to the other options, the other potential solutions in a second, but first I want to quickly let you know about my Meta ads mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible results from your Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns. And included in my mentorship program is exclusive educational material that you won't find anywhere else. Unlimited one-to-one support, so you can literally ask us as many questions, send us messages, show us stuff within your ad account, anything that comes up, and we'll get back to you with tailored feedback and instructions for your specific circumstances. We also offer daily, multiple daily live calls and Q&As with both me and my expert team members. I've got team members that specialize in various areas of Meta ads. You can literally just jump on, ask them about uh how do I fix this, how do I improve this, and they'll be able to help you out as as will I. So if that sounds interesting, then go ahead and click on the link in the video description below. There you can book in a free call with one of my team members to find out more about my mentorship program, and hopefully me and you get a chance to work together directly [music] very soon. So option number two is to create a separate testing campaign. So we leave our ad creative that's getting all the spend, that's probably producing the best results, um in our existing campaign, what we'd often call our scaling or evergreen campaign. And then we would create a separate testing campaign where we put new ad creative in there, where we can control the budget, basically force Meta to spend budget on new ad creative um so that we can see how it performs, what cost per purchase does it actually generate, what cost per lead does it actually generate when we force Meta to spend on it, we can actually see and test. So when you do this, if you take this step, expect results to be worse in the short run. And that's actually true of most testing because most of the things you test, particularly if you already have stuff that's performing well, the new stuff you test won't perform as well as the existing stuff. So overall, you're going to see a drop in results. But that that con, that negative, may well be worth it if you go ahead and find, through maybe a few rounds of testing, some ad creative that can outperform your current best performers, and you can then introduce those into your scaling campaign, your evergreen campaign, and scale as the name suggests, and spend a lot more and acquire a lot more customers. So it's like a short-term hit to hopefully find some winners that can provide some real long-term gain, okay? Now, it's also not ideal to have the two campaigns running side by side. You want to be targeting the same people, everything else wants to be the same, but you're testing different creative to have a scaling and testing campaign. But again, I think the negative tivity of that can be overcome by the the wins, the potential big wins that you find from testing. It's almost like if you think about it, right, I'm willing to take a 10, 20% hit in the short run in order to potentially find an ad that performs 50% better than my current one, that allows me to spend three times as much profitably and acquire three times as many customers, grow my business, and etc. So when would we do this? When would we take this approach? Firstly, you need to have enough conversions to justify the two separate campaigns. If you don't have enough conversion volume for Meta to be able to learn properly, don't do this. So if you're generating less than 50 conversions per week, and what I mean by conversions, the conversion event you are optimizing for. So if you're optimizing for purchases as your performance goal, then that's the one that I'm talking about here, not just any conversions, right? If you're generating less than 50, don't do this. This is not the option you want to take. You want to take either the first one I do nothing or the one I'm about to get to um in a second. But if you are generating, you know, 100, 200 conversions a week or more, then absolutely fine to have the separate campaigns because Meta is going to be able to optimize those campaigns and learn with the the separate budgets. We also won't typically do this if it's a short-term campaign, like I already described. There's not much point in breaking out and testing if this thing's only going to run for a few days or even a couple of weeks, right? Okay, so option number three is to create new ads and introduce them into the same ad set. So instead of having a separate testing campaign, we're introducing them into the same ad set alongside the ones that are getting all the spend. You might want to turn off some of the ones that currently aren't getting any spend to sort of make space for them. And this is typically what Meta would recommend that we do if we if we run into this problem. Now, what I recommend if you do this is that you make sure that the new ads you create are quite different from the existing because if they're not different from the existing ones that are getting all the spend, if they're just small tweaks and variations like a different background color on an image or something like that, there's a good chance Meta won't really spend any money on these either, and then you just run into the into the same issues, right? You might also find that you need to do this multiple times in order for Meta to actually start spending some money on the new ads. If you introduce a a bunch of new creative into an ad set that's got a couple of winners and Meta keeps spending on the winners, most of the time Meta has basically analyzed your new stuff and gone, "We don't think this is going to perform better than the existing." Maybe they test it a little bit. Meta is sometimes wrong, hence why in there are scenarios where we have a separate testing campaign. But often they're not wrong. Often Meta is right. And I've seen a lot of advertisers create some new ads, introduce them into an ad set alongside winners, those ads not getting any spend, and they think, "Well, there's no point in this. I'm not going to bother producing any new stuff." That's often the wrong approach if you're going to go with this option. You want to keep going to try and find new creative that will outperform the the existing ads, and then Meta will analyze and go, "Oh, yeah, we think this is going to be a winner. We'll start putting some significant budget behind this." Also, obviously, as time goes on, this will become more and more important because you're going to run into ad fatigue with your with your existing winners. So, when would we take this option? Cuz obviously, it has similarities to the separate testing campaign. We would go with this option where we don't have enough conversion volume to justify the separate campaign where they can optimize properly. >> [snorts] >> So, if you're generating less than 50 conversions a week, you don't want to have another a separate campaign. Um this is just not going to be able to optimize properly, and neither is your current existing one going to be able to optimize fully. So, if you don't have enough of the conversion you're optimizing for, go with this option as opposed to the separate testing campaign. That might mean that testing takes longer. It might mean that less of your budget is spent on testing. but, I think that's the better overall scenario trying to balance different factors there, and you have to allow meta to optimize your campaigns properly. Um that's you know, without that, your campaigns are just not going to perform as well as they would otherwise. I'll get to option number four, which is not actually something I've talked about in a YouTube video before in a second. First, I want to quickly let you know about Hyros. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing element. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So, option number four, and a really good potential solution to this problem, is to use meta's inbuilt creative testing tool. So, let me show you how this works. I'm in an example ad account here. I'm in ads manager at the campaign window. I'm just going to go ahead and create a quick uh I'll use a leads campaign in this scenario. Um and then I'm going to jump to the ad level. And then when we scroll down, we've got this creative testing section underneath where you set up your your ad creative. So, you can see it says here, "Compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads." And if we click on set up test, then we get this window here. So, how many test ads do you want to create? We can between two and five. So, you don't just have to test, you know, ad A versus ad B. You can test more at once if you want. How much of your budget should go to test ads? Fairly self-explanatory. I've just created a quick dummy campaign, as you've seen. So, this has got a 25-pound uh daily budget. So, I can spend all of my campaign budget on this test if I want to, or only a percentage of it and and lower that down. How long should the test run? This is really important. 7 days is the default. I think that's a good starting point, but you can adjust this depending on conversion volume. So, if you're generating hundreds of conversions a day, you could really shrink this right down because you're going to find out really quickly. if you're generating a handful of conversions a week, then you're going to really need to extend this time frame because you don't want the test to finish and you go, "Actually, we don't have enough data to know how this is performing." But, for most businesses, you know, 7 days is is probably a decent starting point. And then this is really important. How do you want to compare performance? So, cost per engagement, no. That's what's recommended, but that's not what's really important to our business. We want to know how well does ad A perform versus ad B for our primary objective. So, that's most likely going to be cost per lead, cost per purchase, whatever it is that you really want. So, very importantly, change that. This is a lead campaign I just created, so I could go with um cost per lead as the example, right? Go ahead and click on that. And as you can see that now that I've selected cost per lead, we have this little warning warning pop up saying, "Since your durational budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated in the drop-down." Um what meta's basically hinting at there is that like, "Look, if you're only going to spend 25 a day over 7 days, we might not be able to work out which of of these ads you want to test um is going to know does this produce a better cost per lead versus this one?" We just You might not have spent enough. You might not have given this long enough to work that out. Um whereas they're pretty confident that on a cost per engagement basis, um meta will be able to work that out cuz obviously, engagements are a much more frequent action than leads are. So, in this scenario, we would probably want to either up the budget or up the number of days to run this test given that um warning that's that's popped up, and you may see something similar when you go through this process. And then once I click confirm, you'll see that over here on the left, we've got these new uh these test ads here, right? Um so, you'd obviously make sure that one of them had one ad creative, another one had a different ad creative, and we've kept everything else the same. So, we've isolated that creative variable. We can run this test and then see how the creatives perform. And like I said before, we could have up to five um going in this test, and that could be a really good way to find answers, force meta to spend money on new ad creative, and um and achieve some of the stuff that we're looking to achieve by testing different ad creative in terms of having the potential to find winners that can help us really scale our campaigns and significantly improve our performance. So, when would we use this option? When would we use meta's creative testing tool? It's often the best way to test. If we're going to have a separate testing campaign like I described earlier, we'll often use meta's creative testing tool uh to test ad creatives in that, and it has some advantages. So, firstly, you don't really need to worry about auction overlap because meta's going to properly divide your audience so that only group A see ad A and group B see ad B, etc., etc. Whereas if you just have different ads in different ad sets or different campaigns, then the delivery can all get a little bit messy. They can overlap, and you can run into issues. So, with the testing tool, you get a sort of neater, cleaner, more accurate test, and you can trust the results more as a result. And you can run a test, and then once you finish the test, um once that comes to an end, that time period comes to an end, delivery will just return to normal. So, the ad set can sort of go back to how it was um functioning previously. Sometimes meta will learn from the test, and they'll allocate budget differently. Um but, yeah. So, so quite an easy flexible tool to use. If you're using just the one campaign, you don't have the conversion volume to justify separate testing campaigns, uh things become a little bit more tricky when using the creative testing tool. So, uh a few few potential issues to watch out for, right? If you do lots of rounds of testing, it could quite easily become really difficult to manage. Like, doesn't feel like an issue at the beginning, but just I've been there, and you do enough rounds of testing, and you look kind of look at your one ad set, and you're like, "What? We've got this as a winner, and we've had these tests, and what on earth is going on here?" It could become really quite um quite complicated. The other thing is that we have seen that if you're running, say, two test ads alongside one with previous winner that's just been run as normal, and you said I want to allocate a proportion of the budget to the test, not all of it, it can negatively impact the existing winner, that the scaling ad. Uh whereas obviously, it's a separate campaign, you don't have to worry about that. So, so I'm not saying don't use the creative testing tool if you're just sticking with the one campaign cuz you don't have enough conversion volume to justify separate campaign, but there are just few things to watch out for that may well happen. And I think that if you are in that scenario, just don't look to test as much. Sort of choose your test wisely. Don't go crazy and and look to test everything. You want to be a little bit more selective with how often you test and and things like that. Whereas with the separate testing campaign, you can basically just just go for it. You don't have to worry about messing anything else up. So, we could talk about what's not a good solution. So, I talked about four potential options there, although a couple of them overlap. Obviously, you go with option four and option two at the same time. What's not a good solution that I've seen quite a few people do? I would not recommend that you turn off the best performing ad creatives um that are getting all the budget. I've seen a lot of advertisers do that, and they think, "Well, great. I'll turn that one off. I'll force budget to be spent on the other ones." What often happens when you do that is performance tanks because that was your best performing ad creative, and that's why meta's putting all the all the money behind it. Now, as we're talking about ad creative and delivery and the control you have over that as an advertiser, I need to mention meta's relatively new ad sequencing feature, which I go through in detail in this video here. Could be really really powerful for anything high ticket, for anything that people might not be super familiar with already, need to explain, and and sort of take them through that process. So, we've been experimenting with it, and a lot of advertisers have, and seeing some very interesting results. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this video a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Benji-Maann [3 likes]: no way you're using the Wii Mii menu music LMAO
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @Damian-he5qb [1 likes]: What about having 1 campaign with ad set budget, and 1 „Scale” ad set to put winners in + a separate ad set for each testing ad? 

For me it sounds better than option 3.
  4. @cyfrowiprzedsiebiorcy [1 likes]: For the store with multiple different categories (similar products but different target groups) do you recommend creating one CBO campaign for each category (product style) or should I do them all togheter in one CBO campaign?
  5. @abryan3228 [1 likes]: The problem that I ran is that I usually use messaging ads for my sales and it worked great except now when i select messaging apps my audience definition goes from what it use to be which is about 600k to 1mill now im seeing 6k to 16k it’s very frustrating
  6. @BlackravenarmouryUk: @BenHeath, that's interesting and surprises me that you create a new campaign rather than testing multiple ad sets, within the same campaign each with a different advert, but forcing Facebook to spend the same amount of money daily on each of these.

I just always found that this gives a more accurate view over a period of a few days in terms of which genuinely convert while using a level playing field or have I misunderstood your video?
  7. @djlightsout06: What about throwing your new ad you're trying to test in another ad set and setting a minimum spend for that ad set?
  8. @JamesVanDeuson-l3m: I can’t optimize for purchases or add to cart because my data is being blocked. Please help.
  9. @levibartoly2140: Hi Ben, I love your content! I would really appreciate it if you enabled automatic dubbing on YouTube for Brazilian Portuguese. It would definitely help and reach a larger Brazilian community. Best regards!
  10. @GuidezGuides: What are your thoughts on setting minimum/maximum ad set budgets in CBO campaigns? We launch our ads on a weekly basis in packs as new ad sets in the campaign, and sometimes those packs still end up not getting a fair chance, so we were contemplating using the min/max ad set spend amount controls available to us to help push along some initial spend temporarily.
  11. @TrinhLe-r7q: Very interesting. I am using your 1 adset 1 ad strategy. 

Here's the thing. if you then put it into a 'Scaling campaign', full of winners, isn't Meta going to prioritise the budget on the top 3 or 4 'winners' (say out of 10)? 

So why don't you just keep them as 1 ad set 1 ad, and then scale that in the same campaign?
  12. @trackingconsulting: This is exactly what I see with clients. Meta shows purchases, but misses refunds, cancellations, and delayed conversions. Ads optimize on the wrong revenue unless tracking is fixed properly. Server-side tracking changes everything.
  13. @GuaranteedPPC: Facebook's ad testing tool is moreso better for testing smaller changes to your ADs. Full blown formatting changes should always be tested separately, and long term as ROAS can significantly change over time with it.
  14. @Hydrohelium: There is a 5th option (The Dj Method- Flipping Switches) = turning off specific ads to force delivery.

I see that Meta are trying to replicate what TikTok can do with the new Andromeda algorithm, however in TikTok ads manager when you have 5-10 different creatives TikTok DOES actually deliver them quite evenly BEFORE it picks winners. 

On the flip side, when using the similar multi ad approach in Meta, I have notice on most occasions that Meta does in fact pick a “winner” much too early without really testing the other options (TikTok does not suffer from this issue).

So I use this “Dj Method” and start flipping switches to on/off - this may sound counter intuitive, but if I notice an ad has received nearly all the budget and it’s very early days, I then start switching all the ads off and leave only 1 ad to deliver. I then repeat this action ever 1-2 days (depending on budget) so that each ad has a bit of “pixel juice” 

Once I have “primed” all the ads individually, I then do turn all of them back on to run at the same time. And usually by now this solves the problem and ad spend/delivery is spread more evenly until an actual deserved winner/s have been identified.

Just my 2 cents…
  15. @AshishMehrotra: i think meta optimizes ads that get early engagement I have seven ads in one campaign only one gets sepnd when i test them seperately in abo  they all gave better roas than what meta is currently spending on ,
  16. @danielkelly8645: BEn quick question. I recently signed up to your mentorship program and have started this week with Robbie so looking forward to it. Also on this video regarding solution 4, So if we create 5 test ads, and the test runs, can you re-run the test ad again with 5 different creatives etc and is it possible to use this solution to test 10 ads at a time?
  17. @thefatcontroller6: For option 3, if you've got ads that are taking all the spend but have stopped performing, are we saying to keep adding in new and varied creative to the same ad set until you convince Meta something is better than the current ads that might be fatiguing? Why not different ad sets in the same campaign? Finding it very tough to convince Meta to consider new creative in the same ad set..
  18. @vickijoubert6863: Why has meta become so time consuming, complicated and expensive?  Smaller companies and individuals simply cannot afford to pay for20 ormore creatives that might or might not work. What is a better alternative to meta? Personally I think meta is a complete waste of time and money since the Andromeda update.
  19. @sawyernaturals: Thank you for all the great info, Ben! Once you find your winners, how do you add them to your established campaign and make sure they get good ad spend?
  20. @learning11-d3g: omg FINALLY SOMEONE DID A VIDEO ADDRESSING THIS!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you so much. I wanted to ask you low budget do you still recommend 20 creatives? small budget 200 to 300 a day.

- 10 Marketing Strategies Guaranteed to Grow ANY Business (PROVEN & PROFITABLE): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend. Adam here. And today I wanna walk you through 10 marketing tips and tactics and strategies, or rather give you a framework and a playbook that you can use to create marketing that works, that converts, that's profitable and helps you grow your business or any business you're working on. What this is going to help you do is essentially any time that you're sitting down and you're thinking of ways to generate new customers or more leads or make more sales or launch a new campaign, it's gonna give you a framework and a roadmap that you can follow from start all the way to finish to make sure that you're doing the right things in the right place for the right people, rather than just randomly guessing and hoping and praying that this might all just magically work, which let's be honest, isn't much better than gambling. And that makes no sense at all, especially when there is a far more proven and strategic path that you can follow, one that has been replicated thousands, if not tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of times, both for myself and for my clients over the past 10 years. And one that I know that if you follow and you work through what I'm about to share with you will have amazing and positive effects on your business and your marketing as well. So with that said, let's dive right in. Now what you're looking at right here is the original kind of brainchild behind all of this, just a mess of words and of thoughts and ideas all kind of tossed down on the paper, of course, in typical Adam fashion being slightly a bit of a perfectionist, still working on it. Anyway, I cleaned it up a little bit. I made a better and cleaner diagram for you and that's what I wanna walk you through here today. Essentially starting in the middle and then working our way out. See, the problem is when most people think about marketing, they think about business planning and strategy and things like that, they view it as this linear path like, I'm gonna do this and then I'm gonna do that, and then it's gonna be followed by this, when the reality is it's often a lot more of this kind of roller coaster ride. We're gonna try this, we're gonna get data and feedback, we're gonna look at the analytics and the metrics. We're gonna pivot and adjust accordingly. Then we're gonna go in this direction, then we're gonna move this. Then we're gonna base those decisions off everything we've just done and what worked and what didn't. And it continually evolves and you need to be able to evolve and adapt with it. All that said, there is a set of steps that you want to take. You don't want to just go out there and start posting on random social media accounts because then nothing's going to work, you're gonna get frustrated, you're gonna get burned out and then you might just give up on the whole thing altogether. And that's not good for you, it's not good for the people that you hope to serve. It's not good for anyone. So the very first thing that you need to do anytime your launching a new campaign, whether it's an existing business or you're thinking of starting a new business, is you need to start right in the center here with the offer. Now, I could make you struggle to understand my terrible handwriting like was mocked up the time before, but I've taken the efforts to go and let's see if this works, I don't have perforated paper, but that worked better than I thought, so here we are. Step number one is the offer. Now there's a bit of a debate in the marketing community about when it comes to starting a business, when it comes to growing an existing business, do you focus on the offer first or the target market? In other words, do you want to make something and then find people to sell it to or do you wanna find people that you can help and then make something to solve their problems? No one seems to agree on this, so we've got a solution. If you have a brand new business, you've never sold anything to anyone, you just have this idea in your mind, then typically you're better off thinking about the people that you seek to serve. Those are going to be people that you may have been one in the past or that you resonate with or that you're currently a member of the group, and the reason is because the better that you're able to understand your target markets and their pains and problems and fears and frustrations and all the things we're gonna talk about in just a minute, the better you're going to be able to position your product or your service or your offer as the solution to their pains and problems. On the flip side, if you already have an existing business, you've been in business for any length of time than the odds are good that you already have a number of different products or services or things that you're selling. So the key here is to be specific and strategic and selective and make sure that you're choosing the right offer with the best margins, that is the most fun to deliver, that has the highest potential for scalability, that's easy to sort of market and clearly describe. So to recap all of that, if you've got a new product or a new offer, something you're thinking of selling, do a little bit of market research, find the ideal segment of people that you can best serve and then make sure that there's a match there. If you already have an existing business, the odds are good that you've been selling something. So find out what it is about that makes it unique, and then find the best people that you can continue to serve by 80 20ing your existing customers. Essentially taking a look at the top 20% of your customers, what are their commonalities, their traits? What do they sort of have in common, where do they live? All of the things that we're gonna talk about in just a second when it comes to market. All right, so that is our offer and that's gonna form the core of everything that we do from this point on, everything is going to be an alignment with this offer. It's gonna be in service of this offer. Marketing is done and one single offer at a time. You may have a number of different things you can do or want to do, but that doesn't mean you wanna blast somebody with all of your different offers cuz it's going to lead to overwhelm and to confusion and to this sort of paralysis by analysis, not knowing what to do or how to do it and confused customers don't buy, so we start here. Okay, so now that you've got the offer in mind, the next thing that you need to do is move on to this section here, goals. Now here's the deal, when it comes to setting goals for your marketing, I'm not a stickler for making sure that you set exact specific measurable goals like we want to increase our cost of acquisition or decrease our cost of acquisition by 3% or increase our leads by 22.8%, but I do need you to have a north star, a guiding sort of area light to work towards to make sure that you are going on the right path rather than taking all of these completely irrelevant paths and ending up somewhere completely different that's not going to benefit you or your business or the people that you seek to serve. Good example here is that most business owners, most entrepreneurs, most marketers, sadly, they do marketing for the sake of marketing, they were told that, Hey, we need to do some marketing, we need to make some stuff. So they make some stuff and then they put it out there and unsurprisingly it doesn't resonate because it's just stuff, or they may have the wrong kind of goal, which is creating stuff for the sake of getting likes or comments or shares rather than building a community and increasing engagement with the right kind of people that will lead to leads that will lead to customers that will lead to sales and revenue and actual business growth. Now, fortunately, when it comes to setting goals, the end goal is normally pretty simple. I mean it's going to be an increase in sales or an increase in revenue, and then all you have to do is start to work your way backwards to assign relevant metrics and KPIs known as key performance indicators to make sure that everything's in alignment. For example, if you have a thousand dollars product to sell and you know that you sell it by phone and you close one in two sales, well now we figured out, well, we're gonna need two sales calls to make one sale, and then, okay, well how many leads do we need to generate in order to have those two sales calls? And then how many clicks do we need to get those leads? And you can start to work your way back and at least it gives you sort of a right direction to move towards. Okay, next up we are gonna draw the line, and this one is all about target market, target market, possibly the most important element in all of marketing. In fact, the word marketing, right? We've got market baked right into it. That's how important this is, they are the core, the central component of your entire campaign, the entire structure, everything you do is about your target market and what's in service to them, you see, the reality is that when it comes to marketing, the customer doesn't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood, and that's all about empathy, it's about awareness, it's about being able to put yourself in their shoes to view things from their perspective. See, the reason that a lot of marketing doesn't work, doesn't connect with the target market is because it's not relevant, it's not, it doesn't resonate with them. They don't understand how this would apply to them and so they just tune it out, good example here. If you've ever seen a commercial or a YouTube or a Facebook ad or any kind of ad or marketing material at all, and you've thought "This is really dumb, like seriously, this makes no sense, I don't even know what they're trying to sell." And if you do happen to figure out what they're trying to sell, you think "What a dumb product, who would ever buy that?" and here's the thing, the product, the service, whatever it is being sold might not be dumb and the ad might actually be really good, but you are not the target market. Now, sure, their targeting could be off. I don't know why you're seeing the ad that's not meant for you, sometimes these things happen, but the point of the matter is that as long as you're specific and relevant to the right kind of people, you will get them to take action. They will be inspired to want to get the solution to the problem that they have provided, that you've properly articulated this, that you've said the right words in the right way at the right time. On the other hand, if you water down your message by trying to appeal to everybody out there, it becomes very bland and very boring and very generic and then people just automatically tune it out and you know exactly what I'm talking about. Talking about the things or the ads, the marketing that says we provide better service or faster delivery or we're superior or whatever it is, first of all, these are not specific terms, they're very ambiguous. They could mean a lot of things to a lot of different people, second of all, pretty much everybody can say them, therefore everybody does say them, therefore they mean nothing. Anyway, I'm gonna dive into more of the specifics on that in just a second, but first, let's figure out your ideal target market, your ideal customer avatar, also sometimes known as an ICA. And to do that we break it down into three different categories, the first of which is their demographic details. These are the stereotypical things you think of when you think of marketing and think of a target market, so age, gender, income, occupation, titles, all of the things that are just like the generic customer avatar right there, then we have geographic details. What city, state, province, country, principality, municipality, neighborhood, where do they live basically. This is incredibly important because there's going to be cultural differences between not only different countries but also different cities and sometimes even different neighborhoods in different cities. And then of course you have the mother of all the psychographic details, what are their values, their attitudes, their lifestyles, their beliefs, what organizations are they a part of? Religious affiliations, political leanings, all of that stuff. All of the things that are not polite to talk about around the dinner table. Those are the things that you want to know. You want to get into their head and you want to know kind of like what do they really think about these things that we're not supposed to talk about. Now, I'm not suggesting you make all of your ads and all of your marketing directly call this stuff out, but it still is important to keep in the back of your mind when you're creating your marketing materials. What are these people going to like? What are they not going to like? What are they going to find offensive and what is going to be polarizing but in a good way that's gonna draw them in and really reject and repel everybody else that you just don't wanna deal with? After target market, well, of course we have to drill down into those psychographic details even more, and to do that we're going to sort of break apart, their miracles and miseries. Now, miracles miseries are things that I've coined that essentially make up the two different areas of your target market. They're miseries being their fears and problems and pains and frustrations and nightmares and all the things they're trying to get away from, and their miracles being all of their wants and dreams and goals and desires and aspirations and all the things that they're trying to move towards. Every person, every target market, every business has a way to appeal to someone's miseries as well as to their miracles. There's going to be different industries that lean one way more than another. There's going to be segments of the market that lean more one way or another, in other words, if you use messaging that help someone move away from pain, sometimes that's stronger, on the other hand, you have more aspirational language, helping someone achieve something and different markets are gonna benefit more from that. A decent mix of both is usually the best path. We don't want to constantly be negative and say, This is a horrible thing and you need to get it fixed and blah, blah, blah. Otherwise you come to come off as a Debbie Downer. On the other hand, if all your promising is rainbows and sunshine and unicorns and all the magical things in this world, while they're not gonna have any reason to take action if you don't sort of back that up with a little bit of pain, in other words, a solution without a problem is completely meaningless. You need to put the solution in context to an actual problem that they have. Now, here's where things get good. The miracles and miseries essentially form a gap A gap between where they're at right now with all of the bad stuff going on and where they want to be with all of the good stuff that they'd like to have. And it's your marketing's job to help them bridge that gap away from miseries and towards miracles and the better you're able to communicate that and show how if you do these things, if you acquire this product, if you use this service, if you take me up on this offer, you're going to be able to have it. Well, the better you're able to clearly communicate that, the better all of your marketing and all of your sales are going to be, all right, moving on. Next up, we have present and active. Now, this one is a bit of a pet peeve of mine. I've got a few different marketing pet peeves, one of which is when I ask someone who their target market is and they say everyone or everyone in the world or people with money, and of course as we've already covered, you can't be that broad, otherwise you end up with completely boring and bland and irrelevant messages. The other pet peeve I have is when people, business owners, entrepreneurs, marketers occasionally hear about a new platform or a new social media channel or a new marketing opportunity and they dive right in without doing all of the things that we've just covered, all of the more important things that need to happen first, identifying the model, figuring out the target market, working out their miracles and miseries and all of those details. Instead, they just dive headfirst into this new platform and make a bunch of stuff, nothing works, and then they swear off the platform for good. Well, unsurprisingly the reason this doesn't work for most people most of the tim e is because this may be the completely wrong platform for you, for your business. Your people might not even be there, your marketing than what I call the marketing wasteland an area that is completely devoid of potential prospects and customers and leads for your business. Much better alternative to identify your ideal target market, figure out their demographic details like age, gender, income, occupation, and then match it up with what social media platforms appeal to that demographic,. Fortunately, this is not secret knowledge. All you have to do is head over to Google and type in social media demographics. So get a long list of different resources and it'll start linking up men between the ages of this and this are on this platform and women between the ages of this and this are on this platform and this platform appeals to these kind of people, it changes all the time, but there are a few pretty safe bets. For example, if you're in the business to business community, you're selling to other businesses, LinkedIn is kind of a staple. If you're serving a demographic that's 35 or 40 and older, Facebook is still probably your best bet. If on the other hand most of your customers are 35, 30, 25 perhaps we're looking at Instagram, TikTok being the new kid on block does skew younger, but like all social media platforms, all platforms in general, it is aging up and doing so relatively quickly. So you can find people there, twenties, thirties, forties, fifties, and it's continuing age up. Twitter still skews slightly younger and a little more urban, Pinterest still primarily women. YouTube does tend to be kind of neutral territory for all people looking for all things. There's a kicker that you need to make video content of course, more on that in a minute. And then of course there's others that are popular in different countries, different Reddit forums, different WhatsApp groups, Snapchat. If your demographic is much younger, lots of options, too many options, that's why people get confused. See all these options, they think they need to be on all of them. The reality is you're much better off to choose the one or maybe two different platforms where your ideal target market is present and active and then go there ignoring everything else. So let's draw our line and move on. So now that we've figured all that out, the next thing that we need to do is we've gotta figure out what kind of content are we going to make and that leads us to content type. Now what I'm gonna suggest here is that we need to establish a content type that you're going to start with. This may ultimately be or not be where you end up. We're gonna talk about that more in a minute as well. Lots of cliff hangers and open loops in this video. So keep watching, the point is though, is that there is a lot to unpack and where we're gonna start is going to be different than where we end up because I'm gonna give you a couple different options, but some are significantly superior to others. So here's what you've got, you've got text based content, you've got audio content and you've got video content. Arguably, you also have some kind of visual graphical content like infographics and visual diagrams and things like that, but typically they're paired with one of the other kinds of content, you also have different lengths of content, short form and long form content. My suggestion is that pretty much every business out there needs one form of long form content and then you can do whatever short form content you like to feed into it. So long form content for text is obviously a blog. Long form, content for audio is a podcast and long form content for video would be YouTube. Short form content though we're talking about short tweets, we're talking about short captions for Instagram, we're talking about Facebook posts, we're talking about LinkedIn posts, anything like that for text, audio is a little trickier. We're still kind of looking at mostly podcasts, possibly shorter ones. We're taking clips and adding video elements to them. And then short form video is kind of the rage right now. Short form, vertical video. We're looking at Instagram reels, we're looking at YouTube shorts, we're looking at TikTok. So if you don't mind writing, you can start with text if you don't mind speaking, you can do audio. And if you don't mind doing video or getting in front of a camera, finding someone that's willing to get in front of a camera video is by far the best one, but again, we'll talk about that in a minute. So we'll get our arrow there and then let's do our next one, which is mandatory marketing, no exceptions, every business needs to use this, it's email. Yeah, I know. Hoping for something a little sexier myself. But the fact is that email works, it works just as well now if not better than it ever has before because everybody uses email, I use email, you use email, your customers, use email, your doctor, your accountant, your lawyer, everybody that you know has an email address. Not everybody has a social media account. Not everybody accepts SMS or text message marketing or even appreciates it, direct mail, still phenomenally effective, but it's hard to find curated lists, especially for cost effective prices and it's a slightly more advanced and complicated marketing strategy that I wouldn't suggest starting out with, but everybody has email. A bit of a fun fact here, but when I'm working with a brand new business, I'm doing any kind of consulting or teaching, one of the very first things I do, if not the first thing I do is take a look at their overall email marketing strategy strategy. If they don't have a good one, we'll install one. If they have one that's working, okay, we'll upgrade it. And I kid you not, every single time we're able to make substantial and significant increases in profitability, in customer retention, in the number of sales made, it's as close to a magic bullet as we have. So where do you even get started, well, the very first thing you need is some kind of a lead magnet, also known as a bribe or a freebie or a content upgrade. Essentially something that you can give away in exchange for a customer's email address so that they're actually enticed to join your list. I have an example of this that you can check out in the descriptions below or by visiting adamErhart.com/cheatsheet. This is my version of a freebie, of an opt-in guide to get onto the list, alternatively, you can offer your more supportive, more loyal customers and people that are interested in your business, a way to join your newsletter directly kind of bypassing the freebie, which does tend to attract a more loyal subscriber, but your conversion rates are going to be lower cuz you're not necessarily offering something of immediate value in return. For an example of this, you can visit adamErhart.com/newsletter, from there, you need to decide on your email frequency, how often you're going to be emailing your list, whether it's once a week or three times a week. Some people email daily, I've done it in the past. I've kind of found a sweet spot around three to four times a week. Once a week is like your bare minimum. Once every two weeks is unacceptable, once a month, and I don't even know why you have an email list. I mean seriously, let's just run the math for a second. If an email open rate is say 30% for your list and you're emailing once a month, well, it could be months before anybody sees you. And then when they finally do get your email, they've forgotten who you are, so they're likely to A unsubscribe or B, worse mark it is spam and just delete the whole thing. Also, depending on which statistic or study you read, marketing via email has been reported to provide somewhere between a 3800% and 4400% ROI or return on investment. I don't know if my numbers are right around there, but they wouldn't be too far off, it's that good. Long story, short email gotta do it. Okay, moving on to the next one. Essentially, once you've got some of these pieces in place, it's time to start putting things together and that comes in the form of a marketing funnel, also known as a sales funnel, also known as a customer journey or just a funnel. Aptly named because it kind of looks like a funnel with a whole bunch of people coming in at the top and then kind of getting sorted out as they go through the bottom with fewer customers coming out the bottom. And this is a reminder that most won't. I first heard this from Frank Kern who said, most won't. In other words, most people won't click, most people won't subscribe, most people won't buy. And you need to factor that into your marketing and plan accordingly. This is totally okay because most won't but enough will provided you do things, right. Now, what a marketing funnel is really about is mapping out the customer journey, Taking someone who has no idea who you are and walking them through all of the steps in order to become a lifelong and loyal customer, a brand ambassador, someone that loves you, loves what you do, wants to tell everyone about just how great you are, and you are pretty great. Now, the opposite of having a marketing funnel is just having nothing. I don't know what the opposite of a funnel would be. Like a like a plate. You just pour stuff on it splashes everywhere. Sadly, most people have marketing plates, in other words, they just take all of the traffic and all of the leads and they just dump 'em somewhere typically on their homepage, meaning that someone shows up at your website's homepage, they have no idea what they're doing, they don't know where to go. They might click the contact button, but there's a weird form and they don't know if they want to do that yet cuz they just met you and it's kind of pushy. Let's slow down here. So they kind of skirt around a little bit and then they bounce, which is marketer term for leave and never come back. Again depending on what statistic you use. The vast majority of visitors to a website that click the back button never return, somewhere around the range of 98 to 99%. "Where are they going?" You might ask. And let me tell you, they're going to your competitors that actually have a funnel, something that says, "Hey, you're new here. Let's start here, let me give you this thing. Let me nurture you and provide you some value. Let me follow up, see if you have any questions, and let me continue offering you the next step in the process in order to becoming a customer." Now, the best advice that I can offer in a short period of time when it comes to mapping your marketing funnel is to start at the end like we did with your goals and then reverse engineer the process, so in other words, for someone to make a sale, well, what needs to happen before that? Maybe it's visit a sales page, okay, well, what needs to happen before they visit a sales page? It's like, okay, well they need to click a link. Okay, well, what needs to happen for them to click a link? Are they getting it through content or through email? And then if they got on your email, how are they getting on your email? And essentially you can just work your way backwards through the process, and then once it's all mapped out, that's where things get really exciting. Yeah, kind of nerdy about this stuff because once it's mapped out, now you can start looking for gaps, for leaks in your funnel. You can start finding areas where you're losing people through some random mistake or messaging that just doesn't quite line up, for example, if everybody's clicking over to your sales page but nobody's opting in or nobody's buying, well, now we know we have a conversion issue on the sales page, on the other hand, if people are joining your email list but then never opening any of your emails, well, now we know we have an issue with congruence between what was promised and what's being delivered, or perhaps we're just collecting bad emails. Or if we map it all the way out and we get to the sales call and we realize that we're only closing one in four or one in five when we should be closing one in three or one in two, well now we know we can start looking at that and we can look at all of the steps up to it. And was there a congruence issue, again, were there pricing expectations? Were there other objections and sales issues that we could have overcome in our marketing prior? What's really cool about this is that we make a small tweak over here and we increase conversions by 2% and we increase that one by 3% and that one by 1%, well, it's not like we're adding these things up just one after another, they compound. So an increase by 3% here could lead to 10 or 20 or 30 more sales, which could then lead to thousands or tens of thousands or even millions more dollars in revenue at the end. Speaking of revenue, next step here after our funnel is CLV, which stands for Customer Lifetime Value, sometimes referred to as LTV for Lifetime Value or LCV for Lifetime Customer Value, whatever it is, it's pretty much all the same thing, which what is the value of a customer to your business over their lifetime period? Now, some people look at this in revenue, some people look at it in profit. I typically like to look at it in profit, but it depends on the formula that we're looking at. The point is, if you've never done this before, this is an incredibly powerful exercise to run through to figure out just how valuable someone is to your business. And I'm willing to bet regardless of what business or market or industry you're in, it's significantly higher than you thought, which means that you now have permission to do significantly more marketing and invest in significantly more content because you know just how profitable and how valuable new customers and new clients and new sales are for your business, so that's step one, figure out what is your CLV, after that, you need to find ways to encourage and increase retention. The number of clients and customers that you're going to keep, the length of time that you're going to keep them, and then finding other ways to increase that Customer Lifetime Value, either by selling them more things, by selling them more things more often, by increasing the price, by providing upsells and down sales and cross sales, essentially other ways and other opportunities to solve problems that they have. And that's an important point to make here. What we're doing with our marketing and with our offers is we're solving problems that they have and when we solve a big enough problem, we're rewarded in direct proportion to the value of the problem we solve. This is why some people make a whole lot of money. It's because they solve big problems and some people struggle to make any money at all because they're just not solving enough problems for enough people, or they're not solving big enough problems for enough people, okay, so that is CLV, and what you may notice is that is kind of the final ring of our concentric expanding circles, right, moving all the way out, but we still have one left. And the reason that I almost didn't want to give it a ring of its own, but rather have it sort of circle the whole thing is because especially today, especially now in moving into the future, it's so important that it almost needs to overlap and encompass everything else that we're doing. This is going to support all of the marketing of your offer. It's going to help move you to towards your goals faster than you ever thought. It's appealing to every target market. More people consume this kind of content than anything else. Basically checks the box for being able to clearly articulate miracles and miseries, it works with almost every single platform, which means we can put it in front of people and where they're present and active online, it's the best content type, we can embed it in email, it works as part of the funnel, so on and so forth. Probably no surprise here that the final piece of the puzzle is video. Essentially, the big question that you want to ask yourself here is how can you supercharge everything you're doing with a video marketing strategy? Now, clearly for long form video. Youtube is the best place to do it, that said, I appreciate that if you've never done video marketing before, if you are just getting started, you're not comfortable in front of a camera. That's a pretty big ask. So we can put that on the back burner for now, and there are a lot smaller and somewhat still very effective steps that you can take leading up to this inevitable conclusion. Number one, start with stories. Grab your phone, look into it, hit record. Go live for like 15 or 30 seconds and share some kind of valuable tip or insight or story or something that's going on, very low barrier, no editing required. Raw and authentic will beat overly produced and polished every single day of the week. If you feel like taking it up a step further, do more of them once, twice, three, four times even a day isn't a bad strategy. You can do them on Instagram, you can do them on Facebook, you can do them on a number of different platforms as well, depending on subscriber counts and what rules are coming and going. But stories are a great way to sort of dip your toes into the water and get started. Next If you're willing to take it that next step further, and you want to capitalize on all of the available organic reach right now, short form vertical content is still going to be your best bet. These are things like Instagram reels and TikTok and YouTube shorts. The length of these varies, different platforms tend to have preferences for different length videos, but typically we're looking at 15 to 30 seconds, 30 to 60 seconds, somewhere around that range. So what's something that you can talk about for 30 to 60 seconds? I'm willing to bet that if you've been in business for any length of time or you have any sort of passion or interest in what you're doing, there's a lot of stuff that you could share that other people would be interested in hearing about, of course, if you really want to dominate your space, become the leader in your industry, then YouTube is clearly going to be the winner here for longform video content, so don't be afraid to test it out. Upload a few bad videos at first, I mean, the beauty of just getting started is nobody's really around to watch your stuff, so you get a chance to sort of practice and experiment a little bit without all the judgment of the internet. Looking back on my first videos, they were awkward and incredibly sweaty, and I was super nervous and I didn't know how to use a camera, so it's kind of blurry, and I didn't know how to use a microphone, so it only came outta one side, yeah, it was, it was rough. But the point is that practice does make progress and you've gotta start somewhere in order to get better, all that said, there are still seven more tactics and strategies and tricks and hacks that I didn't have a chance to get to in this video. So that's why I've linked up a video right here with seven of the most proven and effective marketing strategies for you to take a look at right now. So make sure to hop in there and I'll see you in the next video. Understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today, will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it, get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [84 likes]: ⚡ Start Your Extended 30-Day HighLevel Trial
Get the exact system, templates & automations I use:
https://adamerhart.co/3MYeRMM

👉 Want the full AI Agency setup?
Free course + $8,273 in bonuses:
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2
  2. @granny132ooz [14 likes]: most of these methods are inside those 2 gems I read. first is the sales page effect - tom gvinadi, and second one is 1m offer - alex hormozi.
  3. @PhelistersNyahiri [2 likes]: Glad i learned something….Hope to expand more using these strategies
  4. @MarkOhlendorf [1 likes]: Very good ❤🎉
  5. @shyannrobertson3570 [1 likes]: I do car freshener
  6. @MoneyPuppyPenny: the thing that took me the longest to learn is the thing nobody talks about publicly
  7. @createwithjolie: 🙌🙌
  8. @shraddha_koli: 🔥 this one got that okay fine just one more replay energy 😭🔥
  9. @HWL_tech_mods: this was edited in a way that never let the energy drop 😭 every cut actually matched the vibe instead of feeling random, which made it way more satisfying to watch
  10. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  11. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  12. @WebsiteRanking-y8y: This is absolutely fantastic ❤🎉
  13. @JeddManzo: Hi I'm so thankful for this video I'm trying to start an online shop
  14. @unseenhours26: Well I wanna help a business grow but I am just new to all this. It's a small sweets business, and it is decent but I'd like to see it grow and earn more money. Got any tips what I should do?
  15. @nills2gills811: Best A to Z video. If you wrote a book I would buy it
  16. @ahmedbilal8079: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  17. @Wolf-RüdigerKotte: This one was really usefull for me
  18. @BrendaMukami-q2h: You have summarized what I have been learning for 4 years.. I really love your work
  19. @VAPromo-agency: Looks like the recap of the fundamentals of marketing 😳
  20. @minecraftmontages4460: I recently started a bin cleaning business called “bin bath cleaning” and this video really helped appreciate it

- 17 Guerrilla Marketing Tactics For Entrepreneurs (PROVEN & EFFECTIVE)): Kind: captions Language: en - In today's episode, I'm giving you 17 of my absolute best guerrilla marketing tactics for entrepreneurs. These are proven, effective, tried and true methods that you can use for all stages of business. So if you wanna generate more leads, customers and sales for your business, this video is for you. (upbeat music) - Hi there my name is Adam Erhart, a modern marketing strategist, and welcome to The Modern Marketing Show, where we help you grow your business by making way better marketing. On this channel, we cover the most proven and effective marketing strategies available today. So if that's something you're into, you may want to consider subscribing and hitting that notification bell. All right, let's talk guerrilla marketing tactics. Essentially, these are things that are innovative, slightly unconventional, and definitely low cost. And they're all gonna be aimed at getting you maximum exposure for your brand, your business, your product, or your service. And while in this video, we're gonna cover 17 of my absolute best guerrilla marketing tactics, things that are actually practical, things that you can actually do, and things that you actually want to do, that aren't going to damage your brand or your reputation, or your spirit. After all things like cold calling, and door knocking may work but their soul sucking and make you feel terrible. And let's be honest, they actually don't work that well. So when it comes to guerrilla marketing, it's really about just as much the things that you don't do, as well as the strategies that you are going to deploy. That's why we're not gonna be spending a fortune here on TV ads, or radio ads, or newspaper ads. We're not gonna be spending thousands or 10s of thousands of dollars on a new website. And we're definitely not gonna be focusing on things like vanity metrics, those likes, comments and shares that make you feel good, but really don't do anything to drive your business forward. On the other hand, we're going to be covering 17 proven and effective things that I've actually used in my business, things that I recommend to my clients, especially when they're just getting started, and things that you can actually go out there and deploy yourself today. All right, so with all that said, let's dive right into the good stuff with O2O2O, also commonly referred to as O-T-O-T-O. And what this basically stands for is, online to offline to online, or we can switch it around and go offline to online to offline. Now, this might sound like a little more conventional and a little more traditional advertising, certainly not a guerrilla tactic. But stick with me, because the beauty of this methodology is what we're gonna be doing is essentially covering the entire customer journey, but doing it with only a very select segment of our customer audience, which is going to keep costs way low, and definitely under control. So here's how an OTOTO strategy works. Basically, the first step is we've got to get people to our website, by any means possible. And we're gonna to cover 16 different ways to do that coming right up, so stick with me. But step one is getting people to our website, because if we can get them to our website, and we can capture that lead, either their name and the email, and ideally their mailing address, by giving them some kind of low-cost or entry level offer, like a free plus shipping, or possibly a book or anything that we can really collect a mailing address. Because what we're gonna do here, is we're gonna collect these leads, we're then going to be able to mail them something hard copy, and then we can also re-target them online after that. I know it sounds confusing, but here's how this really plays out, and why it's truly effective. You see, by first collecting traffic and leads to your website, this can be done really effectively and really cost effectively, especially using the rest of the strategies we're gonna be talking about. So we get people to our website, and then we collect some kind of mailing information from them, by giving them something in exchange, whether it's that book or a newsletter, or something to get that mailing address. Now the beauty here is we've got a very targeted list of potential prospects, that we can then mail something to. We're not gonna be doing a massive direct mail campaign, and mailing out to 50,000 or 100,000 people. Rather, we may just be mailing 20, or 50, or maybe even 100 people, a very selective people who've clearly indicated an interest in your business. Now from this mailing, you can include a link to a free training or another free download, and get them back online. This is also going to open up all sorts of different retargeting options, but we can talk about all that later. Now the reason I've put OTOTO at the top of the list, and number one, is because it's a strategy that so few people are using. And yet it's so incredibly effective, because you're increasing touch points with your customers, across a wide variety of channels, which again, limits your costs and really limits your risk because you're not putting all your eggs in one basket. All right, and that brings us to guerrilla marketing tactic number two, video marketing. Now, again, there is a bit of an overlap here, depending on how you're structuring your video marketing. Of course, if we're going to do a fully produced video, or going to a studio, that's not guerrilla marketing. That's definitely more conventional. But if we're shooting kind of guerilla style videos, with our cell phones, or maybe with a cheap handheld camera, well, these can be really good live action, case study in the trenches type videos that really build a connection and a lot more trust and authenticity with your customers. The beauty is video can be done incredibly cost effectively. After all, you're probably watching this either on your phone, which has a camera or on your laptop which also has a camera. So we're pretty much already covered gear wise. Next, this video can be laser targeted using advertising like Facebook, or Instagram or even YouTube. Or it can be run as a live stream, which means that you're gonna go live just like we would on live TV, only this way is free. And of course you have natural organic video, which means you can simply take a video and then upload it to your personal Facebook page, or business Facebook page or personal YouTube channel, your business YouTube channel, your personal Instagram account, you get the picture. The way I'm advocating using video marketing as a guerrilla tactic here, is really just to get out there, and get that content made. But make sure that you're the one on camera, pitching your message and connecting with your audience. Now my next guerrilla marketing tactic that I really wanna suggest you deploy, is a spin on traditional advertising, but essentially stringing traditional Ads together, in the form of a story sequence. Here's what I mean. Let's take for example, some of the video marketing that you just shot in the previous tip. You've got your cell phone, you're out there, you're talking to potential customers, you're sharing some value and giving some insights on what you do and how it benefits people. Well, what you can do is you can take this first video and you can put it out there to your target market, and from there, you can re-target meaning, you can take a percentage of the people who've watched part of that video, and show them the next Ad or the next video, but only if they've watched that first one, or a section of it. So basically, you put your video to 100 people, let's say 50 people watch half of it. Well, then you're going to show the next part of the story to that 50%. And again, you do it again and again and again further and further down the funnel. Now what makes this such a guerilla marketing tactic, is that all we really need to do is create that one first ad that gets attention and makes people aware of us, and draws them in. And then from there, every subsequent step further down the funnel becomes cheaper and more effective as you continue to build trust, and continue to build rapport. Now the beauty of the technology side of this, is it's incredibly easy to implement. It's a little trickier on Facebook, because you need to create all sorts of different audiences, and make sure they're structured right. But on YouTube, all you need to really do is upload what videos you want to appear, in what sequence and it takes care of the rest. This strategy can also be done for only a few bucks a day. So it's definitely cost effective, certainly worth trying. And that leads us perfectly into guerrilla marketing tactic number four, omnipresence. Now, one thing that I hear all the time is, "Adam, I see you everywhere." And this really just comes down to my retargeting strategy. Meaning once I've gotten people to the website, I can then re target them across Facebook, across the Google display network, across YouTube, across Instagram, and essentially appear for pennies on the dollar, because I'm dealing with a much smaller audience. You see, that's the reason that something like a Super Bowl TV ad is so expensive. It's because so many people are going to be watching, and you're reaching just millions of different people. Well, we don't wanna reach millions of people, nor do we need to. All we really wanna do is reach people who are potential customers, and who've already shown an interest in our business. And that's the power of retargeting. Basically taking an audience of people who've engaged with you in some way shape or form, and then showing your content to them and only them. And when you do it strategically and pick the channels that you wanna appear on, which when it comes to retargeting, my advice is more the merrier. Well, you're able to show up again and again and again. And as consumers, we've been kind of conditioned to associate frequency with trust. So, the more that you appear in front of someone, the more likely they are to trust you, the more likely they are to do business with you. All right, guerrilla marketing tip number five is to have some kind of promotional item. Now promotional items, they sound a little cheesy, and they're probably one of the more corny things on this list, but they're also incredibly effective. So what is it? Well, something like a T-shirt, or a coffee mug, or a water bottle, or a cell phone case, something that's branded with your company, that you can give away or add on, or basically use as some kind of promotion. Now my advice if you're just getting started here, is in our research and pretty much across the statistics, we've seen that T-shirts are one of the most desirable and they're definitely one of the easiest things to have produced. So if you don't know what kind of promotional item to create at first, definitely start there. The beauty is there's a number of online T-shirt manufacturers who will go and put your logo or your message or your branding across pretty much any T-shirt, and allow you to sell it. Which means you can either give it away, or you can sell it and make a profit. All right and our next tip is to use lumpy mail. Now, you may have heard of lumpy mail before. Essentially all it is is some kind of package that's actually physically tangible and thicker than a traditional letter. Now, I don't need to speak only from experience when I tell you how much I enjoy getting packages in the mail, because the statistics show that even younger generations, still like receiving tangible direct mail. The key here is this is definitely more a B2B, or business to business strategy. Meaning, you're not gonna want to send lumpy mail to millions of different prospects or it's definitely not guerrilla marketing, because it's gonna cost you a fortune. But if you can hand pick 10, 20, maybe even 50 ideal prospects or customers, people that you really wanna do business with, well, sending them a physical package in the mail, is a great way to get noticed and get attention. Now you can do the cheesy, kind of corny thing and send them some kind of gimmick or you could do something like, I recommend which is simply to send them a book and maybe highlight a few sections that you thought might be relevant or interesting to them. The next guerrilla marketing tactic that I really wanna to talk about is some kind of printed material, whether it's a simple lead magnet, or something a little more robust like an actual printed book or handbook. You see, there's something incredibly powerful about having a printed word that you can actually go out and give to someone. This kind of works a line with lumpy mail, but we want to really reserve this printed material for our potential prospects, or people that we can actually go and meet in person. So we have something to leave them with. Think of it as kind of an updated or more modern business card. Now I can already hear some of you saying, "I hate writing, "I'm not a writer, I'm definitely not gonna write a book." And that's totally cool. There's a number of different options available, depending on what budget you're working with. Obviously, the cheapest option and seeing we're making a video about kind of cheap marketing options considering guerrilla marketing tactics, well, the cheapest option is definitely to just sit down and try to crank it out yourself. Write the best you can and you can find a freelance or outsource to some kind of editor to help polish it up a bit. The more expensive option definitely the quickest one as well, is to hire a ghostwriter, which is someone that can take your words and your stories, and translate that into an actual physical book, that you can then call your own. Now you don't need to write 30,000 or 40,000 or 50,000 pages here. In fact, you could even start with a small handbook or a guidebook or a playbook. Just make sure that it's professionally packaged, and it looks really nice and you'll be good to go. The next guerilla marketing tactic I wanna share with you is something that I've never done, but I have heard that it's one of the most effective forms of local advertising available today. And that's a car wrap. Well, essentially what you're doing is you're wrapping your car or getting it designed, so that your whole car or truck or van or whatever you drive becomes an advertising in and of itself. Now, I've never done this myself, as I've just said, but I do see how it can be a valuable tool, especially if it's done well, and especially if it's done creatively. The only caveat here is if you drive like a crazy person, in which case, don't do that. There's nobody knows who you are. All right so the next guerrilla marketing tactic I wanna to share with you is one that has proven incredibly effective, is also very cheap to do and makes a meaningful and powerful impact, and that is handwritten notes. Now, sounds really simple to just write out a handwritten note and mail it to somebody or give it to somebody. But there's something really powerful, about the act of actually handwriting something, especially in today's economy where we're emailing, and we're texting and everything gets printed, and very little gets handwritten. Now, even if your handwriting is as terrible as mine, I still recommend trying your best to write out a nice, simple and clean handwritten note. Mine's often illegible, but I often take a second really step back, take a few deep breaths, and do my best to make it look as nice as possible. Because the impact and the rewards that you get in forms of connection and appreciation, and really showing someone gratitude, well, the rewards are well worth the effort. If you're looking for someone who's definitely leveraged the power of handwritten notes and talks all about them, I recommend the book Bluefishing by Steve Sims, I'll make sure to link it up in the descriptions below. Steve is a great guy, and he's got some really cool stories. So definitely check out the book if you haven't before. All right, so our next is a great and totally free way to get massive exposure on some pretty big name sites. And that is HARO, or help a reporter out. Essentially what HARO does, is that it links up reporters who are looking for experts or information or kind of news or content that they can add to their articles. And it links them up with experts just like you, who knows something about a certain topic. How it works is really simple. Basically, you subscribe by putting in your email, which is totally free, they'll send you a list of different articles or different topics that reporters are looking for. And then you write to the reporter and let them know, "Yeah, I'm interested, "I've got this content to share, I've got this story, "I can find this for you," whatever it is. And in return, when they use your content, you get to be featured on magazines like Forbes, or the Huffington Post, or Entrepreneur, whatever is relevant to your niche. If you're working with a low budget, or you're just getting started and you you want that publicity, this is a great place to start. Now my next guerilla marketing tactic is less of a marketing and more about accepting the marketing, and really kind of facilitating all the leads that you've been generating up until now. And that's by having multiple contact methods. You see, your goal as a marketer or business owner or entrepreneur, is to really smooth things out and to remove any friction from someone trying to give you money. And one of the biggest ways that I see businesses totally mess this up, is by making it really hard to contact them. So my advice here is to make sure that you've got multiple contact methods. Meaning, someone can send you an email, they can call you on the phone, they might be able to message you through a app on your website, or they could send you a message through your Facebook page, or an Instagram DM. Whatever it is, make sure that you've got multiple contact points, because each one of your customers is going to have a preferred method of communication, and you wanna make it as smooth and easy for them as possible. All right, so the next we have to talk about is press releases. Now, this is pretty old school, but the beauty of the press release is that most of the time, they're free. You see much in the same way that HERO hooks up reporters with experts in order to get content for their stories, well, newspapers also need content for their newspapers. So if you can submit a press release about something that's going on in your business, or something that's going on that might be relevant to them and to their audience. Well, they'll often print it and distribute it to all of their readers for absolutely free. Now, this press release strategy isn't just limited to the newspaper. Also applies to TV, and probably even more so to radio. After all, creating audio content is a whole lot easier. The key here is to make that initial contact and make sure that you've got something newsworthy going on in your business. Also, you'd be surprised how low the bar is for what's considered newsworthy. So just do something interesting or valuable, and they'll pick up the story with a little help of course. The next tactic we're going to talk about here, is free trainings, which is essentially putting on educational, mini seminars or mini trainings for your local area area, in the area of your expertise. For example, let's say you're a photographer. Well, you could put on an evening seminar and teach people how to switch from auto on their camera to manual. Or if you happen to be a dog trainer, you could put on a weekend seminar on how to train your puppy or the first eight weeks with your puppy at home. If you're an engineer, you could teach people how to build a bridge or a skyscraper. No, don't do that one, I can only imagine the liability issues, but you get the point. Basically, emphasize your expertise and teach people how to do what you do. Obviously, don't give them the entire system, but give them the first few steps and then let them know where they can learn the rest, which is obviously from you. guerilla marketing tactic is the giveaway contest. But there's a couple nuances here that can really prevent you from getting burned and actually make an effective. First off the reason giveaway contest work is kind of self evident. And people like getting free stuff. Where so many businesses get burned, is they give away things that are irrelevant to their target market, or the appeal to a broad mass market. For example, you're well, we'll use the photography example again. Let's say you're a photographer, and you're giving away a free iPad. The problem here is that you're gonna attract a lot of people who aren't photographers, because who doesn't want a free iPad. On the other hand, if you were to give away a lens or lens cleaning solution or something camera related, well, then you're probably going to get a much more targeted audience, of people interested in what you have to offer. Rather than those freebie seekers who just want free stuff. And therein lies the key. is easily one of my favorites on this list. In fact, it might be my second favorite, my first favorites coming up soon. But my second favorite here is all about content marketing. And this was one of the core pillars of how I built my first business. The beauty of content marketing is much the same as putting on events or seminars or teaching people. And then it allows you to share your information and your expertise in a friendly, knowledgeable and approachable way. Now whether you'd prefer to do video or podcasting or good old fashioned writing, there's a free solution available for you. For example, if you wanna do video, well, you you've got YouTube where you can host your videos. You wanna do a podcast, well, you can do it through an anchor. And if you wanna write a blog, well, there's a million different options, including WordPress, which allows you to host all of your articles for free. Now I could go on for days about the importance and the beauty and the magic of content marketing, but the reality is, is that we've been conditioned to associate teachers and people in positions of authority that educate us as experts. And so we tend to give them a little bit more weight, a little bit more trust and a little bit more credibility. You wanna take advantage of that by creating content. is a form of barter or a form of partnership or a CONTRA deal as it's often known. And essentially, what you're gonna do here, is you're gonna to find somebody with which to trade services with. Now this is an absolutely amazing strategy, especially if you're good at what you do, because you're gonna to be able to clearly demonstrate this to another entrepreneur or business owner, and provide value to them, which means that they may be more likely to share that with their audience. And in return, you're gonna get whatever services they offer to you. Now, the key here is that your obviously not gonna want to pick a direct competitor, because the goal here is for both of you to kind of work in a symbiotic and synchronous and synergistic, symbiosis, cooperation. I'm getting off track. The beauty here is that it's going to allow you guys to basically work together, so that everybody wins. This is basically what I did when I first started my social media marketing agency. I partnered with a local print shop, so I would do their social media marketing, and in return, they would print my flyers and my business cards and other promotional items that I needed. In the end, I saved thousands on printed materials, and I got a ton of really good experience and access to all of their clients who, well, if they need printed things like business cards and promotional items, well, they tend to be my target market too, because they're most likely gonna be entrepreneurs or business owners. At the end of the day we both won, and it was a fantastic deal. definitely crosses the line from guerrilla to more traditional, but it's definitely worth mentioning, because it's just so incredibly effective, and mostly in regards to guerrilla marketing, it's cost effective. And that tactic is Facebook ads. Again, so easily one of the most cost effective forms of online advertising available today. Now, the reason I'm mentioning it here, is because of a couple different factors. Number one is the targeting, which means that you can dial in on exactly who it is that you're trying to reach, including their demographic details like their age, gender, income, occupation, things like that. Their geographic details, what city, state, province, country or wherever they live. And their psychographic details what are their attitudes, their interests, their behaviors, their organizations or teams that they're a part of. The targeting is just essentially so detailed, we really can't miss. The other side of the coin is that it can be done for really just a few dollars a day, making it by far one of the most cost effective forms of advertising available. Plus, seeing as everything's online, and everything's tracked, we can figure out to the penny, what something's costing us. So rather than spending thousands on a newspaper Ad or a radio Ad, and really not knowing how it worked, well, with Facebook Ads, we can track exactly how much a click costs, how much a lead costs, and how much a sale costs. thing you want to do here is definitely check out the video I've got linked here, on the top 20 digital marketing strategies for small businesses. In it I'm giving 20 of my absolute best tips and tricks to really help grow your business. I've also linked up a video on how to get more clients and customers for your business. So take your pick, choose whichever one you think is going to be more relevant to you and definitely dive into that now. All right, so thanks so much for watching, and we'll catch you next time on The Modern Marketing Show.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [10 likes]: Let me know in the comments which tactic you want to try first?
  2. @MartinKoss [2 likes]: I know this is a few years old but I really like your videos about guerilla marketing that I came across today.
Although all your videos are a great resource, I like these older videos.
Always great work Adam.
  3. @commonsense99 [2 likes]: Good stuff I'm at the circle back and watch it again
  4. @mitchell9169 [1 likes]: Starts at 1:50
  5. @starrovers13 [1 likes]: Good for rookies but big players need more
  6. @micbetancur9131 [1 likes]: Incredible amount of information in one video. Guaranteed best way to spend 22mins learning about something. Hope your channel keeps growing<3
  7. @virtualworldsbyloff [1 likes]: Facebook Adds, LOL, maybe when you did the Video, 2 years ago, but sorry,  not now at all
  8. @bright_future_skorea [1 likes]: Thank you Adam!
  9. @jfuhrmad: Complete waste of time.  If you can get someone to your website you don't need this advice.
  10. @MrBoxofplastic: Facebook ads are not gorilla and they're not cheap anymore.
  11. @mm277hb: soooo… conventional marketing except justify calling it guerrilla marketing. got it.
  12. @faithandsparklesworld: Great video! I love these 17 guerrilla marketing tactics—super practical and effective for any entrepreneur. Thanks for sharing!
  13. @freedomandloveandpeace: The music is to loud that's very disturbing!
  14. @simonsays9516: Do you have any strategies for bar/lounge?
  15. @mikeburke1993: Solid.
  16. @mikeburke1993: Wow.  Found this channel in May 2023.  Very, very good.
  17. @ahmedhashmi3258: Anything for independent filmmakers?
  18. @Ships_Cat311: Never could figure out how people would even respond to this type of advertisement, idk when I see it all think is this retarded, obviously a scam and or worthless product service that means nothing.
  19. @Ships_Cat311: Take another Adderall bud 😆
  20. @DionysusFTW: youtube owes me 8 minutes of my life for recommending me this. Are you really only banking on the fact that your viewers are morons?

- Instagram Ads for Small Business: What Actually Works: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Instagram ads and all you're getting are likes, ghost followers, and crickets in your DMs, this video is going to save you thousands of dollars. Because here's the truth. Most small businesses fail with Instagram ads not because their product or service is bad, but because their strategy is broken before the ad even launches. So, today I'm going to show you the three-step highle strategy behind profitable Instagram ads so you can turn cold strangers into real customers without burning through your budget. And in case you don't know, I'm Brandy with Life Marketing, the digital marketing agency with a mission to help small businesses grow. If you'd rather us handle your social media marketing for you so your business can grow while you focus on what you do best, you can fill out our contact form linked below for a free strategy call. Otherwise, for everybody else who's trying to figure out how to do it themselves, let's get into it. First, we need to talk about why most Instagram ads fail. Most small businesses don't have a traffic problem. They have a strategy gap. Here's what usually happens. A business owner gets on Facebook, clicks boost post, or sets up a quick traffic campaign, targets a cold audience that's never heard of their brand before, and launches an ad saying buy now, and then they wonder why nobody clicks, let alone converts. The problem is they're not paying attention to the customer journey. They're selling before they've even earned attention or trust. Instagram is a social platform. It wasn't built for cold sales. It was built for discovery and connection. So, if you're showing up as a stranger asking for a sale, you're likely getting scrolled past. Whether you're in e-commerce or a service business or a local business, instead of selling to strangers, you need to guide your audience step by step from awareness to interest to action. If you're not willing to earn the sale with value added and trust, you're never going to get one. So, with that, let's talk about how to actually move someone from who are you to here's my credit card. It's a three-stage strategy, and when done right, it works perfectly for small business budgets because it speaks directly to how people buy. Starting with stage one, awareness. This is your introduction. They don't know who you are yet, and they don't care yet. Your only job here is to earn attention through value. So, run contentbased ads like reals, how-to videos, quick tips, or entertaining stories related to your niche. Focus on solving micro problems, things your audience cares about right now, and use curiosity, pattern interrupts, and helpfulness to stand out. Think education disguised as entertainment, also called edutainment. If you're a fitness coach, for example, don't lead with buy my fitness program. Lead with why your morning routine is ruining your metabolism. The goal is to make them stop scrolling and think, "Wo, this is actually useful." And from that point on, not only will they remember your brand, but they'll remember it in a positive way. And a bonus tip here is to use Meta's engagement campaign to retarget everyone who watches at least 50 to 75% of your videos. Those will be the seeds for your warm audience, which we're going to talk about next, which brings us to stage two, consideration. Now, they've seen you, maybe watched a video, visited your profile, or clicked to your site. This is where you build on that foundation of trust and move them closer to the sale. So, retarget those warm views and website visitors with deeper content like testimonials, case studies, or FAQ videos that preemptively tackle any objections they might have to buying from you. Offer a lead magnet, which is a valuable freebie, like a checklist, guide, or discount code in exchange for their contact information. Run ads to your landing page, not just your Instagram profile. Because in this stage, you're showing that you understand their problems and that you've helped people just like them to solve those problems. The goal here is to build credibility and give them a reason to stick around. And a pro tip, email marketing is your ally here. Use it to stay top of mind with daily value in their inbox and nurture the relationship off Instagram. And then lastly, stage three, conversion. Now they know you, they trust you, they've become intimately familiar with your brand. They've seen your content, maybe grabbed your lead magnet, and they've been watching. This is where a lot of small business owners freeze or get shy. But not you. Not today. Because at this point, you've provided so much value that the next logical step for your customer is to buy from you. So, this is your chance to confidently ask for the sale. But only if you do it in the right way that I'm about to tell you. So, here's how. Retarget your hottest leads. These are people who visited your pricing page, opened your emails, or clicked your last CTA or call to action. Use ad copy that's direct, specific, and benefit driven. This one is huge, y'all. Don't just regurgitate your product features or a list of what your service includes. Talk about the benefits your customers experience as a result of your product or service. Because more times than not, they're not just buying a product or service. They're buying how it makes them feel. They're buying into a lifestyle. They're buying the peace or joy or convenience or strength or growth it gives them. A powerful ad for a dishwasher company is not going to talk about how it has the latest cleaner turbo 3000 on it or how it has the lowest decibel on the market. It's going to talk about how you don't have to prehand scrub your dishes in the sink anymore before putting them in the dishwasher. The implication being it cleans so well it can clean off the thick food. Or it might talk about how you can run the dishwasher around the clock without fear of waking a sleeping baby or what have you. Think about what your customer is actually buying when they buy your product or service and talk about that in your ad. And lastly, make the offer feel like the natural next step, not a sales pitch. For instance, running with the fitness coach example from before. If your lead magnet genuinely helped them lose 10 lbs in 30 days or whatever the lead magnet promised, they're going to naturally look to you for what's next. So, tell them. You also want to layer in urgency here. language like limited spots, time-sensitive bonuses, early bird pricing, and countdown timers. And again, you'll want to tackle objections headon, things like pricing, results, skepticism, etc. The goal in this stage is to make the decision easy. Make the risk feel small and make the benefit feel huge. And here's the final kicker. The conversion stage is not just about the sale. It's about setting the tone for retention. If you make the process feel good for your buyers, they will stick

  Top Comments:
  1. @LYFEMarketingAtlanta: Want us to grow your business so you can focus on running it? Get a free, custom quote and proposal here: https://www.lyfemarketing.com/services/social-media-advertising-services/?utm_source=YouTube&utm_medium=igadsforsmbwhatworks&utm_campaign=jul292025
  2. @Chicago4life69: Excellent video 👏
  3. @nnasim5089: Love it thanks . I'm trying to build same structure for my agency

- How To CRUSH Google Ads with a Small Budget: Kind: captions Language: en when I first started my Google ads agency I ran successful ad campaigns for clients with tiny budgets as little as $100 per month that's just over $3 per day now the good news is you can absolutely succeed with Google ads with a small budget and in this video I'm going to show you how Okay so let's start by defining what a small budget actually is when we're talking about Google ads now I would Define a small budget is anything less than $3,000 per month so anything less than $100 per day and a tiny budget is anything less than $600 per month so $20 per day or less now like I've already said you can absolutely succeed with a small Google ads budget you can succeed with a tiny Google ads budget that is possible and actually I do recommend that a lot of businesses start with a small budget because initially when you first start running ad campaigns on the platform you might not know what works you might not have the skill to make it profitable from day one so it makes a lot of sense to start small and if you lose a little bit of money early on it's not the end of the world then once you do develop the skills once you know what you're doing once you've been able to work out which combin of keywords and ads work for your business and you know that it's profitable you can then always scale from there I think that's quite a smart way of doing things however when you are operating with a small budget there are changes that you need to make to Google ad campaigns you do need to do things a little bit differently and those are some of the things I want to run through in this video so let's get started so the first point I want to make is around campaign types okay so when you create a new Google ad campaign you'll very quickly uh be presented with what I've got on the screen in front of me right now where you need to select a campaign type so the first thing I'll say is I think it's really important to just pick the one campaign type if you are operating with a small Google I budget you don't want to have a search campaign and a display campaign and a shopping campaign and all these various different options because that will spread your budget too thinly across different campaigns and that's going to make it much more difficult and take a lot longer for you to work out what's working and what's not working both you as the advertiser but also Google with this optimization process we know how important that is to getting us the best possible results Google needs data to be able to optimize our campaign and be able to make adjustments and that can really help improve our results if you've got a little bit of budget spent over here you've got a conversion via here the other day and you got one of these three days ago and then there was a few clicks this morning it's like there's just not enough information being gathered fast enough for you to be able to optimize a campaign so I would recommend you stick with one campaign type and I think if you're operating with a small budget where I'd put that is in search search is the most obvious intuitive part of Google ads it's what we all think of when we think Google ads particularly beginners you think I'm going to go on Google search for something and I'm going to see ads that are related to my search um pop up it's easy to understand this often why I recommend beginners start with search alongside businesses to operate with small budgets I appreciate some small budget businesses will be beginners some won't but I think search is is a good place to be performance Max I absolutely love you might be thinking well if you're going to go with one campaign type why would you not just use performance Max because if you're not familiar performance Max effectively incorporates all the other campaign types into it and um it's kind of like a One-Stop shop for Google advertising and it's brilliant and I really like performance Max but I wouldn't recommend you use performance max if you're operating with a small budget for firstly the same reason I just mentioned performance Max incorporates all these various different things and if you've got a little bit of budget being spent on a YouTube ad and a little bit of budget spent in Search and a little bit of budget spent in display and all over the place it's going to be difficult for both you and Google to optimize but also performance Max because it is a campaign type where you are handing over much more control as an Advertiser to Google it relies on data even more than the other campaign types so we typically see performance Max campaigns perform much better in ad accounts to have a lot more conversion history because Google can see this type of person converts on this type of day via this uh network via this you know they have all the data to be able to get you the right results the best results possible if you don't have much data in your ad account and if it's brand new or very new that's going to be the case but also if you're spending a small budget you are just going to most likely be generating less conversions than businesses that operate with larger budgets um then performance Max is not the way to go in my opinion now that might absolutely change so once you've got your search campaign working with a small budget and then you're looking to scale you've got some conversion history in your ad account absolutely you could look to incorporate performance Max and that's something we do with clients all the time but I think whilst you're in that small budget phase better stick with search I have seen I should quickly mention that for e-commerce businesses operating with a small budget just using a shopping campaign instead of search can work well might be something that you want to test if I was to give like a a a a broad recommendation even to e-commerce businesses I would stay still stick with search but if let's say you're operating with a small budget and you're an e-commerce business and you've tried a search campaign it didn't work then maybe look to explore shopping obviously all other types of businesses anything Leen service based etc etc um search is going to be the way to go on that point number two is to only focus on one offer now you most likely have a range of different products and services that you sell and could sell uh to people via Google ads but I would like you if you're only operating with a small budget to just stick to the one to start with one of the reasons for that is exactly what we just described in the previous point it's consolidating data you advertising lots of different Services lots of different products you're going to generate a conversion here a lead there or a you click it's all going to be too spread thin you're not going to be able to optimize either you or Google whereas if you focus things down onto the uh onto the one offer you get much better data so that then leads to the question of which product or service should you offer so what I'd recommend you start with is your best performer to date assuming you have some data so if you've been running Google ads already let's say you've been advertising multiple products but you are operating with a small budget you want to consolidate down to just um the one well just take a look at which one has performed best from a return on ad spend standpoint and go ahead and use that one if you're advertising multiple different Services take a look at which one uh does best in terms of a cost per lead basis um assuming you know your services are roughly equal in value if there some that are much more valuable but the leads cost more you know you can go with those that's fine there's just a bit of Common Sense there I wanted to quickly mention but yeah go with your best performers if you've been advertising elsewhere you're new to Google ads if you advertising elsewhere and you still have data from other marketing channels other advertising platforms that let you know which ones are the best performers then again go with those what is sold best elsewhere is a good chance that will sell best in Google ads as well so you can absolutely use that if you don't have either of those things you haven't been advertising you're brand new you haven't been marketing but you have a range of products and services um to sell I would focus in on the ones that have a higher value because it's easier with Google ads to with all advertising to be profitable if you are advertising something that has a higher value I'll give you example let's say you're selling a $50 product via Google ad campaigns now it might cost you $20 in terms of Google ad cost so cost per conversion to get that sale now if instead of selling a $50 product you sell a $500 product that's 10 times as much in terms of the the revenue you bring in when you make that sale but it probably won't cost you 10 times as much in terms of the Google ad spend so instead of it being $20 to generate that conversion it's unlikely to go up all the way to $200 it might go from $20 to $80 let's say it's going to be more because you're selling a more expensive thing that's more difficult to do but it's not proportional so it's just easier to generate a profit if you're selling things with a higher value so that's something that I would uh recommend you think about if you don't have data on what's your best sellers and what what performs best and one of the reasons why we do this why we want to go with our best performer and why we want to consolidate down is because we want this budget that you've got that's small at the moment to be as profit Prof as possible you want it to go as far as possible because if that works and is nicely profitable that's going to allow you to scale within that offer focusing on that offer but also it's going to allow you to then incorporate other products and services and you think oh great we've got when this is working really well nicely profitable here we can reinvest some of that into other Google ad campaigns for other products and services that we sell and look to expand and see if we can get those profitable and grow the business that way number three is to focus on smaller locations where possible so I've just gone a little bit further on from where we were at the campus cign type to another part of uh when you're creating a new Google ad um campaign and I'm in the location section now this campaign is set up default to be United Kingdom and let's assume that we're advertising a chain of gyms in the UK so we could advertise to the whole of UK because perhaps we you know we serve lots of different markets there's lots of different gyms around the country but in that sort of scenario what I think is best when operating with a small budget is to get more specific so we can click on enter another location and then advance search and then you know we've got a chain of gyms but perhaps our one is um one of a new facility one of our most impressive facilities and there's lots of capacity so we want to particularly advertise that right so we could go ahead and enter in uh Oxford as a city you could look to include that in here and then you can see the area in the map uh just targeting that we could always in that sort of business switch to a radius targeting instead if we feel like people are willing to travel um a little bit further I mean 20 mi is probably a little bit far for a gym uh but we could add in say 10 miles and we could look to do something like that instead you know you're going to have to decide what's the best approach depending on your business and how far either you're willing to travel to people or they're willing to travel to you depending on on how you're you're set up but focusing in on a core specific location um is not something I'd recommend businesses do with larger budgets because you are going to miss out on potential conversions uh leads sales if you can actually serve nationally internationally or in larger geographical areas if you can actually serve those people um but with smaller budgets I think it makes sense when you go more location specific as well you can then tailor your campaigns to that location so coming back to the example of advertising a gym within Oxford we would want to make sure that the place name is obviously in the keywords that we're targeting but it's also in all the ad copy it's in all the ad assets to make that AD stand out much more and resonate much more with people searching for a gym in that location that'll make it much more likely that people will click that'll make it much more likely that people will convert and The Campaign Will then be more profitable which as we mentioned in the previous Point allows you to then scale it and reinvest and go from a small Google ads budget to hopefully a large one that is producing um fantastic results so this is not strictly necessary if you're like I've got a small budget but I still want to advertise you know in a broad area or nationally absolutely fine that is okay but just something to think about if you're thinking of ways of like I just feel like our campaign is spread too thinly we're not getting data we need you can try bringing it in making it more uh tightly uh organized from a geographic standpoint and then then tailor that campaign more specifically to that location and you'll likely see better results Point number four is to Target less expensive keywords now this is not something that I would usually recommend I'll explain a bit more about that um in a second but just to show you exactly what it is that that I'm talking about here I I'll run through a quick example for you so I'm back in our example um Google ad account I'm just going to come up here and search for the Keyword Planner and then we'll jump into the keyword planal I'm going to go ahead and click on discover new keywords I'm going to use a different example this time let's assume that I'm running a campaign for a business um that offers gardening Services now what we're looking for here is obviously Google has given us a number of keyword ideas that are related to our sort of core broad term that describes what this what this business offers and then what I want you to do is go ahead and and take check out this column here where it says top of page bid high range so to be at the top of the page um most of the time for these keywords this is most likely what you're going to end up paying in terms of a a cost per click right and then when we take a look at these we will see that some of these keywords are going to be more or less expensive there's going to be variations so for example landscaping near me is £391 uh Gardener near me is £246 so what I would do is I would have a scroll through these and have a look and see if you can find ones on the less expensive side so for example if gardening Services is a broad term that accurately describes the services offered for this business Gardener near me actually seems like quite a good option and it's on the cheaper end of things it's £246 in comparison to a bunch of the others um and then you can go through these and you can start to pick out you know another one there Garden maintenance near me well that sounds pretty dead on and that's cheaper in a215 and you can see that um there are going to be quite a lot of variation some keywords are going to be twice as expensive as others you might want to avoid the ones in this scenario that are well into the3 and go with the ones that are closer to the twos yard cleaning services that may or may not be applicable depending on on the services and that you offer but you can come through and think okay Landscaping Company near me when I've got a small budget of £455 probably isn't the way to go weed treatment for lawn at just over a pound is significantly less maybe that's something you offer maybe that's something um that you don't now when you're going through these you do need to obviously not just look at the top of page bid high range you also need to keep in mind the keyword and make sure that for example this this one here weed treatment for lawn is nice and inexpensive but if that's not actually something you you do other types of ging Services obviously don't therefore go ahead and and Target that keyword but you can find um various options in here and you can go with the ones that are less expensive I think when you've got a smaller budget you want to make sure you've got a decent click volume and that's going to help you and Google optimize the campaigns and targeting keywords that cost half as much or less and some of the more expensive ones that you could be bidding on is a bit of a no-brainer now this isn't perfect and the reason why I said this isn't something I'd usually recommend is is that the keywords that are less expensive to Target are usually less expensive to Target for a reason it's because either they typically don't convert as well or they do convert but the value of the customer is less so I imagine that's kind of what's going on here right so weed treatment for lawn is significantly less expensive at just over a pound than Landscaping Company near me and I imagine part of what's going on there is that um Landscaping Company near me the people that click on become a lead and go on and use Services they probably spend a lot more than people that just want a simple weed treatment landscaping services might be you know Landscaping Company might be something a lot more significant and therefore higher value so it isn't just always go with the least expensive keywords that's going to get you the best return on ad spend most profitable campaigns because that quality Factor either from a value or a conversion rate is factored in so as you look to spend more and you scale adding in some of the more expensive keywords that might produce higher value customers is absolutely fine but what we're doing at the beginning is we're trying to get you results with your small budget that are profitable that will allow you to scale and if with a small budget you know let's say you're spending $1,000 a month okay and you've got so what's that $30 a day if you're going to be spending targeting keywords that cost5 six $7 a click you're only looking at like six clicks a day and it's going to be so difficult for you and Google to be able to optimize those campaigns and learn and work out what works whereas if you're targeting something that's closer to $2 a click you're going to get 15 clicks a day you're going to get that much more data that much more likely to work out what works and be able to optimize those campaigns so it is not something I recommend with large budgets but with small budgets I think it's a good way to go now there are a couple of other points that I want to make around using small budgets when it comes to your Google ad campaigns before I do that just want to very quickly let you know about our done for you Google ad services so Mike agency can create manage and optimize your Google ad campaigns for you we can take all the workload off your hands we can help you get better results than what you're currently getting almost certainly we've probably worked with a business just like yours in the past and if you are ready to take that step from a small Google ads budget and really scale and take your Google ads Next Level and have them do that much more for your business we can absolutely help you with that so there is a link in a video description below you can click on that and go ahead and book in a free call with one of our team members completely no obligation where you can just find out more about what it is that we do and how we might be able to help so if you're interested go ahead and book that free call and hopefully we get a chance to work together so Point number five is to pre-qualify with your ad copy now the way Google ADS works is that you only pay Google if someone actually clicks on your ad if they don't click then you haven't paid anything you haven't used up any of your small Google ad budget so you can put certain things in your ad copy certain words and I'll get some examples in a second that will put off people that aren't suitable they'll think oh this isn't for me and they don't click now those people were unlikely to convert anyway so if you don't put them off they'll probably click you'll end up paying for it and then they won't convert and that will be a waste of budget where is if you do put in things to really pre-qualify people that can help this is so important with a small budget because we need every click to go as far as it possibly can larger businesses with larger budgets are normally more willing to get more sort of Market penetration and they're they're happy to potentially not convert a quite high percentage of clicks to actual customers because they want those people going to the website they know they're going to retarget them there's there's more a bit more of a brand exposure play um going on there but with smaller budgets we need every click to count as much we can and we can prequalify so let's have a look at an example okay so to demonstrate this I'm back in our example um Google ad account I'm in that new Google ad campaign creation process I've just skipped ahead a little bit to where you create um the ads themselves and we're in the headline section so if we go back and use the previous example that we used when I was going through the keywords that is a gardening Services business and I believe one of the key words that we identified that was relatively inexpensive was um Garden maintenance near me or something along those lines um if we had a business like that we could add in you know obviously we could add in uh Garden maintenance CU that's one of the most important things in the service but as one of the headlines we could add in something like starting from $500 per month and you can see how that would do such a good job of putting off people that are looking for a gardening maintenance gardening service that's way less expensive than that perhaps people with smaller Gardens you're only after people with much larger Gardens and then those people therefore aren't going to click on the ad and that means it's not going to cost you uh money as a Google Advertiser and you can only pay for clicks from people that are like yeah sure I was expecting my gardening to be $2,000 a month cuz I've got this massive great big yard and it needs a lot of work and all that sort of thing so so that's absolutely fine and that allows your budget to go further now one thing I will quickly mention about this as well is if we added some others in uh just so I can demonstrate you know let's say we add in excellent customer service and uh family run business I mean there's going to be all sorts of things you could add in here right that are going to sell your your products and services what we can do here is we can guarant guantee that this particular headline always shows up um in our ad by pinning it so if we click on this little pin we can say look I always want this to show up um in position one so no matter what combination of headlines you use it's always going to be position one starting 500 $500 a month in this case that might be a little bit too aggressive but you can do that if it's really important to you and you just find that you're getting clicks from people that aren't what you aren't in a position to be able to purchase your products and services and you don't want to waste money advertising to them um then this can be a great way to go to add in something like this now I should say that when you do this strategy when you use this method you are going to reduce your clict rate naturally because lots of people are going to see that and go this isn't for me now that's the point because you're hoping to improve your conversion rate from click to eventual customer um but it doesn't mean that less people are going to click that can affect your quality score which can make your cost per click overall more expensive I think with a lot of business with small budgets something along this line is still a good idea because you just need to make every click count you don't want to have lots of clicks uh not converting you need them to convert at a higher percentage as possible there are also ways you could make this you could still do this but make it a little bit less aggressive so you know instead of having a monetary amount we could use other criteria so um this wouldn't apply to this type of business but if I just delete out the examples we've got in uh there are many different ways that you can pre-qualify so you could have something like perfect for 65 Plus if that's your target audience and anyone that clicks through who's not 65 Plus or not buying this as a gift or whatever for someone who is 65 plus um is a waste of your small Google ad budget then you can add something like this in and go great you lot don't click I want only people that are in that are obviously this age range or buying for someone in this age range to click because those are the only people that we could serve or you could do it location based um we mentioned in in previous example in this video talking about Oxford as a city here in the UK um you know we could put in something along these lines like local to Oxford um as a headline and pin that and get that in there and that could help put off people that aren't local to Oxford I mean some of that's going to be taken up with the location targeting criteria but we could get more specific U we could be like West Oxford or East Oxford or whatever and you can get really um quite detailed in there so different ways to to do this depending on your business are is there a big chunk of your target market that might be searching that might be clicking that you just want to put off or think about how do you categorize those people is it based on budget is it based on an age range is it based on a location these are some of the most obvious examples and there could be other things as well it could be based on what profession they work in all sorts of different ways that you can do this but it can be a good way to avoid wasting money on clicks that will not convert or are very unlikely to convert and therefore make your small Google app budget go that much further number six is to optimize aggressively and early and this is quite different when you're operating with a small budget versus a larger budget is that we will look to to turn off underperforming elements things like keywords uh and other elements within our Google ad campaign early we will do so before we've reach statistical significance if we get a sense that an element a keyword is not performing as well as other elements we will go ahead and turn that off and I think for a lot of the reasons we talked about you don't have any budget to waste we don't want to waste any budget on in this example keywords that don't produce as good a return on ad spend as other keywords they could still be nicely profitable if we had a larger budget we'd still probably Target it but we want need our budget to go as far as possible so it's as profitable as possible so that we can scale and so that we can reinvest in other campaigns and other products and and and all that sort of stuff so here I've got um an ad account up one of our client ad accounts actually we've had to uh blur out the the keywords um so you can't see see that but I wanted to show you this Based on data and the most important thing here being conversion value uh divided by cost right so we can see here that the average for these keywords is 3.28 that's the number at the bottom but obviously within this there are some that are performing significantly better than others you know we've got one here at at a 6.1 as an example although that hasn't generated a huge amount of Clicks in comparison to um well particularly this this top option but when we're going through this we might look at say the 2.76 and the 2.75 and go they need to be turned off if we're operating with a small budget we've got these on and that's absolutely fine with a larger budget because those are still nicely profitable right 2 point almost a 3X is still nicely profitable we're happy to run those we're happy to take advant of the traffic that is searching for that but if you've only got so much budget to spend why not spend more of it on a keyword that can deliver a 4X conversion value to cost Ratio or a 3 plus X um in terms of this one which is they're doing a lot of the heavy lifting in in this particular campaign so I think I'm a big fan and I talk about this a lot in my content of waiting for statistical significance a lot of advertisers turn things off too early they're a little bit too trigger happy with a small budget we will be like that we will be aggressive we'll be trigger happy and I think it's better to go early than it is to go late so if you've got a small Google ads budget that probably means you're relatively new to Google ads if that's the case I'd strongly recommend you check out this video in this video I walk you through the entire Google ad campaign creation process from scratch it's probably the most valuable video that I've ever created on the top of Google ads a full beginners tutorial that walk you through everything make sure you get every single setting every element right to get the best possible results so if you haven't already go ahead and check it out

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeathGoogleAds [22 likes]: Get personal Google Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Google ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/google-ads
  2. @itsmeanand511 [7 likes]: I want to let you know that I work for Google Ads and I agree with your Points on how to scale up with the small budgets as I tend to explain people that its about the data and not budget.

I do want to add some tips here for example you mentioned about Pinning the headlines that is good but if you pin a headline and use keyword insertion and location insertion you are winning two battles at once which are showing to relevant location and focusing on one high value keyword.

second one is if you are someone looking for e commerce advertisement on Google then shopping is not that great as the CPC in shopping requires lot of data and you can use Performance Max campaign and only list the merchant center as this would resolve the problem of high cpc as you are now the products directly and not focusing on few headlines 

Again Ben good work
  3. @EllieWhite-p7i [1 likes]: muito bom, aprendi muito, agora vou aplicar
  4. @Digitron_Solutionz: How Google Ad Auction Works, Auction Manager Vs Competing Landing Pages Animation Explanation https://youtube.com/shorts/tDytfMZT9VI
  5. @KysGuitarStudio: haha "tiny budget = $600" im working with $80 a month here!
  6. @legalprodefense4991: What Bidding Strategy?
  7. @Candra-k9m: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  8. @NourddineLaayali: A good lecture that will benefit all who have followed this excellent explanation.
  9. @PerdroGonsalez-y8j: cool bro
  10. @oeiroieir: This is the best explanation I've found so far, thank you!
  11. @Kris-r1t5w: Thank you for explaining everything so clearly. Everything is very clear. Like for the explanation.
  12. @LouisCarey-c6f: Can’t stop watching this!
  13. @NoeticM: Do you all operate in the united states? And how much do you guys charge for managing the account?
  14. @Purni-f2r: good video, thanks Ben
  15. @JamesBarnett-b5s: Good guide, very nice, thanks
  16. @HueyGlover: Great video! Can you tell me more about targeting and budget settings at the start?
  17. @JoseAlbertoChavezManrique-u1p: Is there a super duper micro budget?
  18. @Frank-j9u6w: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  19. @flavorsfocus: Anyone got sales after doing this? Help me please reply.🎉
  20. @TimothyAlford-y8l: great:cat-orange-whistling:

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gabbeat [2 likes]: When you talk about separating cold and warm audiences, you mentioned it’s normally used as a suggestion in the ad campaigns. But there is still the option of using the old feature and making it a hard restriction for audience (ex. only retargeting) instead of a suggestion.
Knowing that would you still wouldnt split audiences?
Then, how do you control budget allocation to warm vs cold ?
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- I Found A BETTER Way To Do Meta Ads Targeting in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most Facebook advertisers now leave targeting entirely up to Meta. For some, that works pretty well. For others, not so much. The problem is that when advertisers try and take back manual control, performance often gets even worse. But, there's good news. There's a way to give Meta the flexibility it wants while still influencing who sees your ads. In other words, you get the best of both worlds. In this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to do it. So, the feature that allows you to do what I just described is called value rules. And with value rules, you're able to optimize for different demographics within your target audience. So, instead of just saying to Meta, "Go and get me as many conversions as possible, as many leads or sales as possible, or even get me as much value as possible optimizing for the highest return on ad spend." Instead, you can say to Meta, "I would rather you place a priority on these people, this group, this demographic within my overall target audience because I know they are more valuable to my business." So, I'll give you some examples, right? So, you might have calculated that people within a certain location are more valuable than others. Let's say you're advertising in the whole of the UK, but you know that people within London are more likely to come back and buy again. They're more likely to stick around for longer on your subscription product or your recurring billing, whatever it is. And therefore, you are willing to pay more to acquire conversions from London as opposed to the rest of the UK in this instance. You could do the same for people over or under a certain age. We've calculated that amongst our customer base, anyone between this age and this age is more valuable to our business. And you could do the same with gender. And actually, there's a business that I've been consulting with for a number of years. And when value rules came out, it was absolutely perfect for them and solved the issue that they had had from just going with open or broad targeting. And that it was a business, jewelry business, and sold primarily women's jewelry. And they found that when they just ran their ads on Meta to all audiences, a lot of their ads were served to men. Now, men would buy this women's jewelry primarily as gifts. Uh but what this business found was that Meta would think, "Great, this is an audience that we can target that generates conversions. We're optimizing." Meta thinks it's doing the right thing. But this business found that if a man was buying uh this women's jewelry as a gift, they were unlikely to become repeat customers. So, their customer lifetime value was significantly lower than if they generated a sale from a woman who was more likely to be buying it for herself. So, they were able to use value rules to say, "Increase the bid for women. They are more valuable to our business over their lifetime." And that's something that Meta wouldn't otherwise have visibility over because if you think about attribution windows, let's say a 7-day click attribution window, um anything any conversions that take place beyond that typically aren't going to be registered by Meta. So, if Meta's optimizing for as many purchases as possible or even the highest value, the highest return on ad spend possible, they're going to optimize within that 7-day window. They're not able to factor in the lifetime value. So, instances like that, you as an advertiser are able to step in and say, "Keep the broad open targeting. I want you to have the flexibility to go out and find people um that are most likely to convert." Meta's really good at that. System's really sophisticated doing that. But also, please factor in this other bit of information because I know that these people are worth more to my business over the long run than these people, and I want you to factor in to your bidding strategy." So, let me show you how to create a value rule. So, to demonstrate this, I'm in an example Meta ad account. I'm in Ads Manager at the campaign level. And I want to go ahead and go to advertising settings. And then under your business, we've got value rules. I think just about every Meta ad account now has this value rules option. Uh it was introduced a little while ago, and it's been uh it's been steadily rolled out to ad accounts. And I haven't checked it I haven't seen it not be available in that account in a while. If you don't have it here, um then you don't have it yet. And I'm sure you'll get it very soon. Right. [snorts] So, we'll go ahead and click on value rules, and then we want to go ahead and click on create a rule set. Now, it's really interesting this pop-up here. Meta's kind of got a warning, and something we should quickly discuss at this stage. So, quickly explain what value rules are, right? Reach your preferred audiences using value rules. Increase your bid on audiences that are worth more to your business. Um we've already discussed this. It's exactly what value rules is designed to do. They've got some extra information here, which is interesting. Get more of the outcomes you want. So, focus your budget on audiences using age, gender, location, etc. Um optimize for all types of goals. See better results with a single ad set. It's one of the selling points from Meta's standpoint uh point of view of value rules. Instead of having different ad sets targeting different um audiences, you can consolidate down into one ad set, which we know is often the right way to go anyway. Consolidation is great. More conversion data in the one ad set, better learning, better optimization. Uh good things happening. But, we do have this part at the bottom. I understand my overall cost per result may increase when using value rules. And that is something that we should state up front. If you are going to mess with Meta's optimization system, their delivery system, that would otherwise be trying to get you the lowest cost per conversion possible or as many conversions as possible for your budget, anything you do to disrupt that may increase your overall cost per conversion. Now, given some of the examples we discussed a minute ago, that may well be worth it. If being more aggressive and targeting women in the jewelry business example means that our overall cost per purchase goes up by 10%, but women on average are worth 2.4 times what men are, that's a great trade. Over their lifetime, you'd rather acquire more of those customers. So, just be aware that this may well happen if you go and implement it, but it might still that might be a trade-off that you're willing to make cuz it's overall better for your business. So, let's go ahead and click on create a rule set. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creative's not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session, and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. So, from within here, we need to select criteria. So, if I click on this uh drop-down, we can see the options. And I've already mentioned a few of them. I mentioned age, gender, and location. But we've got other options here. Things like conversion location is quite an interesting um option. So, if I click on this and then select the options here, uh let's say we're running a lead-based campaign. We could say to Meta, "Look, we know that leads generated via our website, via our landing page, um they're more valuable. They're more likely to convert." Let's say, again, data that Meta might not have any visibility over than people who become leads via instant forms. Therefore, um we'll select website, and we can increase the bid um etc. I'll get to that bit in a second. Uh we've also got some other options. Um so, we've got device. So, choose between desktop or mobile. Again, you might say uh leads generated via desktop are more valuable than mobile. Willing to pay more for those. Uh mobile operating system, iOS versus Android. A lot of businesses say that iOS-based customers are more valuable than Android-based customers. Um we've also got placement as well. So, you might have the data to show that um for example, if I click in here, that Facebook feed uh conversions are more valuable to your business than those from the Audience Network. So, you could say, "Look, I'm willing to bid more for these." Or uh I'm willing You can select Audience Network and do the opposite and say, "I want to bid less." All right? So, a lot of options to play with. Um let's use gender as a as a as a classic example cuz I've already talked about that. So, let's say women. By the way, you can add other criteria. So, we've got one criterion here. We could say women and then also add in say an age criteria. So, you can add in uh two variables. You can say women over the age of 45, for example, if that was what you'd found to be particularly valuable for your business, customers in that category. And then we've got options here where we've got increase bid or decrease bid by. That's why I just mentioned the Audience Network. Instead of increasing bid for all the others, the Audience Network would be typically seen as a lower quality placement option. You can then say decrease the bid um on uh Audience Network. But in this case, like we're talking about before with the um jewelry business example, women are worth significantly conversions from women are worth significantly more on average over their lifetime than uh conversions generated by from men. So, we're going to increase the bid by and then select your percentage. Let's go with 80% in here as an example. Um and then we could go give the rule a name. So, we could say women plus 80%. Just something so that when you create multiple rules, you can um easily see which ones which and apply them to your ad set, which I'll show you how to do in a second. You can see we've got rules, one out of 10. You can add up to 10 rules. And you can have different rules that do um different things. So, you can have one for uh gender, like this case. We could have a different one for age. We could have a different one for conversion location. So, you can have multiple rules going. So, what do we have here? Let's call this women plus uh 80%. And then we go ahead and click create. So, that is now our rule set. Just because we've created it in here does not mean that it's applied to our campaigns. We still need to specifically say we want to use these in the ad sets uh that we want to apply to. Which is great cuz it means you could have different rules applying to different campaigns, different ad sets. And sometimes you might not want to apply any any value rules um to certain ad sets. And that's if you really know your data and you know, "Okay, we know that women are more valuable than men for this product range that we're advertising in this campaign, but that's not true with this other product range." Um so, you can get quite specific with it, be quite sophisticated. So, to get the value rule to actually apply, um let me show you how you do that. If I just create a quick example, I'll do use a leads campaign, but value rules, like many Meta ads features, will apply to other campaign objectives as well. Um then I jump to the ad set level. That's where we apply our value rules. But I scroll down, and then we get to this value rule section. It says, "Apply an existing value rule set." I can go ahead and click apply, um but we can get more specific. So, if I click in here, um we can, you know, decide whether or not to apply a rule set. Uh women plus 80% is what we've used, but we could Had we created other rules, we could select a different one depending on what it is that you want to do. Now, once you publish this ad set, this value rule will apply to this ad set and Meta will bid 80% more for a in this case a lead cuz it's a lead campaign, but you could have it set up for sales campaign as well for a conversion from women as opposed to men. Um and the performance and the ad impression distribution of this ad set versus the equivalent without a value rule is going to be significantly different because an 80% uplift in bid is quite significant. Hyros is the best tracking and attribution software for Meta ads. It's the software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done-for-you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyros has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated 96,000 pounds. But, 58,000 pounds of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my Meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So, most of our products services have a recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what did we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. And value rules represent a really big shift in Meta ads targeting. You know, we had the really old-school way of doing things which used to be really specific, just target very specific interests or lookalikes in lots of different ad sets. Then we moved away from that cuz most advertisers saw better results with open or broad targeting, just letting Meta work it out. And now we've got this hybrid now we can benefit from open targeting, letting Meta find the best possible prospects to put ads in front of, but we can have an influence over it and we can give Meta information and context that it otherwise wouldn't have. Meta is not able to factor in differing lifetime customer values because they have attribution windows. They can only track conversions that take place relatively short time period after someone's interacted with your ad. I mean, 7 days at a maximum, but could be 1 day if it's engaged through or or view-through conversion, right? Um Meta also doesn't have visibility over refund rates. Now, you might take a look at your data and work out that people on buying on Android devices have a much higher refund rate than people buying on iOS devices. So, you could create a value rule around device type. You could work out that um people under 35 are far more likely to refund than people over 35 depending on what you sell. And then again, you can use a value rule to say, we want more customers 35 and over, less 35 and under. Meta often doesn't have visibility over your conversion rate from lead to client. Now, you can set that up so it's tracked and the the conversion lead data is imported into ad account, but most Meta advertisers don't do that. Can be somewhat tricky to do to get that set up with your CRM, much easier to create a value rule if you know that people in a certain location, certain demographic, whatever it happens to be are more likely to convert from lead to client. And these are all things that have a big impact on your business and the profitability of your marketing of your advertising. And if Meta doesn't have visibility over it, they won't be able to factor that in to optimizing your campaigns, but things like refund rates, lifetime values, conversion rates are hugely important. You can give Meta that information by introducing value rules and and it's likely to improve your campaign when done right and improve your results significantly when done right. Now, in order to do this, of course, you need to know your numbers and you need to know the data. Like I when I went through the example, I increased the bid by 80% when it came to targeting women and getting conversions from them as opposed to men. Now, in order to work out by what percentage you need to increase or decrease your bid, you need to know in real numbers how much more valuable is that demographic than a different one. And in your CRM, you should be able to see that. And actually, I speak to a lot of advertisers where this data exists. It's in a combination of their CRM, their ad account, maybe third-party tracking software if they use it, and they just need to take the time to just sit down for 90 minutes, 2 hours, go through it all, and work out so often advertisers will do that cuz I talk about this all the time and I have lots of Q&A calls and I say, go ahead and do this. And so often someone will come back to me and go, I had no idea that such and such demographic or people in this location, they're worth way more to our business. Like I can it's right there in the CRM. They're worth so much more valuable over their lifetime. I had no idea. And that's brilliant cuz then you can come in and you can create a value rule to reflect that. You may also decide to change your marketing messaging, so the copy in your ads, the messaging in your creative to more specifically target those people. Let's say, you know what, we're really going to target 35-pluses because underneath that, we just hardly make any money. They give us all the headaches and over that, they're they're significantly more valuable. As as an example. So, you really need to know your numbers. You need to know you need to be able to spot the commonalities between the different groups within your customer base, who is more valuable, who can you serve better, and then reflect that in your value rules. Knowing your numbers is useful anyway, but definitely a step you need to take before you dive in and set this up. And whilst we're on the topic of targeting, I have completely changed my retargeting strategy recently. And I demonstrate it in a lot of detail in this video here. Post Andromeda recommended campaign structure and the way of doing things has changed. Retargeting has had to change because of it. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and give this a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  2. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  3. @Üstün_Insan [1 likes]: This channel has been pushing ads in such an aggressive way for years—always claiming there’s some “new method.” Stop making it seem so complicated or intimidating. Facebook/Meta Ads already clearly explain how things work: your results depend on your budget. Spend less, get less impact; spend more, get more.

Stop scaring people and making advertising look harder than it actually is!!
  4. @eritreafirst2857 [1 likes]: Nice video as usual Ben, you can you make a video about DPA, i used to get great results using DPA for before 2023, is it still working for ecommerce, earlier using most of product in the dpa for fashion and furniture was gold, is it still working? Hope you answer here or with a video so people in ecommerce can get benefit from your valuable experience.
  5. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  6. @ShilaDas-e5l: Great video
  7. @Ccdesignsofficial: Great video let me try it out
  8. @Naveed_IDK: Could have been way easier. For location yu have to put specific location in value rules. So for every ad will I create a new value rue?  Then why do they even keep the location targeting in the actual ad?
  9. @sanjibmunda724: So nice vedio
  10. @a7madksb: Helpful video ❤
  11. @praniczadhikari1123: @BenHeath please post video how do we set ads these days please
  12. @are3s_249: Im commenting because i have been pursuing this and i just recently got my first client off of cold calling and i would hope if someone on youe team could help me this can really save my life please i have him waiting need help man
  13. @kotowassiya666: I highly recommend this video, although there are many like it.
  14. @GiancarloVeramendi: Do I have to create a new post to implement this? I have a reboost post that I am trying to add the value rules to an existing campaing
  15. @simonetait5849: Have you seen the new feature called customer lifecycle strategy, it is a bit confusing because it asks if you want more conversions or new customers. But don't we want both? How do you use this feature to get the most out of your ad campaign?
  16. @AbuRayhan-xz4yc: Great and helpful video, i like this
  17. @benhofmeister7663: Great video, a question I have as a beginner is what database set ups do you suggest e.g. what CRM & third party systems should I use to make sure I am feeding Meta high quality data and able to query data when I need to?
  18. @hackerjocker8083: Why did the dubbing move to Arabic?
  19. @vincentchong7288: Meta just launched its MCP server, which means you can now connect it to ChatGPT, Claude, or other similar AI tools. I’ve only tested it for retrieving information from my ads account so far, and it works. I’ve also seen others sharing that they’re using it to create ads, but I haven’t tested that part yet. Hope you can make a video showing how to set it up, and I’d also love to hear your thoughts on the possible use cases for this new feature!
  20. @joeyy_k: I also found that my campaigns worked better on CBO than on ABO. If you still want to allocate some budget, you can use Ad set spending limits. What's your opinion on that?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Beginners in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en I spent more than 200 million dollars on Facebook ads over the past 12 years working with more than 3,000 clients in just about every industry you could think of. And in this video, I'm going to walk you through the entire process of creating a Facebook ad campaign and an Instagram ad campaign from scratch. [music] So, if you've never created a Facebook ad before, or if you have been on 100% sure that you set up everything correctly, this is the exact video you need because I'm going to show you every single step and setting you need to get right. So, before we dive into the fun stuff and start putting our ad campaign together, we first need to get our account structure just sorted. And what I mean by that is creating a Meta Business Manager account because your Business Manager account is what holds all your Meta ad assets. So, things like your ad account, your Facebook page, your Instagram profile. To do that, you want to come through to this page, which is business.facebook.com. Now, in order to set one of these up, you will need to be logged into your Facebook profile on the browser that you're using. Uh the process is really straightforward. Unfortunately, I can't demonstrate it because we already have tons of accounts. But, if you just come through to this page, make sure you're logged into your Facebook profile, go through the process. Meta's just going to ask for a few simple bits of information about your business. Just very simple, very straightforward to go through. Once you've done that, you'll be taken through to your Meta Business Suite. And this is what it looks like, although yours might look different if you haven't got, you know, the things like your Facebook page and your Instagram profile added as I have here. The Meta Business Suite is a really useful tool, something to know about for later on. You've got things like inbox where you can [clears throat] manage comments on your Facebook and Instagram ad. You can respond or delete them, etc. You've got Lead Center where you can manage the leads you generate via instant forms. More about that later on. You've got Creator Marketplace where you can find creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. Lots of useful stuff in here. But, what we want to do is go ahead and click on settings cuz we need to finish setting up that structure that I talked about earlier. And it's this settings page where we can add in those Meta ad assets that I referred to earlier. So, make sure we get the your Facebook page in your Business Manager account. Same with Instagram account, etc., etc., right? And by the way, yours might look a little bit different because you're not probably going to have more than 100 people added to your Business Manager account and more than 1,000 ad accounts. We literally have more than 1,000 ad accounts in our Business Manager. Um but, that's absolutely fine. You'll still be able to follow along with the process. So, let's start with the Facebook page. I'm going to go here and go over to pages. And then, I'm going to click on this add down here. So, we've got a few different options, right? We've got add an existing Facebook page. So, if you already have a Facebook page, something you're definitely going to want and need to run ads um on Facebook, right? Then, what you want to do is move that page over into this Business Manager account. You can request access to uh request shared access to a Facebook page. So, if it's linked with another Business Manager account for some reason, maybe you've had an agency working on some stuff for you, but you also want to get it out in here, then you can go with that option. Or, you can just go ahead and create a new Facebook page if you haven't got one and need to do so. I think most of you are going to be adding an existing Facebook page, so let's demonstrate that. So, if I go ahead and click on that, it's very, very simple. You just go ahead and add in the Facebook page name or the URL. So, you just want to go ahead and paste the URL to your Facebook page in here as I've done just there. Once I select this, it's going to say it page is already in your business portfolio, so I can't go through the rest of the process, but it's very straightforward. You just go ahead and click next. Um don't worry about review people, we'll cover that in a minute. And then, you just request approval. So, you're basically sending an approval to whoever the admins are of that Facebook page already. That's probably you. That's probably your Facebook profile. You'll probably get a notification and an email. You can just go ahead and approve, and then that page will be moved into this Business Manager, and you've taken care of that. Okay, so let's go ahead and do Instagram accounts next. Same process. We go ahead and click on add. Oh, a quick warning about adding an Instagram account in here. Only Instagram professional accounts can be added to a business portfolio. If you add a personal account, it will be switched to professional. You want a professional Instagram account for your business anyway if you're going to be running ads and operating as a business, that's fine. So, once you add it in, it'll be switched, no problem. You've got to agree to the terms, and then you go ahead and click on add Instagram account. And then, this process is really straightforward, right? So, you just need to log into your Instagram account. Again, if I try to do this, it's going to say it's already added in there. And then, you just provide access by logging in. You don't even then need to approve um via a notification on the other end. So, really straightforward just to go through that. Let's go ahead and cancel. Okay, next, let's do your ad accounts. We've come into ad accounts, and we go ahead and click on add. Again, we've got a number of different options. So, you can create a new ad account. If you've never run an ad before, you've never boosted a post, um then you probably don't have an ad account. You can go ahead and create one. You just want to go ahead and click on create an ad account, and then enter in the information that Meta asks for. Ad account name, so you can just put your business name in there. Select your right time zone. Select your right currency. Make sure you get these right. If you don't, uh it's very difficult to change them uh later on. So, just make sure, you know, this is defaulted to US dollars, but I mean, you can change it. So, most likely I'm going to want to change that to GBP to pounds. Um but, just go through the process. I'm not going to go through it uh like I've explained for previously. We've already got plenty, plenty of ad accounts. But, go through the process um very straightforward, and then your ad account will be created. If you already have one, like I said, if you've ever boosted a post, you've ever run an ad, you do have an ad account. What you want to do is add an existing ad account. So, you click click on this, and you just add in your ad account ID. You paste that in there. Click confirm. Again, a notification will be sent to whoever currently owns that ad account, and you need to then approve that. Very similar process to the Facebook page. I will show you in a minute once we get into the ad account itself and start creating the campaign where to find find your ad account ID in case you're unfamiliar with that process. So, those are the three that you really need to get added in. You need your Instagram account, your Facebook page, uh and your ad account. There are other stuff you can get looked to add in, WhatsApp accounts and other business assets, data sources, all sorts. But, that's really what you need to get started, and you'll you'll see as we go through this process, I really want to make getting your first Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns up and running as easy as possible. We're not going to mess with all the various advanced settings and features. That complicates the process and becomes a barrier to entry. So, let's keep it simple. We can add complexity later on. The other thing quick thing I want to mention is around people. Um this might not be important for you right now if you're only the one who's going to be managing your Facebook and Instagram ads, the only one involved in that process. But, at some point, you might want other people to be involved. So, let me just quickly show you how this works. If I go ahead and click on invite people, you then just need the email addresses associated with their Facebook profile. You can add that in there and then send them the invite. Again, they'll receive a notification they need to accept it. And then, you can assign access. I won't go through that process cuz I can demonstrate it um elsewhere. And then, once you've got someone added, like I've got here, you can go ahead and click assign asset, and you can say, "Look, I want them to have access, for example, to this Facebook page, and I want them to be able to run ads, or or deal with content, or have full control over absolutely everything." Um so, you can give people different levels of access so they can work on the things they need to be able to work on without having to give them access to everything. So, it's quite a quite a neat solution to be able to do this. You want to do that process with yourself, with your own profile. Make sure you get yourself added and give yourself the various assets um that you've added in here, Facebook page, Instagram account, ad account. Okay. So, hopefully that wasn't too complicated. That's our structure set up. What we now need to do is go ahead and dive in and actually create our ad campaign. So, you can create ad campaigns from within the Meta Business Suite, but I'd recommend you do so from within Ads Manager. So, if you go ahead and click on these three little lines or tools, you will see Ads Manager here. And then, if I click on this, you've got a few different options. I want you to come through to the Campaigns tab. Um if you go through to Account Overview and think, "Hang on, this looks very different to everything Ben demonstrates not just um in this video, but potentially in my other videos," it's cuz I'm basically always in the Campaigns tab within Ads Manager. So, now we get to the really interesting part where we can start creating our Facebook and Instagram ad campaign. Oh, just quickly, I mentioned around grabbing your ad account ID earlier to be able to move a an ad account, an existing ad account into your Business Manager account, and you can just grab that up here. Right at the top. Um you'll see that. So, you can come in and uh and paste that in and get it moved over. So, the first thing to know about Meta ad campaigns, about Facebook and Instagram ad campaigns, is that there are three levels to a campaign. You've got the campaign level, and then within that, you've got ad sets, and then within ad sets, you've got ads. And each one of those stages is responsible for different things um around what people see, but also who sees it, various settings, budgets, etc., etc. We're going to go through all of it. But, that's the first thing to understand that you can have, for example, multiple ad sets within one campaign, multiple ads within one ad set. So, it's very much um that sort of structure. So, we want to start by creating a new campaign. So, make sure you've got Campaigns out of those three selected, and then go ahead and click on this plus green create button. And there are a couple of settings that we need to choose right at the beginning because whatever we select here will impact the options available to us later on as we go through the campaign creation process. Don't worry about collaborative ads, more of an advanced thing. We're going to ignore that. Uh not for today, something I talk about in other videos, and and you can move on to later on if that's something that you want to do. But, two things we do need to talk about are the buying types and the campaign objective. So, we've got two different buying types. We've got auction, and we've got reservation. Auction is just the cost of your Facebook and Instagram ads is going to be determined by simple market forces, demand and supply. More demand, higher cost. Less demand, lower cost. And that's demand from advertisers, by the way. How many advertisers there are, how much they're willing to spend. Uh reservation, you can actually guarantee a certain price, often a lower price. And and the cost of Facebook and Instagram advertising is normally measured in CPMs. So, cost per 1,000 impressions. So, it's cheaper to use reservation, but that's not the option I'd recommend you use, which might sound bizarre. Here's why. In order for Meta to be able to guarantee that lower cost, they are going to put your ads in front of lower quality prospects, or lower quality ad placements. The better quality ad impressions are usually seen through auction, and that's a big deal. So, I'd recommend you go with auction. Let's move on to campaign objective. So, you've got six different options here, and they do different things. And your campaign objective is really, really important because it's going to inform how Meta optimizes your campaign. So, you're basically saying to Meta, "This is what I want." And Meta's really powerful machine learning and AI-based systems are going to optimize your ads, work out who to advertise to, what time of day, how often, all those things to get you more of what you want. That's why it's so important to get your campaign objective set up correctly. So, you've got awareness. Awareness is where Meta will put your ads in front of people that are most likely to remember them. Put your ads in front of as many people as possible. Not an option I typically recommend for beginners or for businesses operating with a relatively small Facebook and Instagram ad budget because it can be quite an easy way in those scenarios to spend a bunch of money and not really see anything back for it. What we see with awareness is it can work really well for larger businesses with big budgets because awareness takes time and it takes a lot of ad impressions across a lot of people over an extended period. Bigger businesses have those budgets, smaller ones and beginners to to Meta ads typically don't. There is an exception and that's if you sell a high-ticket or expertise-based service and you might want to use my omnipresent content strategy which typically does use awareness. I'm not going to cover that in this video. I just wanted to quickly mention it and you'll be able to find a video about my omnipresent content strategy in on my channel. So, if you meet that criteria, maybe go ahead and and check that out. But otherwise, for most of you watching this, I would say leave awareness alone for now. Then we've got traffic. Traffic is designed to optimize for as many link clicks as possible or as many landing pages as possible to get as many people from Facebook and Instagram to your website. Now, a lot of beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers use traffic. They think, "Great. I'll send a load of traffic to my website. I want as many people as possible. I'll then generate my leads, sales, etc. from those people." It's not typically the best way to go though if you do really want purchases or you do really want leads that can go on to use your services. There are better options that we'll get to in a minute because Meta's optimization system is very literal. So, if you say to Meta, "I want as many link clicks as possible." Meta is very good at finding people that are likely to click. But those people don't necessarily go on to convert. Other campaign objectives and options might be better at, yes, generating a few less clicks to your website, but the people that do arrive are far more likely to go ahead and take the next action. Sometimes we are forced to use the traffic objective if you cannot optimize, you cannot track a purchase on your website or you cannot track who becomes a lead. Let's say for example, you're sending traffic through to a third-party site where you can't track the actions that people take once they get there. Well, then you may be forced to use traffic. Engagement is what it sounds like, a campaign objective is going to optimize for likes, comments, and video views. Basically, just getting people to engage with the ads themselves. There are use cases for engagement, but I'm not going to go into them here. Not something I typically recommend most beginners use. The vast majority of Facebook and Instagram advertising beginners want to use either leads or sales and I'll explain I'll talk about both of those together. Um that's what we really want from Meta ad campaigns, particularly if we're operating with a small budget, particularly if we're getting started because you want to generate those leads, generate those sales in the short run to provide the profitability to be able to reinvest and scale your campaigns and your business and that's the whole point why we're running ads in the first place, right? So, leads and sales are much more direct response marketing and and if you select leads, then Meta will optimize your campaign for people who are likely to go on to become a lead. If you select sales, Meta will do likewise. The decision between which one of these two to use is what does your sales funnel structure look like? If someone comes through directly to your website and makes a purchase, go with sales. Meta can track that. You can set up so Meta can track that quite accurately and then you're good to go. If however, people book in a call with you or they sign up for a free quote or something along those lines, they don't actually check out with you online, then go with leads and you can optimize for that step knowing that obviously they need to convert those people whether it's via phone call or email or whatever it whatever your sales funnel structure looks like, right? And then you've got app promotion. If you've got an app, obviously the option to use. If you don't, don't use it. You can use app promotion not just for getting more people to install your app, but also for trying to sell in-app events, whether it's like an in-app purchase for example as well. For demonstration purposes in this video, I'm going to go ahead and select leads, but what I'm about to talk about very much applies to sales which I think 90 plus percent of you what going through this video should be using either leads or sales. So, very much what we go through from now on is sales-based, but the example campaign that I'm going to use is leads-based. So, we're going to use that for demonstration purposes. If I go ahead and click continue, there are a few more things that we need to set at the campaign level, okay? So, the very first thing at the top is campaign name. You just want to call this something that is going to make sense to you when you're reviewing the campaigns. If you've got the one campaign, it's pretty obvious. Once you've had an ad account running for a few years and you've got lots of different campaigns, you run lots of different offers and promotions, you want to label it up something that that makes sense. I'm just going to leave that as new leads campaign, but I just wanted to to quickly note that, okay? So, in these campaign details, we've already talked about buying type, we've already talked about campaign objective. I'm not going to bother with the show more options. Then we get into budget, okay? So, we've got budget strategy. The default selected here is campaign budget, but we can select ad set budget if we want. And to explain the differences between the two, with campaign budget, the budget is set at the campaign level meaning that if you have multiple ad sets, budget will be distributed to those ad sets according to performance. So, if you've got ad set A that's performing much better than ad set B, ad set A will get more of the budget. However, what you can do instead is select ad set budget and say, "No, no, I want to have manual control over how much each ad set gets from a budget perspective." Then you can go ahead and do that. In this instance, the campaign I'm going to demonstrate is only going to have one campaign and one ad set. And in that scenario, it doesn't make any difference whether you set the budget at the campaign level or the ad set level. So, I'm just going to leave that as a default, but I just wanted to explain the options. If you've got multiple ad sets, then might be something that you want to change. You might be happy just leaving it at campaign budget allowing Meta to allocate budget according to performance because if Meta spends more of our budget on the best performing elements, we get better results, right? Then we've got this budget option down here. The default is daily budget. You can change to lifetime budgets. I prefer daily budgets. With a lifetime budget, you end up with a fixed-length campaign. So, let's say you want to run a campaign for 7 days or 14 days, you can go ahead and select lifetime budget and then Meta is going to spend your money to try and get you as many of your result that you want what you've selected as your objective as possible, and but they're going to do that over that time period. So, your spend might be quite lumpy. You might spend very little at the beginning, quite a lot in the middle, very little at the end or it could be a different combination, whatever Meta thinks will produce the best results. Daily budgets are a lot more flexible and a lot more consistent and if you want to run a campaign longer, you don't want to after the 7-day lifetime campaign have to create a new one and Meta go back through the learning phase and everything like that. We'll talk about more about that later on. Daily budgets allows you to do that. You also have more scalability. You can change the budget with a daily budget campaign more easily without running into issues, okay? So, in terms of what to start with, how much should you spend? I've got some some guidelines around that. What I recommend particularly beginners do is they set a budget that they could afford to lose. So, you you wouldn't be in financial difficulties either you or your business if you ran the ad campaign, you spent this much money on it and it didn't work out because it's a marketing campaign. There are no guarantees. You may well need to try a few different offers in your ads in order to find one that lands. You may need to test a few different ads to find one that lands, right? So, there's no guarantee it's going to work out really well from day one. Obviously, going through this video is really going to help you and increase your your chances of success there, but no guarantees. So, let's be smart about this. But on the other hand, you don't want to spend a budget amount that is so small that you don't care about it at all. You don't want to be one of these things where you set it up and just think, "Ah, whatever. It's going to take a long in the background." You want to be involved and engaged in the process and I find that there's often a sweet spot where you could afford to lose that money and it wouldn't be disastrous, but it would sting a little. That's normally a sweet spot where you're really actively in there, but you've given yourself time to be able to test and experiment and work out what can work right there. So, I'm just going to leave this as the default, but just that that's going to vary massively depending on the business. There's no right amount which is a question I get asked a lot. For some businesses, that's going to be $10 a day. For others, it's going to be $5,000 a day. Like varying sizes of businesses, massively different budgets. What matters and what they can afford to lose very very different, right? Then we've got campaign bid strategy. Now, this is really important. If I go ahead and click on this, you can see this is says how we'll bid in ad auctions. Highest volume is the default. That's exactly what I want to go with here because that will determine how Meta optimizes the campaign. Basically, we set this up as a leads campaign and we want the highest volume of leads as possible, right? There are other options. We could add in a cost per result goal or a bid cap to say, "I'm only willing to pay a certain amount." Not something I'd recommend you mess with as a beginner. So, I'm not going to worry about the more settings or the AB testing. Those are more advanced things you may want to look into later on. I have videos covering them all, but for now we want to make it as simple as possible to get set up and and get started to gain momentum, then you can look to make things more complicated. We do need to talk about special ad categories though. So, special ad categories, if your ads fall into any of these categories, right? They're related to financial products and services, employment, housing, social social issues, election or politics, then you have to select that that's the case. When you do that, it is going to impact some of the options you have later on through the campaign creation process. So, for example, for a lot of these, you're going to have unlimited targeting options and have to rely more on Meta to be able to work out who to put your ads in front of. It's a way of sort of protecting user privacy and things along those lines. Um if you do fall within one of these categories or you think you might fall in one of these categories, definitely select it. If you don't and then you go ahead and run ads anyway, a good chance not only your ads will be rejected, but your whole ad account can get disapproved which can then be quite difficult to overturn or you have to create a new ad account. Not something that you want to deal with. Most of you won't have any of these as a as an option for, you know, that you'll need to select and given what it is you're advertising, but for those that do, make sure you go ahead and select them. I'm not going to there. I'm going to go ahead and click next. Okay, so that's the campaign level done. Now we move on to the ad set level where we've got a bunch of other settings that we need to decide and set things up. So, the first we need to choose here is the conversion location. Where do we want these leads to occur? Where do we want them to take place? We just set this up as a a leads campaign. Again, very similar process for a sales campaign. Now, the default here is website and instant forms. So, website is pretty straightforward. It's I want to generate leads via my website. So, send people from Facebook, from Instagram, to my website where they can then book a call or fill out a contact form. Few different types of leads, obviously, where they can go ahead and become a lead. Instant form is a little bit different. That's where you can click on an ad, say within Facebook or Instagram, instead of going through to your website, you are instead presented with an instant form. A form where people can provide their contact information that then allows you as the business to reach out to them and hopefully progress that lead into a full customer. And with this conversion location selected, you can generate leads either via your website or via instant forms. And Meta will test both, see which performs best, and then allocate budget accordingly. They may also predict for an individual user, is this person more likely to become a lead via website or is this person more likely to become a lead via an instant form? So, different people might see different ads or different conversion locations go through the process. For the purposes of this video though, and and sort of getting started with your Facebook and Instagram ads, keeping things as simple as possible, we talked about that being important, get some results, gain momentum, and then you can look to add in more complicated things. I'm just going to go ahead and select website because having instant forms there as well means you need to create an instant form. That's a whole extra element as part of the the campaign creation process. But, you probably already have a landing page that you can send people to. That may well want to be improved, but like I said, let's let's make it as easy as possible to get started and reduce that barrier to entry. And also, if you are running through this, following along with this tutorial, creating a sales campaign, you're an e-commerce business, for example, well, you're not going to have the instant form option, and you're going to want to be sending people through to your website. So, we can all sort of follow along if I select website. I think that's a good option for a lot of beginners. Now, if you don't have a website and you want to get started quickly and easily generating leads via Facebook and Instagram, then you can just go ahead and select instant forms and just have that as an option and and not need a website. Um but yeah, but I think for most people they will already have one who's watching this video, and that's a a good way to go. But, you can also see there are lots of different ways to generate leads, right? You can generate leads via Messenger, uh via Instagram, via WhatsApp, calls. People can call your business. So, depending on your business, where you are in the world, for example, WhatsApp's a lot more prevalent in certain parts of the world than others, that might be a really good way to go where you can start a chat on WhatsApp and look to generate leads that way. Um you might want to have a play around with this and think about for your market, for your business, what what makes the most sense. And you can always test multiple options. Nothing wrong with that. In fact, I actively encourage that sort of thing as you can often find ways of improving things when you do so. So, once we select our our conversion location, in this case website, that is going to change what options we have down here. The the most important of which being performance goal. So, I talked earlier at the campaign creation stage about how important the campaign objective is in getting that right. You can still mess up a good campaign objective selection with a bad performance goal. Because what the campaign objective selection really does is it determines which options you have later on. The performance goal is how Meta's going to optimize your campaign. So, let me click in here and we can take a look at the options, right? So, the default is maximize number of conversions, but underneath leads goals we also have maximize value of conversions. Now, maximize number of conversions is absolutely fine if you're advertising the one service, and when someone becomes a lead, they look just as valuable as anyone else who becomes a lead. But, if you're advertising multiple services, then it might be that one service, if someone goes on to convert, they're worth $200 to your business. Whereas with another service, if they go on to convert, they're worth $5,000 to your business. There's a massive difference in the value of those two leads depending on what they've said they're interested in. If you go with maximize value of conversions, then Meta is going to not just try and get as many conversions as possible, but optimize and weight it in favor of the more valuable conversions. In other words, you might end up paying more in terms of cost per lead, but that's a trade-off you'd be happy to make if you got more leads for the $5,000 service as opposed to the the $200 service, right? So, this really depends on your business which one you'll go with. If you're just advertising the one service within this campaign, absolutely fine to go with maximize number of conversions. But, if you've got differing services with differing values, definitely go with maximize value of conversions. Now, in order to track that, you're going to need to make sure that you've got all the tracking set up properly. So, you're going to need to have the Meta pixel installed and the values of each lead being sent back to Meta. I've got a video about pixel installation, you're going to need that if you're sending people to your website uh no matter what, you're going to need to have the pixel installed properly. Um and I've also got videos on conversions API, which is something else that's recommended from a tracking standpoint. So, you can check those out um cuz that's an important part of the the setup of a campaign creation process of getting started with Facebook and Instagram ads if you are sending people through to your website. Uh check out those videos, but yeah, that's the difference between those two. If you're running a sales campaign, you have basically the same options, but the wording might be slightly different. And in that scenario, let's say you're a real e-commerce business, I would absolutely recommend you go with the value option, with the option that maximizes return on ad spend or maximizes value. Because you can always track differing values because they go through straight to your website and purchase there and then. And some people will spend a little bit when they check out. Some people will spend a lot when they check out, and it's really important that you get Meta to optimize for the people that are more likely to spend more when they come through to your to your website. So, definitely go The wording might be slightly different in terms of what these are called, but you'll see the same options, right? Between just get me as many sales as possible versus get me the most value overall as possible. So, uh act in favor of the higher value purchases, the higher value checkouts, right? In this instance, I'm just advertising the one service with the leads being equally valuable when they become a lead within this campaign, so I'm going to go with maximize number of conversions, but just wanted to talk through that option. Now, what's really, really important, is what I said a second ago around if you get your performance goal wrong, you can mess up your campaign um even if you've selected the right campaign objective, is do not select one of these other goals. So, don't say maximize number of landing page views or link clicks. If you do that, it's going to run just like a traffic campaign, and you'll get lots of clicks, lots of landing page views, probably not many leads, not many sales. Don't go with daily unique reach. That's going to run just like an awareness campaign uh or maximize number of impressions, very similarly, right? So, you can sort of you can mess things up by selecting one of these other goals. Go with the leads goals or the sales goals, and you should be all good. Uh data set, I already talked about the pixel, but just double-check to make sure that yeah, the pixel's installed. This is an example of ad accounts, we've got example ad accounts pixel. Like I said, I have other videos you can check out on those. And then we need to choose the specific conversion event that we want to optimize for. So, we're saying to Meta, look, get me as many conversions of this conversion as possible. For that, you're going to have the pixel set up properly. But yes, we want as many leads as possible. We could change that to schedule or one of the other options that um that we might want to optimize for as part of our leads campaign. You'll see a similar process for a sales campaign where you can optimize for purchases or you can optimize for add to carts. My preference would be to go for purchases provided you're generating enough purchases for Meta to be able to learn. We know that that process is important. If not, you might need to go for a step that's higher up um the sales funnel, okay? Anyway, moving on. Don't worry about cost per result goal, not something to mess with. Don't worry about value rule sets. We've got a value rule set preview here, but this is very much, you know, cuz I demonstrated this as an example ad account in previous videos. I have videos on value rules if you want to check this out, not something that um beginners need to mess with, neither the show more options or the dynamic creative. We get next down into the budget schedule. Now, we've already talked about the budget being set at the campaign level, and we've talked through the logic of how much you want to spend, and you want to go with daily budgets and all that. Here, we really just have now the power to set a start and end date. You might want to set an end date if it just provides some sort of like mental security that, okay, this campaign's not just going to run indefinitely, and I'm going to forget about it and end up spending far more than I want. You can go and set an end date. We're going to be in our campaigns plenty enough where we just don't need to worry about that. We're managing them all the time and that sort of thing. Again, I'm not going to mess with show more settings here, either. Lots of advanced stuff that we're scooting over, but I think that's helpful when you're getting started. Okay, then we get down into the audience section. And the audience section is all about targeting. And targeting's probably the thing that made, what originally was just Facebook ads, famous. Uh but even as Instagram was added, that's the thing that got marketers and advertisers excited about the platform, is the ability to be able to target. There's been a lot of changes to the targeting process, and we're in a very different place than what we were, say, 5, 6 years ago. Um Meta's targeting is still very powerful, but the setup is different. I'll I'll go through it and explain. So, within this audience section, we have two main categories. We've got controls, and we've got suggested audience. The difference between these two sections is that anything set within the control section is a hard constraint, a hard boundary. So, you can see, for example, the location, which I'll talk about in a second, the default here is United Kingdom. Meta's going to basically follow that instruction, right? We're only going to put ads in front of people in the United Kingdom. Whereas anything added in this suggested audience section is a suggestion. You're basically giving Meta's targeting algorithms an indication of who you think should see your ads, who your ads should be put in front of, but at the end of the day, it's up to Meta to either go with people within that targeting criteria or find other people that it thinks will are likely to get you more of what we talked about up here, which is maximize number of conversions, lead conversions, basically. Who's likely to become a lead might be outside of your targeting criteria, and Meta can go beyond that with the suggested audience section. So, let's run through this. So, the first thing we need to decide is location. This is defaulted to the whole of the United Kingdom because that's where I'm based, but that may or may not be right for your business, right? So, what should we do here from a targeting standpoint? It's very simple. Advertise where your customers are. That might be one country, that That be the whole of the UK, that might be international. So, for example, we could advertise the whole of the UK. We could advertise the whole of the US. So, for example, our major markets as an agency are going to be UK, US, Australia, Canada. I mean, we actually have clients literally in 50 plus countries, um Western Europe, and Singapore, and UAE, and all sorts, right? Um but our major major markets are going to be, you know, UK, US, Canada, etc. So, we could, for example, look to advertise to multiple countries. Or, if you're a local business, you could get a lot more specific. So, let's say, for example, you're a local business based in Bath, which is a place in the UK. Uh so, Bath in Somerset. And if I delete out the United States, we can see in the map where we're targeting. So, we've got Bath plus 25 mi as a default. You might go, "Oh, no, you know, that's too far. People either aren't willing to travel to us, if you're a local business from that sense, or we're not willing to travel that far." Cuz local business could be either way, right? You could be a plumber traveling to customers, or you could be a cafe with people coming to you. Um so, you could go, "No, no, no, no, no, we're going to go with 15 mi around. I think that's more appropriate." Obviously, you can you can decide this. Now, I don't want you to overthink this. I don't want you to think, "Well, I'm a local business, but um I have to advertise nationally because Meta likes nice big audiences like No, no, no, just where your audience are. I also don't want you to artificially constrain the location targeting just because you think that's where the people are who are most likely to be interested in in in your products or services. So, for example, if you sell products nationally in the UK, don't go, "Oh, I'm only going to advertise in London because people in London are wealthier, and they're more likely to buy my products or services." Like, Meta will work that out. And if your uh best prospects are in a certain location, more of your ad spend will be spent there. But you don't want to artificially constrain it because Meta might think might find some people that are in not in that location that are also great prospects, even if the density of those people in those other locations is lower, right? So, basically, where your customers are is good to good to select. One thing to quickly mention about local businesses is you now have this option, which is reach more people likely to respond to your ads and deselect it. So, it says here, "We'll also show ads to people interested in your selected cities and regions in those countries." So, for example, do we want people Do we want to advertise to people that are interested in the city of Bath or not? A lot of local businesses find that they'll generate leads from people that have perhaps traveled to that location, but if you're a roofer, that's not overly helpful because you're not going to be able to serve those people that live halfway across the country. So, a lot of local businesses want to deselect this, even if Meta pops up a warning saying you're likely to see um worse results. 6.7% lower cost per result if you select it. Yeah, but what's the point of having a lower cost per lead if you can't service those leads in this scenario. So, most local businesses want to deselect this. For demonstration purposes, though, I am going to go with uh for the rest of this video, United Kingdom, and just leave it at that, okay? Right, moving on. We've got show more controls. So, in show more controls, we've got a minimum age, so you can select anything from 18 up to 25. This is typically recommended if you're advertising something in a particular location, and there are legal restrictions on who can and can't buy it. For example, in some places, you need to be 21 to buy certain things, right? So, you want to select 21 as your minimum. Otherwise, often best to uh leave it open. It only goes up to 25. This is not like strict age targeting criteria. This is just uh for the purposes that I described. Custom audiences is I'll explain in a second. And then we've also got languages, right? So, it could be that you could only serve people that speak a certain language within a certain location. If you operate within a country with multiple languages, and you think, "Ah, we're only able to serve this uh market," then you can go ahead and add in specific languages, um if that's appropriate for your business. Most of the time, it's not going to be. Go with all languages. I'm going to leave that as the default. Then we get down And that's all you have control over from a hard boundary standpoint. Like, do not go beyond these targeting constraints, so please Meta. Okay, so then we've got the suggestion audience section. So, like I said, these are suggestions. This is designed to give Meta direction, particularly helpful when you've got a new Meta ad account, when Meta doesn't know who's likely to become a lead. They don't know that people interested in cats who are 43 and live in this certain location are most likely to buy your products and services, right? That's an example. Um >> [snorts] >> So, here we can give Meta some direction. So, we The first thing we've got is include these custom audiences. And I said I'd talk about custom audiences a second ago. Custom audiences are warm audiences, people who have interacted with your business before. Lots of different types of custom audiences, people who have visited your website, people on your email list, people who have engaged with your Facebook page or Instagram profile, watched videos of yours, become leads, all sorts. I've got whole tutorials about targeting and setting up custom audiences, and definitely something you want to do later on. For now, don't worry about it. Firstly, you probably don't have much in the way of custom audiences yet if you're just getting started with your advertising. Secondly, they can always be created and added in later on. Okay, then beneath that, we've got age. Now, remember this is a suggestion. So, often you want to say to Meta, "These are my This is the age range of my ideal prospects, my ideal customers." But again, Meta can choose to go outside that if they think there are people that are likely to convert. So, what we typically do here is not get too restrictive, but just think about like your core demographic, your core target market. So, for a business like ours, that's probably going to be something like 30 to 55 in terms of we're looking to reach business owners, and marketing professionals, and marketing managers. Yes, there's going to be some people younger, some people older, of course, but that might be our core. Then you've got genders. If you skew one way or the other heavily, like 90% men, 90% women, then go ahead make a selection. Otherwise, it's fine to leave it all. Remember, Meta's going to work a lot of this out for us in terms of um who's likely to take the action we want to take. And then we've got detailed targeting. So, here we can add in demographics, interest, behaviors. You can browse the various categories and look for this. But often, what I recommend to get started is just entering some obvious options that sound about right for your target audience. So, for example, we might have something like social media marketing. If I add that in as an option, right? So, people interested in social media marketing as some as as a group of people that you might be wanting to target. Uh we could have something like business page admins. So, anyone that's an admin of a of a business page um on Meta, then great. We can go ahead and target those people. Couple of simple options. You can add in none here, you can add in one, you can add in four. There's no right amount. These are all suggestions. This is just giving Meta direction. Don't spend a ton of time on this. It doesn't matter. Seen a lot of people get really hung up on this, and like test too much. That's what we used to do a number of years ago, not what we do anymore. You can click on further limit the reach of your ads, and then get really specific with the targeting, and basically say to Meta, "No, I only want to target these people." Not something I'd recommend for most beginners. It overcomplicates it, and typically, we see better results now by giving Meta direction, and letting Meta's machine learning algorithm work it out, as opposed to us advertisers trying to have too much specific control. Then beneath that, we've got placements. So, placements refers to the locations where your ads can be shown. So, if we click in here, we can have a look, right? So, if we click into more settings, and we've got placement controls, uh included is 24. So, we can see Well, actually, if I go above that, we've got platforms. So, we've got the the five platforms currently, Facebook, Instagram, Audience Network, Messenger, or Threads. They're places where ads can be shown. And we can say, "No, no, I don't want any of my ads to be shown on Threads." Not sure why you'd do that, but you can if you want. Um Audience Network is typically considered the lower-quality placement option. Audience Network's going to refer to things you you you'll have interacted with these before, where you sort of click through on something on Meta, and you come through to like an article or an app or something along those lines. That's going to be Audience Network. So, sometimes advertisers will look to to deselect those. I'll explain that in a second. And then if we click into placements, we can see all the various options, right? So, we can break it down by all the different feeds, and say, "No, I don't want to advertise on feeds, or I only want to advertise on stories and reels, or or etc., etc.," right? So, what would my recommendation be here for setting this up? If you are using a leads campaign or a sales campaign, just leave it as is. Basically, let Meta run ads on all placements because they're only going to put your ads on those placements that Meta thinks are going to get you the result that you've asked for for a lead, for a sale. So, absolutely fine. If, however, you are forced to run a different campaign objective, like traffic, because you cannot track the leads or sales that you generate, then I do think you want to become more specific, and the obvious option is just to get rid of the Audience Network. Because what you don't want is for Meta to put your ads on the placement options that are lower quality, less likely to lead to a conversion, but that's exactly what Meta will do if you're not optimizing for a conversion, because those placements are cheaper. Other advertisers aren't as interested in those, therefore, the cost is lower. Remember, the price is set by simple demand and supply. And um and and yeah. So, you might want to come in and deselect Audience Network if you aren't able to track conversions. Most of you will be. You'll have the pixel set up, and you're all good. Then you can go ahead with just the default, which is uh everywhere, all 24 placement options, and all five platforms. Run AB tests. Great thing to do later on, not something you're going to worry about right now. Um all this stuff here of brand suitability and inventory filters, and all that sort of stuff, it that is beyond the scope of what most beginner advertisers want to get into. You can get really lost in this. It's basically you as an advertiser more control around what your ads are put alongside, the context around them, all those sorts of things. A thing that a lot of big brands care about quite a lot, cuz they really care about their brand image. I personally don't feel like, you know, what your ad is around when a user is seeing your ad in context of other um stuff that they see on Facebook and Instagram is that important. I think it kind of operates as an isolated thing anyway. We're sort of used now to scrolling through reels or stories, and you see very different things, right? Different contexts. They're not necessarily one is associated with the other um straight after it. So, I don't feel like it's a big deal, but bigger brands uh find this sort of stuff quite important, and often mess around with it significantly. Most of the time, it hurts results, but not something you need to worry about as beginners. And that is the ad set taken care of. So, now let's go ahead and jump over to the ad level. Okay, so now it's time for the ad level, the most interesting part, the level that determines what people actually see when they are presented with your Facebook and Instagram ads. First thing at the top here to quickly mention is partnership ads. Love partnership ads, allow you to run ads with creators and influencers to help promote your products and services. These are awesome, not something for beginners. You want to get started with some simpler campaigns first, but definitely look to add this in later on. I have content all about them. Then you've got identity. So, make sure that the Facebook page, Instagram account, and Threads profile that your ads are going to come from on those various platforms are all correct. I see people make errors here. And by the way, those are my accounts. If you want more information on Facebook and Instagram advertising, go ahead and give me a follow on whichever you typically use. Branding's more of an advanced thing, don't need to worry about that. Then we get into ad setup. So, we've got create ad, which is the default. You could also use existing post. So, if you already have a post, say, on your Instagram profile that's done well, and you think, "Oh, I want to run that as an ad." You can go ahead and select existing post, choose it, and go for it. Most of you are going to want to be creating ads, and that's typically what I'd recommend. When you use existing post, some of the functionality is a bit limited because it already exists as a post as opposed to having full flexibility of an ad. And also, in terms of what you put out there as, say, organic posts on on Facebook and Instagram versus what you use as ads, there's normally differences in the content that's used. So, when you use when you're running ads, you're normally going to have a strong call to action and things like that, right? So, typically you're going to be creating ad. So, we're going to go ahead and use manual upload. Advantage plus catalog ads, again, slightly more of an advanced thing, not something I'm going to cover here, but just to know that if you are an e-commerce business and you want to run you have a catalog, you want to run ads using a catalog, this is a great way to go, particularly for retargeting warm audiences, people that have maybe checked out product but haven't yet converted. So, definitely something to look to add in later on. I've got content on that you can find on my channel. But for now, we're going to go with manual upload. Next, choose the format. Do we want a single image or video? That's what I'd go with here. I'm going to use an image. Like I said, I want the campaign creation setup for you guys to be as easy as possible to get started, but you can run carousels. Carousels are like um cards of different So, you've got an image with some like a headline, another image with a headline, another image headline, some pricing information, sometimes extra info. And you've probably seen carousels before. Uh multi-advertiser ads, honestly, we've tested this, and we don't really see any difference whether we have this selected or deselected. So, I'm happy to leave it on. Multi-advertiser ad says, "Your ad can appear with others in the same ad unit to help promote discoverability." Doesn't seem to make much difference either way. So, happy to to leave that on. And then we get onto destination. Now, your destination is where people are going to be sent after they click on your ads. So, because we selected website as the conversion location at the ad set level, we need to enter in a website URL. So, this could be a product page if you're advertising a product, uh could be a specific landing page for a service, could be even maybe the homepage of your website, wherever it is that you want to send people directly. So, I'm going to go ahead and paste a link in here and just quickly explain um what we're going to be using as the example cuz I've got an example campaign I'm going to quickly put together, an example ad I'm going to put together uh to help you understand the process. So, we have a thing called the Meta Ads Mentorship Program, and just quickly explain what that is. Included in it, we've got unlimited one-to-one support. People can ask us any questions they've got about their Meta ads. It's designed to provide them all the support they need to get the best possible results um from Facebook and Instagram ads. We do daily live calls and Q&As with me and my expert team members. We've got exclusive educational material, that sort of thing, right? That That's the offer that we're going to be advertising. By the way, if you are interested in that, there's a link in the um video description. But that's what we're going to be using as the offer, um so just to give you a bit of context around that before we move on. So, I've gone and and entered in the URL to the landing page for people to come through and book a call. And when we run ads for our our Meta Ads Mentorship Program, which we do all the time, um that's exactly where people are sent, straight through to this page where they can go ahead and book a call. Once you enter in the URL, you'll start to see the preview over here, which is really useful. You can't see much yet, but as we add in things like ad creative and ad copy, we'll be able to see what it looks like um for the user that's actually going to see it over here in the preview, which is helpful. So, we have this first option called display link. Um so, you can see here we've got admasters365.com, which is the link that I've added in up here. We could change that using display link if you want to. I don't want to here, just wanted to quickly highlight that it's an option. Then we've got these browser add-ons. The default is none, and that's what I'd recommend you go with for now. I think that some of the stuff gets a little bit too complicated, a little bit too advanced for beginners. Um you can add, for example, a call button to your website, an Instagram direct button on your website. People would be able to message you via Instagram, WhatsApp, etc. Something you might want to mess around with later on. In general, we don't tend to use these because we want people to take a very specific path, as in they come through to a website or a landing page, and they take the one action we're sort of leading them to take as opposed to confusing them with various different actions. But your business might be like, "No, I'd love a phone call. I'm very happy to chat with people via WhatsApp." Then you can go ahead and set those up. Instant experience, again, not something we're going to worry about as part of this tutorial. And the same with Facebook event. If you are advertising a Facebook event, you're going to have to go through that, but the vast majority watching this are not going to fall into that category. Then we get into the ad creative section, right? So, we've got set up creative, and then we can choose between image ad and video ad. Like I said previously, video ads can perform really, really well. Image ads are much simpler for people to to create, and I'd often recommend that advertisers get started there. You can always look to produce uh more sophisticated ad creative, things like video, later on. I've got video tutorials showing you how to do that you can find on my channel, but we're going to start nice and simple, reduce that barrier to entry, and go with image ad. And once you select image ad, the first thing that's going to happen is Meta's going to try and add in these various extensions. So, um we've got some branding information here, stuff that Meta's going to use to try and work out when they produce AI-generated assets. You'll see what that looks like in a second. And they're going to use this information that we add in here. And then we've got site links, right? So, Meta's going to add in extra links to other pages on our website um where people can go directly instead of the main one that we're looking to send people to. So, in our case, site links could be things like sending people through to a case studies page, or to a how it works page, or something like that, right? Um I think for beginners to get started, we want to make this straightforward. Don't worry about adding in any of the branding stuff. We're not going to rely too heavily on the AI-generated assets for now, anyway. And I'd also probably turn off site links. It might be really appropriate for your business. You might think, "No, great. I'm coming maybe from a Google Ads world where you're used to site links." But if you don't have experience with that, it's just it's added complication at this stage, another thing to worry about. And again, I don't really want, when I'm running my ads, people to come through to other pages on my site. I want them to come through to the one place I want to come through, which is our landing page, where they can go in and book a call. So, I'm going to ignore this stuff for now. I'd recommend you do the same to get started with. Okay, and then we get to media. So, a few different places where you can grab the imagery or videos that you're going to use. You can get them from your Instagram account. You can get them from your Facebook page. You can get them from your ad account if you've uploaded previously. Well, we've obviously got a bunch of options here because this is an example ad account, so I upload stuff to be able to to demonstrate. Um but just wanted to highlight that if you've already got stuff, or you can just go ahead and click upload over here and select um any files you've got from your computer and and get those uploaded. Very straightforward. I've actually already uploaded the files that I'm going to use for demonstration purposes. Like I said, we run ads for my Meta Ads Mentorship Program already, so we have image ads that I can literally demonstrate. So, I'm going to go ahead and select this option and click next. And you can see that when you add in your ad creative, Meta's going to show you what it looks like in the three main formats, the three main aspect ratios, right? You've got a square, you've got vertical, and you've got horizontal. Now, horizontal is by far the least important cuz as a proportion of your um ad impressions, horizontal's going to be the fewest by far. Most of your ad impressions are going to be from a square um ad format or a vertical ad format. Square's typically going to be used for things like the feeds, um Facebook, Instagram feeds, lots of feed options. Vertical's going to be things like stories, reels across both platforms. Now, what you can see is that because I've uploaded a square image, it works brilliantly for the square format. But in the vertical and the horizontal, not so great. So, in an ideal world, what you would do is you would either crop, if possible. So, let's say we turn that to 9:16, try and make it That just doesn't work, right? Cuts off all the text. That just It just won't work at all as an ad. So, we can't do that. Ideally, you would either crop and and change the the dimensions, or you would replace it with a different image that is specifically designed and formatted for that aspect ratio, which is exactly what I'm going to do. So, I'm going to click replace there, and we've got a vertical one that's been selected. Go ahead and put back. You see that looks much better in that format, right? You don't need to do this. This is kind of an optional extra. Meta is really smart nowadays, so they would have taken this image and probably made something fairly similar-looking to this using um like image expansion, and they'll fill in the top and bottom for vertical locations, and they'll do something with this to make it look good. But just wanted to highlight that if you have the capacity to spend a little bit more time and effort on the creative, and make sure it looks good in the various placement options, then doing so could be a good way to go. Um right, just to quickly highlight the image as well. So, this is obviously really simple um what we've got here. So, it's a picture of me. Mostly, when we're advertising our mentorship program, it's to warm audiences, people who've already exposed to my business. People are unlikely to sign up for a mentorship program if they don't know who the person is that's going to be mentoring them, right? So, so because of the nature of this offer, it's warm audience specific, so we definitely want a photo of me in there. That's going to help grab attention. Very simple text on the image, "Want me to mentor you?" Very clear what this offer is all about. And then it's kind of small, hopefully you can see it, but we've basically just got three testimonials highlighted, you know, almost an 8x ROI in 3 weeks from someone, made $29,000 with a 7.3x ROI in 30 days, and from 30 euros a day ad spend to a 100K month in sales in just 3 months. So, differing degrees of spend and success, but just a few quick snippets that people can look and be like, "Wow, I'd love a result like that or results like that for my business. So, you could is relatively easy to replicate something like this even if you don't have much in the way of graphic design skills and things like that. Right, anyway, moving on. So, let's go ahead and click next. Now, we get into the text into the ad copy section. So, the first part is primary text. Now, in different placement options, the copy and the text appears in different locations. But, if you think about like a traditional Facebook feed on mobile, you're going to have the primary text above the image. Then, you're going to have the image, then you're going to have the headline underneath it, and then beneath that you're going to have the description and and the call to action button off to the side. Okay, so that's typically how it's going to work. So, let me grab a primary text that I've got that we've used to advertise my Meta Ads Mentorship program. And all the stuff I'm adding in here is stuff that has worked well and it's good to learn from real life examples that have performed well. So, let's do that. Okay, so just pasted in the primary text. Now, if I just quickly read this so that you understand the sort of thing I'd recommend you go with and and what we're looking to do here. So, you've got tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? We'll mentor you daily to explode your revenue. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. And then we've got the link. Now, that is a very short, simple piece of ad copy, but it actually ticks a lot of boxes. And that's what I try recommend you try and replicate. We don't want to be writing essays. People just aren't going to bother to read it. But, we're doing a number of things here. So, we're highlighting [snorts] the problem and calling out the target audience with the first sentence. Tired of wasting money on Facebook ads that don't deliver? So, anyone that is suffering from that problem is likely to pay attention to the rest of the ad. Um it also is sort of agitating that problem, re-emphasizing like, ah, you really annoyed that you keep trying and it's just not working. Then, we've got we'll revenue. So, we've got a feature what's involved in this? Oh, it's a daily mentorship, gotcha. To explode your revenue, great. It's exactly what I do. I really want exploded revenue. So, there's a benefit associated. Limited spots available, introducing scarcity. Um apply now and transform your ad game. And there's a call to action. So, you can see in just a couple of sentences we've ticked like a load of boxes, right? We've called out the audience, we've agitated the problem, we have uh described the main feature, the main benefit associated with it, we've introduced scarcity, and we've got a call to action. All in, you know, ticked six different things there, six or seven different things within a very within just a couple of sentences. So, something like that, obviously tailored to your um offer, your business, is likely to do well. Right, then what we've got here is Meta's going to use AI to generate text alternatives, and they're going to do that, you can see here, tailor variations to personas. So, they've come up with three different personas that they think like basically avatars, target customer avatars. We've got ambitious entrepreneurs, digital marketers, and small business owners. So, Meta's like, look, if we think that someone in your target audience is an ambish- an ambitious entrepreneur, we're going to put this primary text in front of them. Now, they may use other options as well. But, um but we can take a look through these and decide which we do and don't want to use, right? So, my recommendation with everything AI generated, copy, imagery, is absolutely use it, but you need to be the filter as the advertiser cuz sometimes it's going to be great, you can just use it. Other times, some of the suggestions are not going to work at all, you can't use them. Sometimes it's going to be a hybrid where you go, well, that's kind of good, but does need a little bit of this changing and that changing to make it work. So, we'll just quickly read this first option. We've got tired of throwing money at Facebook ads that don't deliver. Unlock explosive revenue growth with daily mentorship. Limited spots available. Apply now and transform your ad game. So, I mean, that's very very similar to what we've got already. Like, happy to just include that. Stop wasting ad spend on underperforming Facebook ads. Get daily mentorship to scale revenue and transform your ad game. Limited spots available. Level up your expertise and maximize your ROI with proven strategies. Yeah, all good. So, you might find that there are options that you're like, no, I don't want to use, but you can look to add these in. And if I just scroll back up as well, you will see that primary text we've got here one of five. So, you can have up to five different options. Um absolutely fine just to go with the one if you just want to get started, you can always add other ones in later on. But, a good idea to test multiple options cuz it just increases the chance that A, you'll find an option that works really well, and B, it gives Meta more flexibility. Look, like they said, we might put this ad copy in front of this type of persona and this type of ad copy. So, basically they're working out different people within your target audience and what they are most likely to respond to. Much more of a tailored ad delivery experience, which can help improve performance, okay? Right, then we move on to the headline. And then this is a headline that worked well for us, which is just very simply daily Facebook ads mentorship, right? We can add add headline options again, so you can see it's one of five, so the same principle applies. So, you can have five headlines and I would recommend it. And Meta's going to AI generate some options for you. Just quickly run through this. We've got explode your ad revenue now. Yeah, that's fine. Unlock ad mastery in five minutes daily. That's not really how the mentorship program is designed to work. It's not five minutes daily. We have like live calls, Q&A's that last longer. We have training that lasts longer. You could do five minutes a day, you could do longer. So, I don't like that option. It's not good for our offer. Not going to go through or every single one here, but you can just see the sort of process I'm going through and the logic I'm going through there of deciding what to choose and what not to choose. Daily mentorship for ad success sounds good. I have other videos more detailed on ad copy, by the way, in case you want to to go through these. Right, then we've got description. So, this isn't going to appear on every placement option, but like I said, in the classic sort of mobile Facebook feed, it's going to be just under the headline. So, we might go with something like limited spots available in order to um emphasize the scarcity that and there are limited spots available. We don't have so many coaches and so many slots available on on the live calls and Q&A's and things. So, yeah. Absolutely fine to to put that in there. Yours might be a a scarcity thing or it might be urgency based like we're running a current sale, but that ends at a certain time. There are ways to incentivize that action. And then we've got call to action button here, right? So, what you see here will depend on what type of campaign you're running. So, if you're running a sales campaign, you might see some slightly different options. Although, we can still see things like shop now, for example, in the leads campaign. Learn more is the default. What I'd recommend here is you just go with the option that best describes what it is you want people to do. Like, what's the next step? With a mentorship style offer, something that people aren't necessarily super familiar with, it's not as obvious as other things that people are used to buying all the time, then we might have something different. We might go with contact us or we might go with schedule a call or something like that. But, I think learn more is appropriate next option. In other ti- other businesses services, it might be get quote as the next thing. It might be shop now. Uh lots of different options depending on what it is that you are looking to do. Don't overthink it. Just go with the option that best describes um the next step. Right, then we go with next. Now, what Meta's going to do is they're going to take the image that you that you've added in and they're going to use AI to generate other versions. So, this is a tool that is improving all the time uh and it's very interesting that it's doing so. And and uh by the time you watch this, you might see that the options have improved again substantially. So, if we look at what Meta's looking to do here, they've basically most of these are just changing background colors, for example, or changing the location. So, that room behind me actually looks like one of our one of our office, one of our meeting rooms in our office, um which might be coincidence or they may have found it elsewhere. But, like that's basically the same image as what we've got, but it's a different color scheme. Like, yeah, sure, happy to use that. Uh again, same with that one, although maybe the text isn't as good to read. But, there are options that we actually can't use. So, it's for example, want me to mentor you? And they've sort of AI generated a woman there. Like, it has to be me in these ads, right? In order for this process to work. Want me to mentor you without me in the thing? That's just not going to work. This is mostly advertised to warm audiences. Um that version of me is like, I guess it's kind of me, but not really. Kind of looks a little bit like someone else or, you know, I guess it's we can't use that, right? It has to actually actually be me in there. These options down the bottom obviously wouldn't work. So, you could be the filter. You might find some work really well. What what you see here um will actually depend on what you upload. And for some businesses, you're going to see better options than others. So, if you're uploading a an image, for example, of a product, the AI generated image options can work really well because Meta's going to use different backgrounds or put them into different scenes. Whereas, when you're using people in your ads, particularly if you that needs that person needs to be the same person involved like it is here, less so. But, when I did this video a year ago, it didn't come up with any versions of me at all. So, we just couldn't use this use any of the AI generated images. Now, we can. You can see this is improving um all the time. So, just add in the ones you're happy with. The Meta's basically going to test different variations, see which works best, right? Fairly straightforward. Okay. Let me go ahead and click next and then we've got enhancements. So, these are things that Meta's going to do to try and improve the quality of our ad creative in order for us to get better results or at least test it, right? So, we can see we've got three for review. So, Meta's decided, you know, we don't think that having these on makes a lot of sense. Let's have these um turned off. And then they've put turned on seven that we could also review. So, for example, they they said we don't think it's best to have enhanced media text. So, we'll replace the text in your media, not in the ad copy, in your media with AI generated text. Yeah, I don't want that. We want the message to be clear and consistent. That could go wrong. And then we've got translate text turned off. Yeah, we don't want the text to be translated into other languages because we can only the mentorship program in English. You know, me and my expert team members that that run the program, we speak English and we we operate in English, right? So, so we can't we we want to translate to other languages cuz we can't then fulfill in those other languages. And then Meta have also turned off um enhanced CTA, which I'm actually happy with. Let's have a quick look at the other active enhancements. So, these are things that Meta has turned on and saying, look, we think these are going to help improve performance. So, we've got ad overlays, right? So, they can add um text overlays over the top of the image to highlight certain things, grab things from the landing page or the ad copy. You know, with an image like this, I probably would actually turn that off because look, it's already really text heavy. If it was less text heavy, I'm happy to leave it on cuz the overlays can often improve performance. So, I'm going to turn that off. Then, we've got visual touch-ups, okay? So, we'll automatically crop, expand your chosen media to fit more placements. Well, we've kind of done that to some extent with the three main formats. Normally, I'm happy for that to stay though. Uh Meta's pretty good at making that make sense. Add in add music. They basically turn your image into like a short video, add some music overlay. I'm happy to leave that on. I totally get some businesses aren't. They want to be much more specific of like, "No, I couldn't possibly have that that audio." You can customize this. So, you can leave this on. What have they got for us for now? Just a little like corporate jingle, basically. Like that's fine. I'm happy to do that. You can customize and then say, "No, I want specifically to play this music, not that music." Or you can just go ahead and turn that off. Text improvements. So, any text you provide may appear as primary text and our description. So, you know we wrote that in the various locations. Meta's saying, "We might choose to move this around, right?" So, you know one of those headline options, we might just stick that in the primary text. We might change the description. I'm normally quite happy to leave that on. Sometimes that will mean the ad doesn't make sense depending on how you've constructed your copy, in which case you want to turn that off. In our case, for example, that primary text can't be used as a headline because it's too long. So, that will just won't happen. But again, you can customize that or turn that off depending on what you want to do. I'm normally happy to leave it on cuz if Meta, for example, wanted to switch my description with headline, which is how it would work in reality given the copy we set up, like no biggie. Adapt Here we go. Adapt multi-image format. So, we'll show ads with multiple images as a video or slideshow or a video collection. Now, we haven't got multiple images in there. It's already on. They might use the different variations that we had to try and create something. Again, I'm kind of happy for Meta to play with this and do what it can. If Meta creates anything or adds variations and additions based on the ad creative that we've uploaded that kind of doesn't work and doesn't make sense, well, as soon as they put it in front of users, they won't take action cuz it doesn't make sense. And they'll very quickly learn and stop doing that and test other options. So, I don't think this adds much or really makes any difference to this particular ad. If you were running like a carousel or had an ad campaign with lots of different images, then this could be really quite valuable. So, I'd recommend normally leaving that on. We've got add animation. So, Meta can basically turn this image into something that can move. They can animate text, various elements. Again, happy to leave that on. And then we've got flex media. So, show media you chose for a specific aspect ratio across all placements when it's likely to improve performance. So, you know how we had the square versus the vertical? What Meta's basically saying here is like, "Look, we might go ahead and use the square in the vertical placement or we might go ahead and use the vertical format that you gave us in say the feeds where it will actually take up basically your whole screen as you're scrolling through a feed if we think it performs. Again, quite happy for Meta to work that out. So, this is very much go through, decide the ones you want to use, decide the ones you don't want to use. I would err on the side of trusting Meta with this. Highly incentivized to improve stuff to help us get better performance. But I know a lot of advertisers are nervous about that. They want to turn these off and be like, "No, no, no. Just put the ad as is in front of people." That's, you know, I totally get that. That's fine, too. These typically don't make a huge amount of difference whether you have them on or off either way. Okay. So, now we can start to see the preview come together, right? We've got So, for example, this option here, we This is like a Facebook feed. We've got the text, the primary text. We've got the image. We've got the headline. We can't see the description here. I guess it's not going to play in show on all placements. We've got the learn more call to action button. We've got the image. We've got the other image variations that Meta's come up with. And then we can see, you know, via There's lots of things you can go through in the preview. So, you can see via different locations. So, we've got Facebook feed there. It's taking a second to load. We can have a look at what it would look like on Instagram feed. So, like the primary text is at the top. You just go through the various placement options and just make sure it all makes sense. If you set it up how I have how I have, you'll basically be fine. Got a warning to add product or site links, but no, I'm all good for what that is. And we went through that window. You can adjust it from within here as well. So, if you're like, "Ah, okay. I started with the wrong primary text, but I want to add in some other primary text." You can go ahead and do so and get those added in here. Same's going to apply to headlines. And then we've obviously got this other stuff, description. Optimize text per person, you can leave that as enabled. That was based on the creative enhancements we talked about. And then we've got call to action, learn more, absolute fine. Run AB test to see the results. Not yet. Definitely something to do later down the line once you've got a little bit more experience with your Meta ads, but right now happy to leave that off. And we can also go back in and edit these creative enhancements. So, we ended up with six out of 10 on going through that process. But you can change that should you wish to. Creative testing. So, we can set up different tests between different ads. So, let's say we had one image and we wanted to test that not just like different variations like we've got here, but against totally other images. You can absolutely do that within the one ad unit. Not something I want you to mess with for now. But yeah, just know it's an option. Same's going to apply to languages for the vast majority of you. Just going to go with the the one language. Then we get into tracking. Here basically just want to make sure that you can see the pixel and you need to have like we talked about before. If you're generating leads, generating sales by your website, you need to have the pixel installed. Ideally you would also have the conversions API installed and you would have all that tracking set up. I have other videos that cover that. But here's where you just basically come down and just check that the pixel is actually here and that that's the right pixel. You can check the ID based on what you've set up. I've seen issues go down. And what Meta's basically saying is that Meta's going to track these ads. We can add in other things if that's appropriate for a business like URL parameters to track if you're that way inclined and you do a lot of tracking say via Google Analytics or another another platform and you want to to cross-reference things and really understand your data, you can go ahead and add those in. But I think most beginners that is probably overkill. And then that is our campaign set up. We can go ahead and click publish. Meta's normally going to take a bit of time to review the ad, make sure it complies with advertiser policies. Normally takes about 30 minutes, but particularly with your first ads could take a while more. And then you should start to see your ads being delivered and you can quickly have a look at the data generated. So, if I just close down the campaign, we won't have any here, but you'll be able to see things like your cost per result. You'll be able to see impressions, how many times your ad seen, how many people has it reached. All the various data points. There's lots of other things I've got other videos on analytics and analyzing data and what to look for and how to optimize campaigns and things like that. But that is the process of getting your first or a proper Facebook ad campaign set up if you've already created them, but weren't 100% sure that you set up everything correctly. That is how you do it. Now, I quickly want to touch on campaign structure. So, what I demonstrated here is one campaign, one ad set, one ad, although there are a few variations of things like primary text, headlines, and the images themselves within that ad. And that is absolutely fine to get started with. I've talked about throughout this video keeping it simple, making it straightforward as possible. You can make things really complicated should you wish to later on. But let's keep it simple to start with, easy to understand, easy to set up. As you go on, you're going to want to add other things, probably other campaigns with things like different services, different product ranges, certainly different ads to be able to test different creatives. I've got a video on campaign structure you can find on my channel and you can go through that in in a lot more detail, but fine to get started with this current structure. And then in terms of what to watch next, I recently recorded a video talking about exactly what I would do if I were starting Facebook ads all over again today. And I think that would be a really good thing for you to watch now. Actually, you can check it out here. I go through what you need to focus on, what you don't need to focus on. You now know how to create a Facebook ad campaign from scratch, but there's more to it than that. There's other considerations that I cover in this video here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [18 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @synelpt2927 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video, however, I would have appreciated more zoom in of the screen instead of the camera on the bottom left. Very difficult to see everything.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: OH MY GOODNESS. Your video saved me. The official META training is such a train wreck of confusion. Thank you for this.
  4. @classic595: @24:09 I can't see this option on my Meta Ads screen? I only see maximize number of conversions and then other goals.
  5. @donalddump5016: Good vid but dude u talk so fast
  6. @sankalpjuneja6907: great explanation mate
  7. @youssefashraf0: Dubbing videos to make it easier for us to learn. I am from Egypt
  8. @AndreaRosales-nx4jf: For conversions I did instant forms - should I choose 1. maximize number of leads or 2. maximize number of conversion leads?
  9. @fiftyshadesoflaw: Thanks for information.
  10. @AlinaXiaoXie-o6x: I am an account agency，let us cooperate together pls
  11. @sanjibmunda724: Amazing nature vibes 🌿 Really enjoyed this video. ipweb”
  12. @Irisraw-i3g: ❤❤❤ thank you
  13. @marymcdermott9949: This was great! Thank you for this resource.
  14. @JimmiFortovoOlli: cool
  15. @shiralfernando1739: Thank you so much. you explain everything very clearly and with details. Really good job and appreciate
  16. @ShareAccess-e7o: 12:27 for small business leads or engagement? I don't have a website just starting the business( clothing brand/store).
I intend to sell my products to customers by massage and WhatsApp . So what should i do?
  17. @GiftEduno: Nice, but too fast, please can you slow down.
  18. @maorshaoulian4789: thank you Ben
this video was so useful!
  19. @bwittyyy3668: What objective do you recommend for people to join you live sale on Instagram live?
  20. @nomanshaikh9239: Hey ben! Will this tutorial help me to get a job as a fresher

- The 8 Trends I’m Betting My Entire Marketing Strategy On in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your customers aren't finding you the way they used to. 26% of searches now [music] end without a click. Instagram alone sees over 6.5 billion searches every day. And Chad GPT is about to launch ads that behave like Facebook, not Google. So if you're still marketing like 2024, you're already behind. I'm Neil Patel, co-founder of NP Digital. My team works with hundreds of brands across dozens of industries and every day we analyze patterns most marketers never even see. And today I'm going to walk you through the eight digital marketing trends that will shape visibility in 2026 and how to use each one immediately. Because when you [music] understand what's actually happening, you stop reacting and start leading. Let's dive in. Trend number one, stop sending traffic off platform. Capture leads where they are. If you're still sending social media traffic to landing pages, you're losing leads before they ever see your offer. Here's a real reason. Platforms like Instagram, LinkedIn, and Facebook kill your distribution the moment your content tries to move off platform, even if it's just click the link in my bio or visit our site. These platforms want people inside their ecosystem, not bouncing out of it. So, the algorithm immediately throttles your reach and your ad costs go up. And even when people do click out, most mobile users drop off the moment they hit a slow loading form or a page that isn't built for quick conversion. Here's what you need to do. Keep the entire lead capture process inside the platform. Use tools like Manyhat to trigger automated conversations. When someone comments with the keyword, they comment, the software automatically sends them DMs, you capture their information without them ever leaving the platform. This reduces friction, boosts engagement signals to the algorithm, and gives you higher quality leads because you're tracking behavioral intent, not just form fields. Trend two, search moved beyond Google. For years, search meant Google. But now, search is happening everywhere. Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, Chad, GBT, Snap, LinkedIn, even [music] your browser. Snap signed a $400 million deal with Perplexity [music] just to power their search. Buyers are jumping across platforms like Stepping Stones and most brands only show up on one of them. Here's what we're seeing in the data. Instagram 6.5 billion searches a day. YouTube over 3 billion. Tik Tok is becoming [music] a new product search engine. Chad GBT emerging as a trusted discovery tool. This isn't random. It's a clear shift in consumer behavior. And once you understand the shift, you can use [music] it to win. This is called search everywhere optimization. creating content that's formatted, structured, and packaged in a way that ranks across all major discovery surfaces, [music] not just traditional search engines. Here's exactly how to do it. Start by weaving [music] your targeted keywords naturally into everything. Your script, your captions, your on-screen text, and your description. That's how platforms understand the true topic of your content. Then build topic clusters. Create multiple posts around the same core theme so platforms start mapping you as the authority. Consistency also builds discoverability. And finally, optimize for conversational search. People now search in full phrases and the algorithms read the layers of your content. Audio captions, transcripts, and visual text to [music] match that intent. When your content aligns with how people actually search, you start showing up everywhere they look. Trend three, the AI slob problem is hurting teams more than helping. AI promise speed, but for most marketing teams, it's creating [music] confusion, rework, and hallucinations. We ran a study comparing free and paid AI tools, and the hallucination rates were almost [music] identical. That means people are trusting answers that look correct, but are completely wrong. And that false confidence is killing campaigns. Here's what's happening. Markers are using AI to write copy, analyze data, and build strategy. But they're not validating the output. They're assuming the AI is right because it sounds confident. But when you dig into the data, you find errors, fake [music] stats, misqued sources, conclusions that don't match the evidence. And here's a surprising twist. A lot of companies are blaming AI for the layoffs. Not because AI actually replaced people, but because [music] it's a cleaner story for the public markets. Simplifying with AI sounds a lot better to shareholders than admitting that they overhired and their divisions aren't [music] growing at the pace they are expecting or aren't as profitable. Meanwhile, inside these teams, the real inefficiency is coming from AI slop, hallucinations, errors, and bad outputs that waste [music] hours. Even Perplexity CEO said on CNBC, he doesn't believe AI is [music] the true reason behind these job losses. >> The results of that are being seen now. So, correlation doesn't imply causation. Like, it's not because of AI that people are losing jobs. In fact, because of AI, we see a lot more empowerment in people. >> So, what do you actually do with all this? You stop using AI the way everyone else is using [music] it and start using it the way top performers do. Top performers aren't using AI blindly. They're using AI intelligently. Here's how. Use AI to generate first drafts, not final drafts. Cross reference any stats or claim [music] that AI gives you. Check the source. Verify the date. Build internal quality checks. [music] If something feels off, dig deeper. Use AI for ideiation, not execution. Let it help you brainstorm, but don't let it make strategic decisions without human [music] oversight. The biggest ROI we're seeing from AI isn't from tools themselves. [music] It's from using AI platforms like Chat GBT as a discovery channel to drive traffic and conversions. When you stop using AI to replace your word and start using it to extend your reach, you produce work that's sharper, faster, and way more accurate. AI doesn't replace your judgment, it multiplies it. Once you understand that, you stop feeling threatened and you start feeling empowered. AI tools aren't just answering questions anymore. They're evolving into full discovery engines. And just like Google, they're starting to prioritize trusted sources. We're seeing clear patterns. Listicles get cited constantly. Structured pages get pulled into answers. Websites [music] with consistent formatting are showing up more often. If you publish top 10 lists across multiple categories, top 10 tools, top 10 agencies, top 10 products, top 10 comparisons, you start training Chat GBT to see you as authority. Here's how the strategy works. Create listicles in very specific niches. Don't just publish top 10 digital marketing agencies. Publish the subcategories, top 10 SAS agencies, top 10 e-commerce agencies, top 10 affordable marketing agencies, top 10 agencies for franchises. The more micro categories you own, the more Chad GBT cites you as a source. And no, you shouldn't be citing yourself. You should be leveraging digital PR to get other trusted sources that are authorities in your field to site you. And you need to make your case on why you are a better fit than the competition. And Chad GBT will eventually build its own authority system to prevent strategies like people just blogging on their own website and saying, "Hey, we're the best." So right now, you shouldn't focus on shortcuts. You should focus on long-term strategies by getting other people in your industry to talk about you. Yes, it involves outreach and more work, but it's worth the effort because then your results will start compounding. And if you don't want to do this yourself and you just want someone to do it for you, my agency, NP Digital, has a massive digital PR team with over a 100 people [music] where we help companies get listed as the main source and pitch journalists on why they should be the best in their industry. Of course, if you have a crappy product or service, it's harder for us to do that. But if you have a good product and a good service, it's much easier and definitely doable. All you have to do is just go to npd digital.com and fill out the form. Now, if you are creating content on your own website, make sure you're formatting it correctly with clear headers, bullet points, tables. This makes it easy for AI to extract and site your content. Keep your content updated. Add last updated dates to your pages and AI engines will favor fresh, current information over old, outdated information. You also want to use schema markup. This tells AA engines exactly what your content is about and makes it easier to site. You also want to site yourself strategically within your own content and mention the products and services you offer, as well as integrate case studies, stats, facts, and data like that to show that you are a credible source. And when you get cited by multiple websites that rank you as one of the top sources in the industry, this builds authority within the AI platforms. This makes them want to site you more than your competition in the long run, who's just focusing on creating articles on their own website, discussing how they're the best source. This is going to be the new SEO. Almost no one is doing it. What they're focusing on is still the old stuff versus digital PR where it's really at and that makes the difference. Sure, you need to still have all the fundamentals, but without digital PR, you're not going to do as well on Chad GPT, Perplexity, or even Gemini. [music] And when you understand that Chad GPT is becoming a ranking system, your content strategy immediately becomes more intentional, more strategic, and far more profitable. Trend five, AI ads will behave like Facebook with Google level intent. When Chad GBT launches ads, they won't work like Google search ads. They will target you based on your full search history, your intent over time, your interests, your patterns, your problems, your goals. This is identity based targeting with search level accuracy. If you search for marketing agencies, Chad GPT could show you an ad for a marketing agency. But if nine of your last 10 searches were about losing weight, Chad GBT might show you a weight loss ad instead because that's what's actually top of mind for you right now. They're not just responding to what you type. They're responding to your deeper intent across everything you've been searching. And look at who Open AI is hiring. Former Facebook and Instagram ad engineers, people who specialize in predictive modeling and behavior-based targeting. Google shows you ads based on what you type. Facebook shows you ads based [music] on who you are. Chat GBT will do both. This means one thing. Brands that define their category early will have the advantage of being the default recommendation inside AI platforms. You no longer are competing for keywords. You're competing for associations. And here's how you position yourself now. Build topical authority. Create content that is consistently addresses specific problems for specific audiences. The more you publish on a topic, the more AI associates your brand with that category. You also want to use firstparty data. Integrate your CRM, purchase history, and customer interactions into your ad platforms. This trains AI systems to understand who your best customers are. You want to create content that teaches AI who you help. Don't just say we're a marketing agency. Say we help SAS companies scale from 1 million to 10 million through performance marketing. The specificity trains the AI. Once you understand that, you stop creating random content and you start creating content that teaches AI exactly who you are and who you help. Trend six, browsers are becoming AI platforms. This is one of the biggest changes [music] coming in 2026 and one of the least discussed. A is moving into browser layer, not just website layer. Chrome's Gemini, Chad GPT's Atlas, Perplexes Comet. Right now, we go to Chad GPT, we go to Google, we go to different platforms, but [music] that's changing. Think of a browser like an app. Once you're inside it, they keep you there and they can monetize you without sending you to [music] websites first. Imagine this. Your customer opens a tab and asks the browser to compare tools. The browser summarizes everything, makes recommendations, and shows [music] AIdriven ads before they even reach a website. This is the future of discovery. Browsers are becoming the new platform instead of forcing people to go to websites. AI inside the browser pulls information directly from your [music] site and shows it to users instantly. And Google is already preparing for this. Their new AI Mac campaigns are designing [music] to show ads across every Google surface, search, YouTube, discover, and soon inside Chrome's AI features. [music] So, in the future, your ads won't just show up on Google's platforms. They'll show up inside the browser itself while people are using AI tools to research, compare, and make decisions. That's why marketers need to prepare now. Start running AMAX campaigns early so you can understand how the system optimizes, and learns. Add structured data to your website, schema markup, clean formatting, and clear sections so browsers can easily extract, summarize, and [music] surface your content. Treat your site as a data source, not just a destination. the browser will pull from it even if users never click through. Trend seven, live content is becoming a competitive advantage. In a world full of AI generated everything, the one thing people trust most is real people. And that's why live video is exploding. YouTube reports that nearly 30% of users watch at least one live every week. And very few brands are going live. People are craving live content, but creators and brands aren't delivering it. When you go live regularly, something powerful happens. Your audience sees you as a human. Your engagement spikes, your organic reach expands, your content multiplies because one live stream can become dozens of clips. And here's one thing that gets really interesting. YouTube now autogenerates both horizontal and vertical clips from your live streams. You can go live once [music] on desktop and the platform creates vertical versions for mobile automatically. You create once and the platform repurposes it for you. Here's how to use this. Go live once a week. It doesn't have to be fancy. Just show up and add value. Teach something, answer questions, break down recent trend, walk through a case study. Let the platform do the work. YouTube handles the formatting, you handle the value. Repurpose strategically. Pull out the best 60-second moments and turn them into shorts, reals, and Tik Toks. Platforms are rewarding authenticity, not polish. And once you lean into that, your brand stops feeling like content and starts feeling like leadership. This is where your audience begins to trust you deeply. For the first time in history, [music] language is no longer a barrier. YouTube and tools like Hey Gen can now autodub your videos into dozens of languages using your own voice. And over time, [music] all platforms will do this. And you won't even need tools like Hey Jen. This means your next video isn't limited to one country. [music] It can reach the entire world instantly. Your reach is no longer just English [music] speakers. It's Hindi speakers, Korean speakers, Spanish speakers, everyone. And here's what we're seeing. Creators are getting 30 to 50% of their views from languages they don't even speak. Brands are expanding into new markets without hiring translators or voice actors. [music] Here's how to activate this. Enable multilanguage audio on YouTube. It's in your video settings. Turn it on for every video you publish. You also want to optimize your website for global traffic. Use [music] HF lang tags. Add language selectors. Make sure your checkout process supports multiple languages. Localize your CTAs. If someone's [music] watching in Spanish, make sure your landing page supports Spanish, too. This shift transforms creators into global brands. [music] And once you experience global distribution, your mindset changes. You stop thinking in terms of views and you start thinking in [music] terms of world reach. This unlocks the biggest psychological driver of all expansion. Not just of your content, but of your ambition. If you want to go deeper into how AI search really works, watch my next video. [music] This will walk you through how to get surfaced, how to get recommended, and how to stay visible inside every major platform.

  Top Comments:
  1. @neilpatel [81 likes]: Appreciate the feedback on the music and totally hear you. We’re adjusting background music levels going forward so the focus stays 100% on the information.

Thanks for sticking with us and for the thoughtful comments 🙏
  2. @abelluizramos2001: man the trends are changing fast
  3. @Aymennurahmed-d6j: this is super relevant for my plans
  4. @musaknowledgendlovu5391: didn't think about it like that before
  5. @aurhanabbasi: when you said brands need to show up inside the ai tools themselves… ok but what’s the first thing to fix on a site? schema? internal linking? i ran myGEOscore once and got overwhelmed.
  6. @AnujGamer-v6s: love how you break it down so easy
  7. @Flim_izletv: these trends are wild, gotta keep up with them
  8. @ahar_Ayush_YT_02: ai slop problem is so real. half the posts i see read like warmed-over prompts. curious if Wisewand actually keeps stuff from sounding like that, or if it’s just better polishing.
  9. @SunnyVarma-y19s: didn't realize how fast things are changing
  10. @kilipul09: gotta start thinking ahead, thanks for the insights
  11. @rashmishah1736: this is super helpful for planning my 2026 stuff
  12. @fukrey_boys-pk: wow this is eye opening for 2026
  13. @NewNigeriaTV-g2z: def gonna shift my strategy after this
  14. @rajrawat1125: Search Everywhere Optimization is the part that hit. I’ve been stuck thinking “rank on Google” forever, but my buyers are literally searching inside eBay. Baypoint AI kinda fits that shift.
  15. @MosesTalkmoreMandizvidza: never thought of marketing like this tbh
  16. @26.umikhabibah64: the ai part blew my mind lol
  17. @beautyofmusic4348: really makes me think about my strategy 👍
  18. @C1_JACK: i’m def gonna start using these tips
  19. @noonapdo6470: who knew 2026 would be so different
  20. @EjazKhan-c5c4f: the “search everywhere optimization” bit finally put words to what’s been happening. google-only reporting feels like it’s missing half the picture, even for SeoLab Agency folks.

- The Best Facebook Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'll be breaking down the single best creative ad strategy for 2026 [music] so that you can make killer high-erforming ad creatives in Facebook ads. This is the exact creative strategy that we're deploying over our 100 plus brands at the Moonlighters and the same exact creative strategy that I've shared within my school community [music] to nearly 300 brands right now. And this will 100% work no matter what category in. Whether you're in fashion, beauty, wellness, you name it. The old school way of creating ads would be a very simple workflow. You would think of an ad idea or your media buyer would say, "Hey, we need new ads. Maybe here's what's working." Then you would go and create new ads that look similar to the ones you've created before. Or if you had a new concept, something you thought might work well, you would go ahead and create it. Then you'd come into the Facebook ads manager. You'd upload it all as a single image or video. and you'd sit here writing painfully your primary text, your headlines, your descriptions. So, what we want to do instead is creating a system that increases the likelihood of finding winning ads. You can go ahead and pump out a,000 ads in an hour. You can go ahead and make a bunch of fake UGC or hire a bunch of creators or make a bunch of videos for yourself, but in reality, your win rate is going to be very low. The ads we're going to focus on today are going to have very high win rates. So instead of duplicating your best performing ads, we're going to be way more focused on a combination of new concepts, iterations, and variations, which are all very different things in the newest Andromeda updates and gem algorithmic changes to meta. So let's talk through the new way of doing this. So to start our system, what we're going to be building is a creative flywheel. This is going to be a predictable system that pumps out winning ads. So of course, at the top of every single creative machine or creative flywheel are new ads. And to source those new ads, they're going to come from two different places. And we're going to start from the single most important place. And that of course is going to be your competitors. Now, there's a free way to do this and there's a paid way to do this. I'm going to use the paid way. You could use the free way. I'm going to show you both really simply. First, the free way. We go into Facebook ads library. We click all ads and you go ahead and search one by one each of the competitors that are most relevant to your business. So, in this example, I'm just going to pretend that I'm the brand Vori. They're a sportsware kind of athleisure brand. One of their main competitors is Lululemon. So, what I would do if I was Viori is I would type in Lululemon. We're then going to select their page and we're able to see every single ad that Lululemon is currently running. And as you can see right here, they have hundreds of active ads in their account right now. So, I'm trying to think and clock what of these can I use as inspiration. What you really want to do is look at what ads have either been live the longest or spent the most. So, obvious things you could look out for are anything that says low impression count. You could very well and easily know that that is not a high performing ad. Or you could scroll all the way down to the bottom, which might take a minute depending on what brand you're looking at and look for ads that have been spending for the longest period of time. Now, what I like to do is use a program called Magic Brief. This is a paid platform. We're not sponsored by them, but it's the easiest way to show you everything. And we can see Lululemon right here is running 2382 active ads. We can see a quick overview of all the ads that they're running. And I could scroll through everything really easy. And I could download all of this imagery if I want to. Now, you might notice this looked a little bit different than Facebook ads library. And that's because they're running ads from different pages. So on the ad library, you might have to search through a variety of different pages from Lululemon and you might have to change the active status to all available ads because some of their ads might be paused after certain periods of time. And I want to give you a pro tip here. If you're a small brand and you're in the athletic leisure space, do not compare yourself to Lululemon. Don't compare yourself to Nike. Think about brands that are a step or two above you. If you're doing a million dollars in revenue, think of a brand that's doing 10 million. find and strike that balance between brands that are not too big. I'm never going to take inspiration from Nike, but not too small where they're not driving any sales, of course. So, once we find the brand and the creative that we are interested in, what we're looking for are the ads that have run the longest. We're looking for ads that have been most active for this brand. And I'm looking for real concepts here. Now, let's use this ad concept by Lululemon, which has run for 469 days. is they launched this in October of 2024. I am able to now take this ad, this carousel that they've developed here and use this as inspiration. We can recreate this very easily if I was Viori. So now in this example here, I'm just adding inspiration from competitive ads. You should be taking their videos, their statics, their gifts, their carousels, and build a true collection of concepts that you can identify. Each of these three are completely different concepts. You should be able to note and expand that each of these can be heavily expanded on. You should extrapolate out dozens of different iterations of this. You can make this exact ad if I was VRE versus Lululemon for every single product if I know it's a winning concept. But keep in mind, this is just scratching the surface. You can do this for every single one of your competitors. Identify trends and find common threads of creative that generally work in your category. Then take those threads, take those concepts and build them for yourself. Once you've created the concepts from your competitors, you've built them for yourselves. You've then launched your own new ads. What do you do next? This part is going to sound a little too easy. You wait. But it's not just about waiting. You have to make sure things are set up properly with those new ads to be able to have that luxury to actually wait and be patient. Now, we like to launch all of our new ads inside of a prospecting CBO campaign. The idea here is pretty simple. We want competition within our own ad account. And that works in a very simple way. Every time we have new creatives, they get launched into a new ad set. It could be anywhere from two creatives, one creative, 10 creatives, 15 creatives. Generally, four to eight creatives is the sweet spot. But don't over complicate it. Every time new ads get launched, they get launched into a new ad set. When those ads get launched into a new adset, over time, you're going to have a lot of new adets. And as you can see on my lefth hand side here, we're up to Broadpack 76. That means we have over 76 adsets that we've launched and tested for this brand. You're going to wonder, how on earth do any of these new ads get any sort of spend? Because the old ads are going to hog all the spend. I hear this all the time, even for brands that are just starting out. So, what we've done to basically counteract this is when we go into the adset, we go down to the budget and schedule section, and we click ads set spending limits. From here, we click set a minimum or maximum. We change the percent value to dollar value and we enter an average daily minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition target. If your cost per acquisition target is 50, you put this to 50. It is literally as simple as that. There's one point of tracking that you need to do on your side. Set a calendar invite. Set an alarm. I don't care what you have to do. Just make sure you get back to this in seven days. These never stay on for more than seven days at a time. Now, you might ask, why do we even do this? The problem is most ads just take too much time to get the adequate levels of spend and be tested. This keeps you in a non-stop waiting cycle where your ad account doesn't grow fast enough. Instead of waiting all of this time, this giant section here, and then eventually the ad scales or the ad dies because it's not good, we want to shortline this. And the way that we shortline this is we set that ad set budget minimum equal to 1x the cost per acquisition, which instead only forces the spend for a few days. And then if the ad's a winner, it scales quicker. If it's a loser, it stays at that set spend. Now, the beauty of this is you're going to look back within that 7-day window and decide, am I willing to spend more on this ad, or should we just remove the adset minimum? If you remove the minimum, the ad's going to spend less. If you keep the minimum, it will continue to spend at the same, which is most likely what you do not want to do. And in most cases, if it's above, it's a winning ad. If you remove the minimum, it's still going to spend above the threshold. So, it's a win-win scenario. Okay. So, we've developed new ads. We set ads set minimum budgets. We've waited. We've removed those adset minimum budgets. And now, it's time to take some more action. Now, this is where the flywheel really begins. It is in the analysis. So, what we want to do is go back into our ad account, make sure we're in our prospecting campaign. We're going to go to our column set, compare attribution settings, and select incremental attribution. Then, sort your entire ad account by highest spending to lowest spending. In most cases, I like to look at all my ads at once, but it's also important to break things down into different groupings depending on products, categories, whatever else is going on within your business. Know that there are nuances to everything I am talking about. Looking through all of our ads to keep this as fundamentally simple as possible. In this case, last 14 days, we spent $97,000 at a 1.42 return on ad spend. Our incremental return on ad spend is 1.23. What I am looking for here are highspending ads, outsized results on high-spending ads and above our threshold for return on ad spend. And we can see we have one very clear standout, followed by a few others that I'm very interested in. Now, the incremental return on ad spend for new customers that this brand cares about is around a 1.1 return on ad spend, which I know sounds crazy to many people, but that is just what this brand functions at. For these guys, we need to be above that 1.1. And we can see in this case we're well above at scale $26,000 in spend which represents over 25% of the total spend in this campaign at a 1.46 way above our threshold. We can also see there's a few that are just at the threshold 1.13 1.16. We're not going to touch those for now. And then we have a few more that are actually high spending, well above the threshold here, a 1.5, 1.38, and a 1.43. Our duty now is to take the best performing ads that have high spend and are above our threshold and recreate and iterate off of these ads. And this is where the flywheel makes its way full circle. The analysis that we just did is going to provide and yield clear concepts. These concepts are going to be winning ads. We then are taking these winning ads just like we did for our competitors and we are creating duplicates, variants, iterations of these winning ads. Eventually, what this does for us is it solidifies core concepts in our ad account. Now, you can see you literally just do the same thing over and over and over and over and over again. But don't forget, as you're creating these new concepts, as your ad account is growing, you need to make sure you're upping your spend along the way. It doesn't mean you have to increase your spend. It just means that you should not be afraid of things like the learning phase or increasing spend in general. The goal here is to grow accounts. This is not a system for maintaining your account. This is a system for growth. So when you run this flywheel for weeks and weeks and months and you're consistent, this is an example of the result that you will get. You will find winning concepts. Those concepts will be matched to audiences and each of these concepts is going to perform at a different rate. For example, let's say your target is 2x return on ad spend. Concept number one might return at that 2x and might spend 10k. Concept number two might return at a 3x but only be able to spend 3K. Concept number four might return at a ridiculous 10x but guess what? It could only spend 500 bucks. And then finally, concept number four might spend at a 2.2, but it does so at 50k spend. Old school Facebook would want you to only run the 10x, right? Just keep smashing the 10x. New school Facebook, Andromeda Facebook wants you to focus on all of these concepts. All of these add profit to your business. Now, you should care way more about your bank account, your actual profit. And that is exactly what we want to be doing in the sense of creating concepts and matching those concepts to audiences. And don't care as much about an ad that runs a 5x versus a 2x. As long as 2x is profitable, we want to run both. So, this flywheel usually starts to produce winning clear concepts. And you can see here, this is a concept from the brand Talentless that they can continue to build out. They can make variants around the same exact thing and they already have. We have another talentless example here. Now, they've been using this exact concept for literally a year. They take different products, different model shots, and they group it together with these semi in between shots, like these trio shots almost with just a very simple headline. We then have another concept that they've merged. So, they started with concept A and concept B and then they duped in. So they merged two concepts which are concept up here, concept number two and concept number one to create concept number three. We then have another concept by them and you can see they've created variants of this for all of their collections. You will stack concepts if you do this over and over and over again. And that right there is how you create a creative machine. One of the most important things when you're running Facebook ads is having that creative machine to fuel your account and scale. Now, if this has been helpful and you like this style of content and you want to access my entire system, tutorials, SOPs, literally the internal trainings that we use at the Moonlighters to service over a 100 brands as well as live Q&As, then click the link down in the description or go to school.com/fas where we have a massive community, the fastest growing Facebook ads community on school right now with literally nothing held back. That's all for today's video. I hope you got a ton of value out of this and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @isshanth_karthic [1 likes]: w value
  2. @shopadonisking [1 likes]: great video
  3. @LuxemShop [1 likes]: Hello i m watching you from Tunisia , i like you concept , thank you
  4. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: I'm hearing that many performance marketeers are moving to a '1 campaign,1 ad set, +/- 20 creatives' campaign structure, what are your thoughts on that? Im seeing you're using it differently. Since the andromeda does the seperation between prospecting vs. retargeting still make sense?
  5. @viniciuspinho7862 [1 likes]: thanks
  6. @joaodantas1705 [1 likes]: good!
  7. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l137
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l137
  8. @screenboiler: Does this technique work with local service based businesses? Like bathroom and kitchen remodelers?
  9. @screenboiler: Does this strategy work for local home service companies?
  10. @SeanMeyerhofer: Great video, one question: you mention cutting the minimum spend per day after 7 days, and mention it should be 1x your CPA target, however, you don't mention the equivalent ratio of spend at the campaign level. My question is how much should we set the CBO budget for relative to how much we'll be spending each day on minimum spend for those ads? Maybe a ratio number or smth would help, obv it must be more or equal to what you plan to spend in total per ad set....thanks in advance!
  11. @AmyNeville: So you create an adset with new creatives and when you know the winner do you just keep that adset or duplicate to another adset with winners already in it.. this is the part that confuses me. I have 4 completely different audiences we sell things to Seniors, Lone Workers, Personal Safety and Disabled people so we have ads for each of these areas dont want to put in same bucket but not sure best structure..
  12. @moritzasche3060: How to decide wich budget the campaign should have?
  13. @elitefitnesschios: Amazing content. Just a quick question is this applicable to lead form ads or we need different strategy? Also is your skool good fit for a service/ physical business like a gym?
  14. @crescitaly: The 1x CPA minimum spend trick on new ad sets is genuinely the highest-leverage change I made this year. Before, winning concepts would sit with $3 spend for days because old ads were hogging everything. Pushed minimum to $45 (our CPA) for 7 days, removed it after, and win-rate on tested concepts jumped from ~8% to 31%. Also the Andromeda insight on running 2x AND 10x ROAS concepts side by side instead of cutting the lower one — total profit went up $9,200 in 3 weeks because we stopped strangling the volume plays.
  15. @socioleadz: Great video, can you tell me if we should run 4-5 or more ads simultaneously for a completely new ad account and with a lower ad budget for ad spend (less than $1k) and how to figure out how many adsets and ads we should run in any certain ad spend?
  16. @davidpu3104: Dude i just watched this video and is pure gold, I mean, I do a similar strategy BUT doing what youre saying make my strategy better! WAY BETTER.
  17. @andrewnevermind4902: 1. Get chat gpt.
2. Use AI to improve your SEO.
3. Use AI to improve alt text on images.
4. Ask AI to help implement changes ready for Shopify integration.
5. Stop paying facebook for old rope.
  18. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  19. @ricottacheese245: thank you!!!
  20. @bruidbarrett: One of the best videos on the topic thank you

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 (Full Guide) | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running any kind of e-commerce brand and static ads aren't part of your overall approach, then you are leaving money on the table. Over the past 12 months, myself and my agency, Fraggle, have made over 10,000 ads for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. 20% of those were static ads. Yep, you heard that right. No fancy UGC, no videos, no transitions, just plain static pixels. And these ads have helped many D2C brands that we work with absolutely slash their CPA, some of them up to 40%. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the founders here at Fraggle. And we make ad creative for DTOC brands. So when I talk about this stuff, I know what I'm talking about. I promise. In today's video, I'm going to show you the exact process that we use to make static ads for our clients and also going to reveal a little cheat code for you at the end so that you can do it yourself at scale. So let's get into it. Why do static ads still work in 2025? Well, simply put, they're the easiest way for you to rapidly test messaging imaging to your customer at a affordable budget. You can probably crank out 20 statics in the time it takes me to make a video. And the reason for that is just, you know, there's 24 images in a second for video and there's only one frame in a static ad. But none of this matters if you don't make them correctly. So, there's three key learnings that I want to teach you throughout this video. And the first one is that whenever you make static ads, you need to ensure that they are easily skimable. And what I mean by that is people are bombarded by ads every single day. If they watch a video ad, they have to commit to, you know, 5 seconds, let's say, to understand what that video is about. However, with a static ad, they can skim the text and the image in like a second. But that's only if you make it skimable. If you make the text really difficult to understand or difficult to see, then it's going to take longer for people to realize what the ad's about and you've lost them and they'll scroll on by. And that's why the most successful statics are the ones that are just simple. Another key thing that you need is you need to deal with objections. Because of the way that meta works, often enough these static ads are sitting at the bottom or middle of the funnel. And this is the point in the sales journey where people are deciding whether they're going to buy or not. So, it's the perfect opportunity to address the objections people might have. Perhaps it's price that is stopping them from purchasing. Well, why don't we break down the price to a daily figure to anchor it at a lower figure? Or maybe it's trust. They don't know you. They don't know why they should buy from you. So, social proof would be perfect. And in fact, that leads me into the next point that should be in every single static, and it is social proof. A review, a star rating, a trust pilot icon, whatever it is, including some social proofing your statics is the key to their success. The brands that are doing statics really well simply don't miss any of those three things. So, let's break down some of our most successful static ads that we've made at Fraggle, and I'll show you why they work. So, this first one is from one of our clients called The Black Stuff. It's a soap brand, and this is such an incredible performing static. I posted it on my Twitter recently and I compared the different variations and I asked people which one they think won out and this was the winner. It's so incredibly simple. It's literally hands holding their different soaps. It's great here because their soaps are really colorful and eye-catching anyway. And that's actually one big point to why this worked is the imagery is eye-catching. If your product looks cool or you can make it look cool, go to the extra effort because it will make your ads stop the scroll way easier. And then we go on to break down the three most popular SKUs and explain them in word terms of what they smell like. For example, citrus cedarwood scrub is orange, peppermint, and cedar wood. And it's citrusy and exfoliating. The static isn't anything groundbreaking. It's literally three of their SKs, images of them, and then we're just explaining what they smell like. And then finally, at the bottom, we have the copy, which is calling out their offer, which is the clean crack offer. So, we're calling out that it's an offer. might get people's attention if they are on the fence about purchasing. And then just a little bit of copy as well just to seal the deal. Smells so good you'll distract yourself. And then finally, a shop now CTA and the logo. Nothing crazy. And yet this performed incredibly well. You'll actually notice on this we don't have any social proof, but at the top I said that every ad needs to include social proof. And that is right. Okay, don't get me wrong, but I think it's worth testing sometimes if removing that social proof or having it makes any difference. maybe do a variation. This was another really popular ad that we made for Freya. And you can see the imagery is probably the reason why it did so well. The idea behind this is that we want to sell bone broth as a natural way to get better bowels, healthier joints, increase your hormone balance, and stronger skin and nails. And so, what's the best way to do that? Well, to put a patch of grass, cuz that says natural, it says organic. So, our designer put this together. They generated the little grass patch with Mid Journey. And then they literally just put one of their product images, added a shadow, and now it looks like it's floating. And in this one, we have social proof. 2,000 plus five-star reviews, love it, or money back. That's another main factor of why ads, static ads in particular, often work. It's guarantees. If you can make someone feel safe in their purchase, then they are going to purchase. How much more confident would you feel if someone said, "Spend four grand on this product, and if you hate it, I'll give you your money back." You have nothing to lose. So, why would you not purchase it? That's the same thing we're doing here. We're saying, look, try it out. If you don't like it, no worries. You can have your money back. Walk away. Nothing lost, nothing gained. And that's all about your offer. It's not necessarily to do with static ads, but the way that you present it in your ads is important. And then at the bottom here, we just have some main benefit call outs, what Freya is going to help you achieve if you use them. Now, this static ad from Misa is probably one of the best static ads in terms of performance that we've ever made. And I am so proud of this cuz our designer did an incredible work cuz all they had to work with was an image cut out of the hand and the product. The rest is all completely generated and stitched together. And that's what's so great about static ads is you can you can really make anything possible. Particularly now with the rise of chat GPT and the image generation model that wasn't around when we made this. However, you can see how easy it would be to make that even now. And the important part that I want to draw your attention to in this ad is the copy. Upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Often enough, any kind of technology product, it just feels complicated. You lose people because they're like, "Am I actually going to be able to use this?" And so, what we wanted to do with a copy in this is simplify as much as we possibly could do. The Misa allows you to control your heating from your home. That's it. That's how simple it is. But for a lot of people, it's a major upgrade from the regular old thermostats that they have. And so we wanted to include that this is an upgrade from what you already have, giving people a reason to click and find out more. So upgrade your heating and control it from your phone. Simple. And then a bit of color theory comes into this as well. We have, you know, the red drawing our attention to like the pinky red text. And then the background we have the purple color which matches the purple which is on the phone. Everything kind of ties together. Design is actually pretty important when it comes to static ads. you can go down like the ugly static route like post-it note ads and all that. However, I normally push people towards like the well-designed stuff because it just separates you from a bit of the noise really. I always say ad creative is your moat. If you can deepen your moat with better ad creative, then people are going to have a harder job copying you. Okay, so we've gone through some of our best performers, but how can you replicate them for yourself? Do you have to hire a designer? Do you have to spend all this money on graphics and photography? No. A great service that I founded with a couple of friends a while back was Creative OS. If you've never heard about this, this is a tool where it's an absolute sea of templates for your ads that you can open up in Canva and Figma and within a couple of clicks, you have some wellperforming static ads. And now it's even easier because of chat GPT. You can generate your images in ChatGpt. You can take those and add them to a Creative OS template. Within seconds, you've got a bunch of ads to test. There's a link down below if you want to check out Creative OS and you want to support what we're doing. Go and have a look. There's a free trial. You can try it out. And if you don't like it, you don't like it. So to recap, the first thing, research your customer deeply. You need to understand your customer so that you can speak to them. Number two, start with some kind of objection. It can normally spiral a couple of ideas. So start with a popular objection that you get to why your customer hasn't purchased your product. Number three, build in social proof where you can. Any opportunity to increase customer trust is worth it. Number four, design for the scroll. Think about when people are scrolling past. Is this eye-catching enough? Can I skim read this? Think before you design. Test fast, test messy. The best thing about static ads is how many you can make and how many you can test at speed. Rapid testing of statics will result in learnings. If you want static ads like this or maybe even video ads, then I would love to chat. Scan the QR code on the screen if you want or check out the link down below to book a call with me. But until the next one, hit subscribe, hit like, leave a comment, and I'll see you soon. Bye-bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jwh0122 [15 likes]: 1:22 make your ads skimable, easy to read & understand
1:58 address customer objections: price, trust
2:33 social proof

6:51 colour

7:36 CreativeOS
  2. @pixonicgraphix [10 likes]: I'm a designer and one thing I'd say that these designs look really good but when it comes to clients they would straight forward say it is canva or ai generated I can make in 2 minutes they don't mainly see what this ad can do for them and they make up so many changes that the design is ruined and when they use that design, they don't get results than they give blames to us as didn't got luck on the creatives blah, blah...
  3. @newtrendcomputernetworksllc [10 likes]: Super helpful breakdown! Static ads are underrated—this makes scaling feel doable without overcomplicating things. Thanks for the clear tips!
  4. @estonian44 [3 likes]: thanbk you, that was fun and informative,
  5. @LeeroyJDeWitt [2 likes]: fraggle rocks .... thanks for the very useful info!
  6. @IM_so_obsessed [1 likes]: Hello sir! I want to make an ad agency. But so new in this field. I don't know how to make ads and don't know how to find clints for selling these ads. Can you plz give me the solution?
  7. @husseinalbahri-jg8mp [1 likes]: Do you have a team for designing advertisements?
  8. @hasnain231 [1 likes]: What about the Ads for services ? I Want to get clients for my SEO services!
  9. @joshuanguyen3975 [1 likes]: Any tips on certain formats and static creatives that do best for TOF ?
  10. @BillTrammel [1 likes]: Incredibly useful video, thank you sir
  11. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f [1 likes]: Are there any ad templates in creativeos that are also good for B2B services and lead generation?
  12. @MrHectorrespeto [1 likes]: Great Video, thank you
  13. @AlbertPanugaling: thank you! very informative and amazing
  14. @owikhan845: Great
  15. @AlexWellFitness: awesome video. and clean ads you guys creating!
  16. @leslie.99: Hello! i hope you can help me. im a graphic designer and we need to produce 50 ads but with andromeda update every ads should not be the same. How does variation work for andromeda update?
  17. @jcflash2381: On which platform can I publish my static ads? And this can be used for paid ads?
  18. @brianedwardsu7404: SUPER LOVE YOUR editing - is htis ADOBE PREMEIRE?
  19. @jakubkilian6573: Hi Fraser, big fan of yours! I have a question concerning proper resolution/proportions of the static ads? In what proportions should I send the creative/creatives in one fb ad? TY upfront
  20. @christopherburns2303: CreativeOS got my credit card details, and now it won't let me login again. There's no way I can cancel the subscription now 😒

- Static Ads Ultimate Guide | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en Most statics are either overdesigned or over researched. But the best brands are using them as a weapon to slash their CPA. They're testing new angles rapidly because of static ads and they're able to scale them quickly when they find a winner. And let me tell you the difference. It's systems. I'm Fraser. I'm co-founder here at Fraggle and we make ad creative for some of your favorite DTOC brands. Aloha, Leaf Shave, The Black Stuff, Chomps, just to name a couple. And from someone that has personally designed and researched and created static ads that have helped clients scale by millions of dollars over the past seven years of working in this industry, I can tell you I know how to do this. Today, we're going to cover everything from copywriting to design to research to show you how to make the perfect static ad. And the best part is I'm going to show you every single process with performance in mind because that is what matters. And if you want any type of ad creative for your DTOC brand, then make sure you check the link down in the description. Just visit fraggle.com and you can apply to work with us. Now, let's jump straight into it, shall we? So, the first part, any kind of ad creative, not necessarily just static ads, is deep research. You need a firm understanding of who the brand is selling to, what the product is, and why people even care about it. Because without that, then you're just kind of shooting in the dark. So, we're going to be using one of our clients as an example leaf shave. There's a couple of things that we can do to do our research, but the first thing I like to do is literally just to visit their website. It's often the best place to start and you get a good idea of what the brand does and the visual identity. So, just by first looks on their website, if we didn't know anything about them, we can tell they're very brand conscious. They're very eco-conscious. They have an incredibly good-looking product and their whole thing is about giving you your best shave. Now, obviously, we've been working with Leaf Shave for a number of months now, and so I have a much deeper understanding of the brand than the average person would do coming into this account. However, we can use what we have here to start to gather some ideas. So, we can see that they have a number of different use cases. They have body shaving, face shaving, head shaving, fuzz shaving, a load of different products for different areas of the body. So, perhaps that's one angle that we can do. But the best place to start with research in my opinion is by using AI to help us. Deep research is probably one of the best things that you can use AI for because researching anything takes a long time. And if you can get AI to cut some of that time out for you, then you can use that for another part of the process. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to head over to Chat GBT and I'm going to get ChatGBT to write me a deep research prompt for leaf shave. Now I actually already have a prompt that I use for this. You can feel free to copy this. I'll put it in the description for you. But essentially what we're saying here, I want you to write me a prompt for deep research that will help me find out more about the customers of my client's product. Think about every possibility or reason why someone would buy or wouldn't buy. Who should we be targeting? Their pain points, how do they feel after their purchase, etc. The client is called, and then we just need to put in the brand here, Leaf Shave, and their website is There we go. For context, we are a creative performance agency creating ads for shave. Okay. And now I'm asking it to deliver this in plain text. So what I'm doing here is I'm asking chat GPT to write a prompt for itself specifically for their deep research tool. Okay. So then I just click go and it's going to write me a prompt pretty quickly. Okay. So now all I need to do is copy this prompt into a brand new tab. Okay. Okay. So, we'll wait for this to write and then we'll literally just copy and paste it in and we'll make sure that we're using deep research. So, let's copy this. Let's go and open a new chat. Let's pop it in here. Let's make sure that we remove any of this information here. Um, we'll go to tools here. We'll go to deep research. And then we literally just click go. Now, this is going to take a little bit longer than the usual prompt. The reason for that is because it actually does deep research. It might ask some qualifying questions like this. Are you looking to insert primary on the US customers? So, I'm going to answer those. uh US to look at DTOC only. And I'm just going to let it go for it. And now it's going to take about 15 minutes or so to start to research. Now, just to save some time, I've pulled up one that I did earlier. And this is what you should get out of it. It's going to be a huge document here which is telling you exactly why people buy Leaf Shave and why the product is so good. So what you can do, you can either copy and paste this into a Google doc if you want or you can literally you can just download the document yourself. So that is what I'm going to do. I'm going to download that as a PDF. Done. We now have a huge basis of research for our product. Now you can just leave it at that if you want or you can go and do some more manual research. I'm talking about looking at Reddit, Amazon reviews, at customer reviews. All this kind of stuff can really help you get a good picture of why the brand is successful and why people are buying. One of my favorite new tools is actually Reddit answers. So this is a free AIdriven tool in Reddit and you can basically ask it anything you want and it will comb through Reddit and it will find relevant stuff. So for example here, why do people like leaf shave? Okay, I'm just going to search that. It's going to look through Reddit and it's now going to come back and it's going to give me a couple of lines and then link to a subreddit where the post actually is. So, the pros of Leaf Shave, the multi-blade system, Leaf Shaves uses three blades, which many find attractive for a clo shave, the pivot head, pivoting head is a significant feature, making it easier. Now, where the real value comes in with Reddit answers is that you can go back to the original subreddit in the original post and you can start to have a look at it. So, sustainability, let's say, let's click on that and it's going to give us a breakdown. Was thinking about getting the Leaf Razor. Uh they go on to you know to basically ask what you know if they should buy it and then there is like a full comment here about why someone bought it. I bought the Leaf in 20120. I still love it. I'm so impressed by it. It gives you like real customer language of why people are buying this away from just reviews because if we mentioned in previous videos reviews are sometimes a little bit biased because they're either really good or they're really bad because people only leave reviews on the company's website when they really love the product or they really hate the product. And sometimes the brands remove the really bad ones. So you're kind of left with only positive things. But when you come to Reddit directly, you can really hear why people love or hate the product. And even if they hate it, that doesn't mean that you should just disregard this research. This is really great because it could be things that you could address within ads to help push potential dubious customers over the edge of purchasing. Before we go any further in the video, make sure that you hit subscribe and make sure you hit like and leave a comment. It really helps us gain some inspiration of what videos to make next and lets us know that we're doing the right thing. Back to the video. So, once we have a firm idea of the actual product and the brand, we've done our research there. Now, we should probably have a look at the niche in general. I find the best way to do this is by using any kind of like ad searching tool. I use foreplay, but there's a ton of other tools out there that do very similar things. So, within foreplay, I normally end up in the discovery feed. This is essentially just like a live feed of what everyone is saving on the platform. And you can filter it down. So I'm going to go here and I'm going to filter by niche. And for this, because we're using Leaf Shave, I'm going to see what fits. Probably health and wellness potentially. Tech. No, probably not. Let's go for health and wellness. Okay. So, what we can do here, we can just have a look through here. We can watch some videos. We can look at some statics. If we just want to look at statics, because obviously we're making some static ads here. We go to format and change that to statics. Now it's going to filter it all just by statics. Now we can also filter it by the longest running, the oldest, however you want it. You can change that. People like to use the longest running as a bit of an indicator for what is potentially the best performing. That isn't always the case cuz people just leave ads on regardless if they're only taking up a couple of pence a day or something. However, we're just going to have a look through and we're going to get an idea of what people are doing within the health and wellness niche. Now, I'm getting a lot of like supplements and stuff like that, not necessarily shaving ads. So, I'm going to niche this down a little bit further. I'm going to get rid of this tag and I'm literally just going to post in here shaving. Okay, and it's going to look for all keywords that have shaving in it. We can see now we're getting some more relevant ads coming through. So, hence shaving. This is one of their competitors, so it might be worth looking at them. Uh we've also got some hair removal stuff as well, just some uh light therapy stuff. So, we can see they're going quite hard on like the lot of headline style ads in here. We've got some us versus them. We've got some more like wink wink nudge nudge style ads here. A lot of female focus stuff on here as well. A lot of like text native content. So, this gives a good idea of what people are running and this might be able to guide us into what we should be making. But remember, if someone is looking for a new shaving product, the chances are they're getting targeted by all these brands anyway. So, the last thing we want to do is just make ads that look like our competitor's ads. So, what I suggest we do because we're going to be using this tool anyway is head over to Creative OS. I am one of the co-founders of this tool. Uh, and essentially it just gives you a lot of templates that you can then open in Figma or Canva and make static ads from. We're going to be using this later on to actually help us design some statics, but I'm also going to use it for a little bit of inspiration as well. So I can look through a lot of their templates that they have and I can get an idea like this this Harry's one that's kind of similar to what we see in the shaving people. That that could be a good one. This is a bit more highly branded. See what we're doing? We're just grabbing some inspiration of what we think could potentially work for the brand. You can take this even further. You can import reviews into chat GPT and you can get it to, you know, extract information that you can then further use. The research can go as far as you like. I would always suggest do as much research as you can do and load up like a Claude project or a Poppy AI project with as much research as you can do because as I always say the more context that you give these AI tools the better the outputs. Okay, so now we need to actually come up with some ideas for the static. So for this I think I'm going to use Poppy. Poppy is probably one of my go-to like AI tools currently. However, you can do a very similar thing within like Claude or ChatgBT or something like that. I just like the visual way that Poppy works. However, let's not forget that this is not a free tool. There is a link down below if you want to sign up for it. It's an affiliate link. However, Claude is free. So, if you want to use Claude, then you can do. But, we're just going to open a brand new board here and we're just going to start in Poppy. So, how Poppy works is we can just upload things to like a visual like mindmap style database. So, I'm just going to pop in here our deep research document. This is remember what we got from chat GBT before. And I'm just going to say research on the brand. Okay. So there we have our research on who's buying the Leaf products. Now I'm also going to grab this document here which is uh you know how to make great Facebook ads static ads. What we can also do is we can import YouTube videos into here. So I'm going to go import one of my own YouTube videos. So I'm going to get my master class for static ads. I'm going to copy this. I'm going to put it into uh Poppy here. I'm just going to paste it in here. So here now we've kind of filled it up with a bit of the information that we need, right? We've got a little guide on how to make good static ads. We've got a little video on how to make static ads. And now we also have the deep research for the brand as well. Now another thing that I could do here is we can import the website if we want. So if we go here, we can import the website URL. I'm giving this just some information here on what it is. We're kind of loading we're loading the database as much as we can do. Again, you can do this within cloud projects. uh you can just import everything just as like context documents. I like doing this because it's just a bit more visual and doing add creative is very visual. So why would we not use this? Now what I've also done here is I've just dragged these into a group here just so we can like just for ease basically but I'm going to put so one group here is going to be for the research another one is going to be for like how to make good static ads. So there our two things there. So, one thing you can do is if you have access to your reviews, then you want to input them into Poppy or Claude, wherever, cuz this will really help you understand what the customer is saying and why they love your product. Now, what we want to do is we want to now load all these into our chat. So, I'm actually using Claude for Sonnet inside Poppy. Uh, it's just a different kind of way of using projects, basically. So, I've just linked my research as well as uh my like how to into here. Now I'm going to full screen this. We're going to just work inside Poppy and start to build some ideas for our ads. So one thing I like to do before I do anything with AI and projects is I like to do just like a bit of a gut check just so I know that it understands what I'm talking about. So I'm literally just going to say I want you to use your project knowledge and tell me what you understand about leaf shave. I'm just going to send that and see whether it's actually digested the right information. Okay, cool. So we can see it's pulling up all the right stuff. So we definitely have all the information that we need. So, I think we can probably now start to ideulate and start to build some ideas for static ads. So, remember, we're using static ads to efficiently and cleanly communicate what our product does for the customer. That's the whole idea behind static ads. A lot of the time, static ads are at the bottom of the funnel. And so, these people are probably familiar with the brand already. They just need a little more encouragement to purchase. Guys, before we go any further, I want to give a big thank you to Omnisend for sponsoring this portion of the video. All the ecom brands that I see scaling with serious numbers have one thing in common and that is they have a ton of automations running behind the scenes. This isn't optional anymore. Most brands have automations running. Sure. However, usually the segmentation is pretty weak and there's no real automation behind it. And what's even worse is most e-commerce brands don't even realize that they're losing 30 to 50% of the revenue that they could be making with email and SMS. And that is where Omnisend comes in. It fills that gap. They offer drag and drop emails. They've got pre-bill automations and most importantly, proper revenue tracking. You can send a welcome flow, an abandoned car email, and even birthday campaigns in minutes. And most importantly, they have SMS built right in. No extra tools, no weird integrations. It's just it's just all there. And what's really cool is it's worldwide and it works alongside your emails just like SMS should do. I've paired with Omnis to give you 30% off your first 3 months. All you need to do is use the code phrase at 30 at checkout or use the link below. Go check them out and see what real clean email and SMS can do for your business. Now back to the video. So Poppy is actually very good with just very simple prompts. You might need to write longer prompts in other tools. However, Poppy's very good at just simple prompts. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, "Look at all the information and give me some ideas for static ads to sell the leaf." What product should we do here? A couple of different products. I think we should do a female one. So, I think at this point when we start to ideate, it's probably a good idea to have a look at what product you actually want to make an add-on and what customer you want to target. You can have a look at your data for this or maybe you only have one product and one customer, whatever that is. For us, I think what we're going to do, we're going to pick females cuz I know from the research that that is a pretty big demographic for them. And the most popular razor for them is this threebladed one. So, you can see here is the triple blade razor. So, we're going to get the triple blade razor and it's going to be for females. So, we can import that into here. So, look at all the information. Give me some ideas for a static ad to sell the Leaf threeblade razor to women. Okay. So, it's just going to come up with some ideas and we're going to start brainstorming with the AI. So AI is just a fantastic assistant. That's how I see it and that's often how I use it. So if I'm brainstorming things, I'm dumping it into an AI like this as well as coming up with my own ideas. Or I'm even using AI to validate my own ideas. Maybe I've got a really good idea and I want to ask AI whether it is a good idea. So we've got a couple here that it's come up with. We got problem solution focused ad. Razor burn relief. Finally a razor that doesn't betray your skin. Plastic waste gill. I'm not plastic using their blade engraving. Uh money math ad. What if I told you this 84 razor will save you 500? That's good. I think there's a better way to say that. I do like the price anchoring idea because cartridges cost a lot of money over a long time. So perhaps there's something there. Daily cost breakdown ad. I like that idea. Testimonial ad potentially legs, underarms, bikini, one razor, you shave everywhere. I think what we're going to do, we're going to go for cuz I really like this idea like the cost-saving focused ads because that is one of their big selling points because you're buying this razor that will last forever. You never need to buy another one. You never need to buy cartridges again. All you need to buy is their little razors which cost absolutely nothing. I think this is a main reason why people, specifically women, might want to buy this razor. So now we're going to actually start to write the copy and start to build an ad. Okay, so to write the copy, the first thing we're going to do is I'm going to ask it for some more ideas. So, I really like the cost-saving focused ads, but give me some more options. Okay, so I'm just going to ask it for a couple more options based on the ideas that I liked. So, it's given us an absolute ton of ideas here. We've got say side by side check. We've got the cartridge addiction, uh, the $1,000 shave. You'll spend $1,000 plus on razors in your lifetime. Unless you make one smart decision today, the leaf costs $84. Everything else costs less forever. I like that one. So, I think what we're going to do, we're going to ask it for some I want to use price anchoring within this angle. Write me some ideas. So, we know that price anchoring is a very powerful tool. Okay. So, if we can use that, then why wouldn't we? Okay. Specifically when we're talking about cost comparison of something. So, it's writing us a load of ideas here. I can see some coming in. The Netflix logic, the gym membership reality. Uh there's a couple here. I think we're probably going towards the right direction now. So, you can see that we're coming up with ideas. We're feeding that to the AI and we're giving that some direction. That's the best way to do it. AI is never going to come up with something straight away. It's just not going to work. And if you are an expert on your product and add creative, then it's best that you guide the AI. So, I don't like the idea of like putting it towards like a handbag or a luxury car or something. I don't think that quite works. Manicures, I don't think we're going the right path here. There was this one here, the salon shave at home, but I don't think anyone goes to the salon for like a daily shave, but I guess maybe they do. Laser hair removal alternative. Maybe we're not going down the right path. Let's have a look at something else. So, I'm actually going to go back to Creative OS here and I'm going to have a look through and I'm going to see if there's any which might inspire us in terms of what direction we could go with copy. Right. So, there's obviously like a lot of different stuff here that you can filter it by. So maybe we go something a comparison ad. Maybe maybe we look at a comparison ad. So I like the idea of doing a comparison ad between traditional razors and the new razor. So let's say we did something like this obvious example. Okay. So let's go back to Poppy and let's say I want to do a us versus them static ad. Could you help write it? I want to compare the leaf blade to a normal disposable razor. I want to target women and make the copy a little cheeky. Okay, I think I said let the company be a bit cheeky, but I think it'll get what we mean. So, it's given us a couple of like trusty us versus them here. So, it's given us, you know, left side what this is, right side what this is, but it's also sparked a really cool idea, the breakup letter. I like this idea of this like texton image which is kind of designed a bit like a letter and will address like all the concerns of why people don't like to use disposables. Okay, so let's do that. And I don't think we need to use a template for this. I think we can just do it inside Canva. So let's open up Canva here. Let's have a look. We're just going to create uh a new document. I'm just going to go social media here. Uh and we're going to do a 4x5 and let's have a look what we can pull together. So I'm going to go and grab this copy here. Dear plastic razors, it's not me, it's definitely you. Let's pop this into Canva here. So, we're just going to I'm just going to pop some text in for now, I think. Okay. Dear plastic razors, let's just do a bit of design. Now, this is the great thing about where we are in terms of technology right now is that I just used AI to help guide me towards an idea and copy for a static. And now I'm using a free tool. I'm using Canva to now design the static. And remember, if you don't have any design experience at all and you're not familiar, you can then use Creative OS and you can help that guide you towards an idea that you can use. Because remember, if we did go for the us versus them copy that it came up with here, we could very easily put that into one of the Creative OS ideas here and we could we could have an ad up in minutes. So, I've just been sat here thinking and I think this might make like the perfect like fake iMessage idea. So, what I've actually done is I've headed over to Creative OS and I've just had a look through their templates and I found a couple here that I think we can we can use. Now, we actually have two, I think. So, there's this one here, right? There's this. This is what I was originally thinking when I saw that like big block of text thing. So, I think we could use something like that or we could use a iMessage or we could use them both and test them with variations. Okay. So, what we're going to do, let's let's do this one first. So, I'm going to head over to my uh document here. Just going to copy this in here. So, I'm going to align all this here. We're going to make this a little bit bigger. I think we're going to change the font as well because I don't really like this font. Uh, let's have a look what else we have. Helvetica is always pretty solid one. Let's use that. Okay, there we go. I don't want any of that bold. I just want that bold. All right, I like that. Now, we're going to head over to Leaf. I'm going to grab their color. All right, so I'm going to grab this like light pink color here that they have. I'm going to make that the background color. All right, there we go. Okay, so now we're just going to have a look here. Dear cheap plastic razor, this isn't working anymore. You cost me $500 a year, clog after two strokes, and frankly, you're just not that good in bed. I mean, bathroom, I found someone, someone better. They're metal. They last forever, and they actually care about my legs. It's not me. It's definitely you. Every smart woman. I really like this. So, let's have a look now here. Back here, we're going to go PS. The leaf razor says hi. Okay, so we're going to add this bit in down here. I really like the way that's laid out. I think we need an image of the leaf razor. So, I'm just going to head here where I just grabbed an image of their product. And I'm just going to post that in here. And I think we can remove the background within here. Yes, we can. Let's see if it does it correctly. Come on, AI. Don't fail me now. There we go. Lovely. Done. Now, I think potentially this needs maybe a bit of a CTA. So, we could put this here. So, let's just go back to Creative OS and let's have a look at what they've done here. So they haven't there's actually no kind of mention directly. There's no branding on it or anything. So I think I think what we have here might actually work. I really like this. I think this is a this is a really kind of smart idea. And this came from a mixture of our own creativity and like letting it kind of run wild. But then also it came from AI which was sparking the inspiration. You see how the two start to work together. Now at Fraggle when we make any ad whether it's video or static, we make variations. Variations are basically the same ad but with something changed. We're treating it like a science experiment. We're changing one thing at a time so that we can tie that back to the change it has in performance. So a good example of a video variation is changing the hook. A good idea of a static variation is maybe changing the headline. So if we look at this here that we've just made inside Canva, we can duplicate it here and we can make a variation. We can also use AI to help us with that. So let's say here I've gone with write me another version to AB test. Okay, so we're leaving this up to AI to do it. We can also think of some other variations for us to use. And it's thinking and it's going away and it's going to write us something new. You know what's really weird? The first thing it's come up with here is the breakup text, which was the variation I was talking about that we could make it into before, which is really funny. Uh but I think I want to keep this generic idea and I just want to change the headline. So, could we use the original but change the copy? Okay. So, I'm just asking it to change the copy. I don't want a completely new idea because at that point I feel like we're potentially changing too much which might lead us to not have the correct learnings. Okay. So, it's given us like a whole other version here. So, it said here, dear plastic razor, instead this is goodbye forever. There we go. So, for this we're just going to change all the copy. And if this one performs better than the other one, then we know that it was a copy problem and not a format problem. Okay. So, we just need to format it back to the same one. So, I think what we're going to do here, let's just remember. So, it's dear plastic razor. Bring this up here. This is a little bit longer this one. So, we might have to do a little bit of editing to make it fit. Uh, we've been together too long and I'm finally ready to the truth. You're expensive, unreliable, and frankly terrible at what you do. You promised me smooth legs, delivered razor burn. And you said you'd be affordable. Cost me hundreds. And don't even get me started on Okay, let's get rid of that line. Don't think we need that one. I find someone that actually cares about my skin and my wallet. They're built to last. They're gorgeous and they make me feel good about my choices. This is goodbye forever. Let's get rid of the PS. Let's do a sincerely. Boom. Now we have two ads of a very similar format, but different text, so we can test them against each other and see which one works. So, when we're looking at the results to garner whether this was a good static or not, we're looking at a few different things. So, obviously the CPA, which was the cheapest to purchase a sale. We're looking at the CTA, which one had the highest click-through rate. And we're also looking at the cost per click, which one cost us the least to get a click. Obviously, because this is a static, we don't have things like hook rate and hold rate. So, we're looking at the other results to help us understand why this ad was successful or not. So, now all you need to do is go and run that into your ad account and happy days. This is the exact system that we use here at Fraggle to generate statics for 7, 8, and 9 figure DTOC brands. We researched the brand. We gained some insights. We crafted a really sharp angle with the help of AI. We wrote some really great copy and we finally designed it for free inside Canva. Most brands are treating static ads as filler. We want to use them as a weapon. If you happen to run a DTC brand that's spending over 70k on ads every single month, I would absolutely love to speak to you. You can scan the QR code on the screen or you can head to the link down below and we can have a chat and a conversation and we'll see whether it's a good fit. And if you haven't already seen the video that I mentioned earlier on where I break down some of our best performing static ads, then you can do go and watch that one after this. But thanks very much for watching. Make sure that you hit the subscribe button and I'll see you in the next one. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @suprem3763 [6 likes]: Hi Fraser, thanks for the video, it's really helpful ! Is the guide you're including at 10:46 available somewhere ? Or did I miss it ?
Thanks
  2. @jeremiahjones6912 [5 likes]: What if your product doesn't solve a "problem". I have a jewelry brand and it's just positioned as fun, trendy and fashionable. It doesn't have a problem its solving. How do I figure out the right copy for fashion jewelry when the product doesn't hit pain points.
  3. @ZsuzsaFarkas87 [1 likes]: I feel like you waste so much time with AI. It just seems like you feel satisfied with the amount of text it produces so you don’t need to do the actual work 
Most of it seemed extremely unnecessary
  4. @apologetic_path [1 likes]: I don't see the prompt in the description. 2:37
  5. @Shua-f7z: What if it's a service-based business like chiropractic? Does the same ad strategy as D2C apply?
  6. @lemonroti1991: In this guide to scaling static ads, the creator highlights several specific tools used throughout his research, brainstorming, and design process:

AI & Research Tools:

ChatGPT (specifically its Deep Research capability) is used to generate research prompts and uncover deep insights about the target audience and brand (2:28 - 4:35).
Reddit Answers is used for mining authentic customer conversations and uncovering real-world pain points (4:55 - 6:35).
Poppy AI (or Claude) serves as a visual hub for organizing research, importing website data, and brainstorming ad angles (9:53 - 13:00).

Competitor & Niche Analysis:

Foreplay is used as an ad-searching tool to analyze what competitors are doing within specific niches (6:52 - 8:50).
Creative OS provides templates and design inspiration for structuring ads (8:53 - 9:30, 20:50 - 21:15).

Design & Workflow:

Canva is utilized for the final layout and visual design of the static ad creatives (19:42 - 20:25).

Email & SMS Marketing:

Omnisend is mentioned as a key tool for driving conversions through automated email and SMS workflows (13:10 - 14:28).
  7. @ricardosegura4285: Excellent
  8. @AlbertPanugaling: Amazing! very useful
  9. @DigxitalMarketing: how can i get the doc on how to make great static facebook ads?
  10. @JaridOrgeron: This is why a real media buyer costs thousands of dollars a month.
  11. @karlschopf: Can you add a disclaimer or something that Creative.OS doesn't offer the Canva + Figma functionality anymore? I signed up to it based on this video and only after the onboarding learned that it's been removed. Unfortunately, customer service has been a nightmare to deal with and won't give me a refund despite it being the same day of the sign-up (and technically was suppose to be on a free trial anyways).
  12. @TravelVlog-jq8zt: Creative OS is a rip off stoped working and you cant edit ads no more, in figam or canva
  13. @LumenorOfficial: Can you Please create a service based business on laundry pickup and delivery static ads.l really need some help on that
  14. @rishav3239: Hi Fraser, my mate put me on your videos. Great stuff, question tho - so I’ve got a graphic designer / content creator in house to use fo any ad creative production. Do you have any briefing templates or insights into the best way to brief content creators for ads? I know foreplay, atria , Marie brief have their own briefing options, but I’ve never used them. Currently I just brief using world google docs and it’s quite tedious and manual and I don’t have a template! Keen to hear your thoughts :)
  15. @AndreaCeccotti-j7f: I'm a CreativeOS customer. Now I can no longer open the templates in Figma, but there's the built-in editor. It's not bad, but I preferred opening them in Canva. Will you bring this option back? I have the basic plan.
  16. @Politicallycorrect926: Love the video. What other formats do you recommend? What about Carousel ads for Ecom brand?
  17. @sedztv206: for the deep research with AI , would it still work for start-up business and e-commerce websites?
  18. @vishnuvardhang2664: This is beautiful love it thank you!!

Also is there any way we can find the zip folder for the effective static ads (if possible)
  19. @ajay22111: Awesome 🎉
  20. @simonbuiguescastilla713: Will be the course available in the future?

- Static Ads Masterclass 2026 | The Easiest Ads to Scale FAST: Kind: captions Language: en If you're not running static ads in 2025, you are leaving money on the table. My company makes thousands of ads every single month for six, seven, and eight figure brands. And I can tell you that static ads are not only still working consistently, but they are also the foundation of a good creative pipeline and key for finding new winning angles. And the reason is very simple. Statics are the cheapest and fastest way for you to test your messaging. Right now, we're testing multiple batches of statics in the same amount of time that it takes us to get one round of content back from a single influencer, and we're saving money in the process. But statics only work if the system is built the right way. So, let me hop into my computer and I'll show you the process. Okay, so now that we're in my computer, welcome to the static ads master class. I'm going to go over a brief summary of everything. We're going to go over three keys of making good static ads. I'm going to show you some in real time examples. I'm going to show you exactly how to set up the ads and test them. And then I'm going to save a little treat for the end of the video. So, let's get right into it. The first thing is the three keys of a banger static, right? The first thing is it needs to be skimable. So, a lot of times, and you'll see in the example that I show, it's not cluttered, right? You don't want text all over the screen, crazy amount of colors. You want to understand where the viewer's eye is going, right? That's extremely important. So, we want to showcase the product in a good way. We want to have a cue key feature call outs or social proof or address any objections that they have, but we want to keep it very minimal, just enough to get the person to click, right? So, that's going to be the first thing is don't overdo your static ads. Make them very skimable. The second is going to be addressing any objections. Statics a lot of times are going to hit the middle of the funnel or clean up some of the, you know, viewers who may have watched a VSSL at the top of your funnel but didn't make the purchase. So, here's where you can address some of those objections, right? Think about maybe price is an objection or shipping time or, you know, social proof. Maybe hit them with a review. These are all things that are good in static ads. And the final social proof. Like I said, these are my favorite types of static ads. I just love letting reviews run or um you know, celebrity endorsements, anything that you can do like that in a static ad always rips. So, those are the three keys. Make them really skimable, easy to digest, get the information across in a concise manner. The second, address any objections that people from the top of the funnel may have. And the third, always include social proof if you can. So, this is an example of making something skimable, right? This is an extremely appealing um image to the eye, right? There's a lot of beautiful colors on the top, not a lot on the bottom. There's a clear, concise us versus them happening. Um, and then you see the key feature callouts are very readable, but there's not too much going on. People scroll really fast. If your ad cannot be understood in one second, you've lost them. That's a good quote to live by. They can understand exactly what's happening right now. And there's already a lot of fear in the marketplace about energy drinks, right? So, what we do with that is we obviously pit people against energy drinks. We talk about all the stuff that people already know is bad for them and then we are promoting our product with all of our healthy alternatives. Right? So that's a good example of a skimable ad. Next is addressing objections. So especially if you have a high ticket product, I noticed that people typically have a lot of price objections. So this was a creative way for us. We have a um a client with a pretty high ticket product and we just go straight in and you know lead with buy now pay later. So if people see these crazy flashy visuals that they have in their top offunnel ads but then they go to the website and they click off right immediately after they see the price then they're going to get hit with a static like this and they're going to say, "Oh man, I did not know I could use buy now pay later." Boom. So we're addressing objections, right? The next is going to be including social proof. So even in these what we could have done is had a little you know review right here or I don't know this one it would be kind of weird to have a review maybe like right here. And this is something that we're doing with a lot of our newer ones is just including social proof in almost every ad. Um because like I said these social proof ads just absolutely kill it for us. Trust is everything. add reviews, star ratings, badges, whatever you can do because everybody on the internet has had a bad experience from a Facebook ad at this point. So, you need to be, you know, very trustworthy or at least come off trustworthy, right? So, I hope after seeing that you can kind of understand um what you need to make a good static ad. And these are some good examples in terms of aesthetics. Next, I'm going to get into showing you kind of how to set up the actual test, how to scale your brand with static ads. This is what you came here for. So, it's all good um making a prettyl looking static ad, but you might be asking, how do you test? How do you set everything up? So, this is something that we use internally, and this is something that if you want to do this on your own, I think you should use as well. We typically break it down like this. So, we're going to have obviously your different ICPS, right? Let's just use an example that you are a I'm trying to think of a unisex product. Um something to do with the gym, right? Maybe creatine gummies. So here you could have bodybuilders. Here you could have gym girls. And then here you could have, I don't know, random. So beyond that, you're going to want to take three angles hitting this ICP. Right? So, up under this um is where the different angles are going to come in. And then an an example of an angle, if you're not following me or if you don't know what that means, um would be, you know, maybe an us versus them against, you know, the regular creatine powder. I don't know if you guys have tried creatine, but to me, it tastes terrible in the powder form. That could be an angle. This one could be maybe better absorption coming from the gummy. And then whatever for another angle. And then below that, you want to test different types of creatives or maybe different looks of creatives so that you know you can kind of figure out what type of creative is going to work for that angle and for that ICP. And if you test like that, typically what you're going to see is, you know, ICP number three or customer profile number three is going to be a complete dud. You're going to have no winners. And then maybe for the girl bodybuilders, they're going to really love the taste angle. And then they're going to love, you know, us versus them creatives and maybe review creatives. And then whereas bodybuilders are going to love, you know, the absorption angle and maybe these two types of creatives, then you've just tested extremely quickly. And I know in the beginning I talked about how, you know, UGC content takes a week to get back, VSSLs take a really long time to edit, and they're a lot more expensive. I'm not saying static ads are the end all beall. We also make tons of ESLs and do tons of UGC content. But it's a lot better to do UGC content when you have your dialed in angles and your dialed in um you know offers, key feature callouts, etc. and you have the right ICPS, right? Or customer profiles, I'm sorry. So after you already know this with static ads, then you can start mass prodducing this angle and these creative types, this angle and this creative types and you can go ahead and start sourcing the right type of um UGC creators who are going to be able to communicate to your customer profiles effectively. And you can provide them with exactly what to say and how to promote it based off of the data that you've already gotten back from these quick rapid static tests. So, sorry I feel like I've been talking really fast, but just to summarize this, we want to make the ads skimable. We want to address objections, and we want to include social proof wherever and as much as we possibly can. Then, we want to test and verify customer profiles as well as angles as well as creative types or offers or however you present the product, right? Then after that, you can go ahead and have a lot higher hit rate on your UGC packages that you're shipping out and your VSSLs that you're making. So, just to break this all down very simply for you guys, we're going to take it step by step. Step one, you need to obviously define your ICP or a couple customer profiles that you want to test. I hope you can do that. And if you don't know what that means, I have other videos on my channel where I go extremely in depth into um into customer profiles. Step two is define three different angles from that. Step three is going to be making five creatives per angle. And then step four is going to be launching your test. So hopefully you understand all this. Um, hopefully all this was very informative and if you learned all this and you think, "Oh my gosh, this is really hard. I don't want to do all this myself." Feel free to come work with us at Don Global Solutions, right? We have um, you know, here's some examples. We've done pretty much every niche at this point. We've been in business for about three years and we have sold a lot of stuff, multiple eight figures in client revenue. And yeah, if you made it to the end of the video, comment the word skim. And if you love the video, but you don't want to do this yourself, feel free to click the link in the description. We work with brands selling essentially everything on the internet. Um, and we've been in business for about three years, generated eight figures in client revenue, and like you can see from here, we've made ads selling essentially everything. So hopefully that was enjoyable.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daredisciple [18 likes]: Proverbs 3:5–6 — “Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to Him, and He will make your paths straight.”
  2. @jaredirobinson [3 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  3. @Zky-e6o [2 likes]: Skim

Absolutly clean and so well explained, exactly what i needed to have better mental clarity about all to do all this !
you earned a new sub !
  4. @hassanromulus1476 [2 likes]: Skim, another banger 🔥
  5. @ecomwithsage [1 likes]: Yea statics go hard
  6. @trevmails [1 likes]: Skim
  7. @adamabuawad8568 [1 likes]: Skim
  8. @MagmuuStore: Skim, Thanks for best content on YT
  9. @brasilultimateteam: Skim
  10. @yassersaleh796: I tried yout method and it really helped me. but can you make a video for what to do next. Like the - scaling it self after you get the results. I would appreciate thank you sir!
  11. @TheSteadfastAthlete: Skim - If you do static ads, should there be ad copy? If we have written ad-copy for 7 different video ads, do we include those for the angles of static ads or do we just make it the photo?
  12. @mattiadindi1465: Great video! Just one question: how could I run a test with multiple statics?
For example:
1 CBO → no advantage+ → 1 ad set → 10 static creatives inside, in flexible mode ?
  13. @VivekAhiwale-f6d: Hello sir , can you give us some of examples for service based business?
  14. @kamoteseedless: wasted time and effort. We he have many hacks for Andromeda
  15. @coscodsmgaming4546: I have also started a static ads studio where I offer static ads service, but I am struggling to get clients. can anyone help me with this.
  16. @KurtYaz-biz: Solid vid Jared! Preciate the structure.
  17. @SherwoodPrepper1: Skim
  18. @HerbalNationPH: What AI static ads generator do you use?
  19. @rosejuliebruzual3900: Skim
  20. @davidw717: Be great to see this but for real estate 😢

- I Tested 500 Static Ads, Here’s What Actually Scales in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past couple of years, I have tested and created hundreds of static ads for seven, eight, and nine figure DTOC brands. This one, for example, has had over five figures in the past 14 days. I'm Fraser. I'm one of the co-founders at Fraggle, and we help e-commerce brands with performance ad creative. And in today's video, I'm going to be breaking down some static ads that have actually held spend. But most importantly, I'm going to be telling you why, what made them perform better than others. So shall we get into it? So let's have a look at this first one. The one that I mentioned in the intro of this video. This is one that we made for the black stuff. So one thing you'll notice here is that we are calling out core SKs of their main product, their soap. The reason that we do this is because the actual bars look fantastic on camera. But more importantly than that is that they're very recognizable. The chances are that if you're getting fed this ad, then you would have seen the black stuff at some other point on your social. And so when you see this, it's like recognizable straight away who this ad is for. We also know that these are some of their best performing SKs. And so we want to further push them. But if people have never heard of these SKs, then we break it down for them. Raw Irish honey, black pepper, menthol, peppermint, cedar wood. We're breaking down the tones because realistically that's the only way that people know if this smells good or not. Do you like the smell of cedar wood? Do you like the smell of menthol and lemon? cuz if you do, then you'll probably like one of these soaps. It's very difficult when it comes to selling something which is normally an experience that you'd have in a store. The same goes for like perfume and aftershaves. Very difficult to sell online. You have to sell on emotion and feeling and making people remember those scents. That's why perfume dupe companies do so incredibly well because in their marketing they can say it smells like i.e. a perfume that you already know how it smells. It makes the sale just that little bit easier. And that's basically what we're trying to do here by describing what it sounds like. We actually tested this with a number of different SKs and this was the one that outperformed the rest. Very easy, recognizable scroll stopping colors. If there's one thing you should take away from this ad, it's how important color is in your design cuz you can see that the copy doesn't actually play that much of a role. Clean crack offer smell so good that you'll distract yourself. Shop now. That's right at the bottom. The main things people are going to see is the soap and the color. So, don't be afraid to use block colors in your ads because I've mentioned in previous videos before, color psychology is a real thing and it does make people stop on the scroll and it is particularly effective in static ads. Now, the next one is probably a format that you've seen quite a lot. I call it the cartoon format. Essentially, we lean on AI very heavily for this one. We have what I call a headline image. In this case, it's a cartoon pizza with a big smile on its face that was generated with Nano Banana. And what we're able to do there is capture people's attention using the image because if we were to remove the image from this ad, the actual ad itself wouldn't really work. It would be fairly scroll pastable, if that's a word. But when we put the image in there, suddenly it's something that you might stop and read because the image is so ridiculous. This is where AI imagery really shines, I think, because it allows you to do things which would normally take a long time to do, i.e. get something like this like 3D modeled or drawn. You can do it in seconds and you can put it in an ad. And that image dictated basically the entire design of this ad because we went for this bold poppy poster style design and all that ties together. But the main important thing here is the imagery almost like a mascot. I see more and more of these ads all the time on my feed particularly for like weight loss and supplement brands because usually it's quite difficult to find images that work for this type of ad. Nobody wants to see yet another ad of someone looking depressed with their head in their hands like stock footage style. People are sick of it. So instead, you can get a little more fun, a little more entertaining with a headline image ad like this. And of course, copy is very important in any static ad. So we have big letters blood sugar hack. If you are struggling with your blood sugar, then the chances are this is going to grab your attention straight away. And that is at the top of the ad. So we hook people in with the weird mascot pizza image. The next thing they're probably going to look at is the blood sugar hack for people who hate dieting. And then they're going to make a decision. Is this ad for me or not? If it is, then their eyes scroll down further and they say, "Eat what you want. Watch A1C drop." And then they will judge whether they want to click on this ad or not. And that's why these work so well because the scroll stopping element of it can be generated in, you know, 5 minutes using Nano Banana or some other image generation tool. That's why this one has had so much spend and it's such a fantastic ad and I think our designer did an absolute cracking job cuz I kind of want to bite that pizza. This next ad is one that is currently the top in the ad account. It's scaling incredibly well and one of the main reasons is social proof. Social proof is at the heart of any good static and that is why this one that we made for protein.com works so well. We have the product which already is a very very vibrant product. incredibly vibrant product image as well. And then right at the top we have the social proof which is a kind of like fake looking comment. We grabbed one of the reviews off their website. We generated an image of a lady within the demographic and then we put it in this kind of frame that makes it look like a comment. Absolutely love these shakes. The weight is dropping off. You cannot get a better like case study of your product than that. And the best part is it's running in Q1, which is where everybody wants to lose weight. So, of course, this is going to work. But the main reason it does work is because of the social proof. It's right at the top. People see this and that helps justify the purchase. If it's worked for JS, then maybe it'll work for me. Super simple. It's a product image. It's a comment and it's shop pineapple coconut flavor. That's it. If someone was on the fence of purchasing, then they're going to purchase after they've seen that. And the results prove it. This is an ad that you could easily mock up in Canva in like 10 minutes. And that is the absolute beauty of static ads is that you can churn out so many of them in a day that you can be testing them all by the evening. Now, this static ad I call the headliner because the main focus on this is the headline. Life's changing. So did our gummies. Menopause support just got easier and tastier. We love a nice bit of copy at Fraggle. We love writing static ad copy because you can just have so much fun with it. And ads like this where we're basically pairing a massive headline with a nice bit of imagery is a great place to start with a static ad. This one ran a couple of years ago and I vividly remember it being one of the winners that we made for them. And I think this was a comped together image. Our designer took the bottle, they put that on a plinth, they put the hands coming in. It's a completely custommade image. Again, something like this now can be made in, you know, nano banana very quickly. Uh, but this was made completely by hand, believe it or not. But the idea is that your image supports the headline. Menopause support just got easier and tastier. The hands coming in show it's in demand. The flying gummies in the background, the color all kind of shows this like real yummy type of product, which is really difficult to do in an image. But I think again with the color like we mentioned before and the simple design, it makes the product look tasty. These are normally the type of ads that sit in like the middle to the bottom of the funnel and they just remind people that you're still there and that you still exist. They might be a big fan of this product. They might have forgotten to reby it. And so this is the type of ad that reminds them of that. Now this next ad is one that can be used for so many different niches and it is the collage ad. We all know what a collage is. We used to make them in our class all the time. You cut a lot of things together and you stick them in one image. And that is exactly what we've done here. We've divided the image up into a grid of four. In one, we have the product image. Mental cloud and unhealthy stress levels is the like headline we're going with. And then we have some key call outs of why the product is so great. Higher serotonin levels, reduce stress, better concentration. We have the product name. And then we have the order yours neutraburstvitamins.com. And then finally, we have an image just to kind of fill the space. You could perhaps put like a UGC image there as well for a bit of social proof. But the main thing here that we're doing is we're stopping the scroll by showing multiple things at once. A lot of the times static ads, as we've seen from the other examples, are normally one image, a headline, or you know, some kind of vary of that. And so by showing four different setups on the same screen will stop the scroll because people don't see it that often. Honestly, hooking people can be that easy sometimes. But again, let's look at the color of this. It's all themed around green because the packaging is green. The guy has a green top on with different shades of green in each of the squares. We're tying it all together so it looks like a cohesive designed piece of content. Your ads don't always need to follow the same format. Sometimes you can just make them look a little bit different. In fact, one of our clients, Sunday Swagger, does an incredible job at this ad format. They literally just show four images of different products that they have in the same static and those things rip. Now, we've got one more left. If you've made it this far into the video, please think about subscribing and hitting the like button. It would be incredible and means so much to me. Now, this next one is probably one of my favorite statics and honestly, right now wins time and time and time again. So, this is like the Instagram organic ad. We all recognize that font styling. It's from Instagram stories. And so what we do is we take a photo of the target customer holding the product just like they're taking a photo for their Instagram stories. And we then pair that with some copy. And the copy is divided up just like how Instagram does. And the whole idea of this is that it fades perfectly into the feed. People are scrolling through their stories at such a rate they don't realize what content is from who. And so they see this, they read it, and then they click without even realizing it's an ad. We've made these for so many of our brands. In fact, it's one of my go-to ad formats right now. You can even take this to a whole other level and you can whitelist or partnership this ad as well. That makes it feel even more organic. But the trick is here. If you have a product and you're targeting it at women, get a woman to hold the product in the image. It's the little things. But when a woman would see a hand that looks like their hand holding the product, they think it's for them. If they saw my hairy, horrible nailbiten fingers there, they'd probably swipe away. The real takeaway here is that the ads that actually held spend are the ones that had performance in mind when they were designed. We're not just going into Canva or into Figma and just putting a load of images together and calling it a day. We're planning this stuff out with scrolling through foreplay to find different examples. We're having a look at what the competitors are doing. We're having a look on Pinterest for great design and then we're pulling all that together to make a winning ad. And that is exactly what we do for all of our clients at Fraggle. We help brands profitably scale on meta with performance ad creative. And if you happen to be spending over 70,000 a month on paid ads and you want us to do just that for you, then you can scan the QR code on the screen if you want or you can click the button or the link down below to book a call. And if you want to see how I turn that example into a full system, then you can watch my other video which is exactly that. So you can learn how to build creative systems that actually scale. And until next time, thanks very much for watching. Like the video, subscribe, and I'll see you next time. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RomaizaFatima [6 likes]: my only complaint with your channel is that you only upload once a week lol. i wait for your videos , pure gold
  2. @karingibbs3201 [1 likes]: This video was so helpful!
  3. @dr.24X [1 likes]: 🎉❤
  4. @lemonroti1991: Introduction to Static Ads: Fraser explains the importance of designing ads with performance in mind rather than just aesthetics (0:00 - 0:30).

Recognizable Product Ads: Using core SKUs and color psychology to stop the scroll (0:30 - 2:33).

The Cartoon/AI Format: Utilizing AI-generated "headline images" (like mascots) to capture attention (2:33 - 4:52).

Social Proof-Led Ads: Incorporating customer reviews directly into the ad design (4:52 - 6:18).

The "Headliner" Format: Focusing on a massive, punchy headline supported by simple, effective imagery (6:18 - 7:44).

Collage Ad Format: Dividing the screen into a grid to showcase multiple value propositions simultaneously (7:44 - 9:28).

Instagram/Organic Feed Style: Designing ads that mimic organic stories to blend into the feed seamlessly (9:28 - 10:41).

Planning and Creative Systems: Final insights on using research tools like Foreplay and competitor analysis to scale ads effectively (10:41 - 11:47).
  5. @SamOkaforNotes: Really love this add format
  6. @EmilySwift-d6m: cool
  7. @Karthikeyan-o3i4y: Thanks
  8. @KatharinaTippmann: I see a lot of Creative Ads for E-Commerce and how to scale it. How would you go for Ad Creatives for a fighting club with local target group in a small city with 17k  residents?
  9. @bahadr8762: Thanks a lot for the video, very helpful.
  10. @samehokiel: Good
  11. @AcesizOfficial: 🔥
  12. @jatin3711: Hi fraser, do you have static or carousel ad examples for ebook/info products?
  13. @eokw3970: How has "the black stuff" static shown at 0:09 have "over 5 figures in the last 14 days" when you used it as an example 8 months ago?
  14. @iusmanmirza: Would definitely going to try these design.
  15. @Presraps: That last one is amazing, definitely going to steal that idea! THANK YOU!
  16. @Balforth: Fraser, could you make a video for the less talked about thing in creative strategy? Which is the process -- show your outputs maybe make a sample creative?

Start at research, creating the brief for the graphic artists, and logging/recording that brief somewhere so you can review your winning ads down the line? Are there particular tools you use for this sort of pipeline?
  17. @Сергій-м4я2ь: I like content
  18. @АлекСашка-ч2ы: Very interesting content
  19. @Keti-i7t: Testing 500 ads is insane dedication tbh 😂 I used to think scaling meant grinding ads nonstop too, I burned so much money trying to “find the winner”, literally watched my savings disappear testing creatives that flopped. I was deep in that cycle, tweaking headlines at 2am, thinking the next ad would save me. It never did. What finally changed was when someone in a mastermind mentioned Viral Wave Mastery by Victor Hale and how it focuses on building assets first instead of gambling on ads. I stopped relying on paid traffic and built my own digital product using that blueprint, first month did 8k without spending on ads which blew my mind, now I’m around 18k–27k months and scaling feels calm not chaotic. Leaving this here for anyone tired of burning cash.
  20. @kevkhishviligiorgi: gem

- Top 5 Facebook Static Ads To Run In 2025 [Steal these]: Kind: captions Language: en these are the five best static ad templates for Facebook ads now if you run Facebook ads you know static ads should be a big part of your creative media mix and static ads are just a very effective and also coste efficient way to test marketing messaging because compared to video ads static ads are super easy to produce it will take you somewhere between 10 to 30 minutes to make a simple static ad and from there you can make infinite variations of that static ad change the visuals change the headline change the benefits and in this video I just want to talk about the five best static ad concept that you should run in your ad account right now but before we get started I wanted to show you a very effective way to make static ads because with creative donut canva and figma templates we've collected 50 of the best static ads in the game right now from seven to nine figer brands that you can use for your brand right now and they're fully customizable they are super easy to use and within like 10 minutes you can create a static ad inside these templates and if you get them you get instant access in both canva and figma so you can start making ads right away so head on to their first link in the description down below and check the templates out for yourself and I've also included like a 10% discount code in addition towards the 30% we're already offering on the 50 templates so let's start and take a look at the the five best static ad concepts for Facebook ads right now so right here I'm in my H dashboard and I've selected five ads and I'm getting started with the first one from Magic spoon cereal right here and it's the classic news article style ads right here I like magic spoon enough to place a second order and then a third and it's from a magazine called wire cutter I'm not sure if that's a real magazine um ultimately I don't know but if you don't have a magazine feature it's very easy to just make one we recently made one for one of our Brands and we just called it top protein snacks and we just made a Facebook page and started running ads through that and of course you can then make article style ads with that name as well and it's super powerful because your ads will seem like a lot more like social proof back and it's very powerful obviously right here magic spoon does really well um they are reneg get from their magic spoon serial page but ultimately it's still super powerful and ultimately it just goes to their normal landing page which obviously great but in the end this is a solid ad and there are multiple variations that you can try just go on Atria and search news article or just do some research into some of these Brands and you can see like countless of templates that you can replicate so um let's get started with the second one which is from space goods and I really like um more of the creative diversity um with this ad so normally you would see like a very pretty package ad with like a render and some benefits and a main headline but this is very like um straight up ugc like image and that image is very powerful of course because it seems more organic and it's something totally else right here they call out one main problem which ADHD and try adding rainbow bust into your morning routine which obviously something completely different than these polished like beautiful looking ads and it's something else and definitely you should try it as well take some of your customer photos that they took and from there basically just add some text on it and Target your main main problem with that ad cool so let's get started with the next one right here you can see this great ad from OB the end I like the Simplicity of this ad left side problems right side solution and then they list out the three main problems people face that are using their product ultimately this must be researched back because you want to make sure in that left side of the image you are listing out the main main problems people face before trying your product you can do so by customer research going through your customer reviews a post-purchase survey um searching your competitors and there are so many ways to narrow that down to the three main reasons people will buy our product for obvious PCOS belly hormone imbalances and low energy those are the main problems their product solves and it's ultimately a very strong ad and right here you can see it's just running for 18 days ultimately it might just have been launched um but I assume this will be a very very good ad so next one um from Emy and this is a very straightforward comparison ad and this is a very very proven template right here they compare themelves to a cop salad and it just focus on the calories which a very strong angle of course and a comparison ad is something that's a classic and it's very powerful in more of a middle of funnel stage where people are already aware of your product and they just start comparing it towards different other options and right here this is a very strong angle because people think a salad is healthy and then they think a Ramen it's usually very unhealthy and has like a lot of calories but imy Ramen actually has low calories it's 300 calories which something they wouldn't expect so this ad could be really really effective so last one the one from Ai and actually a little secet we made this one for AI and right here you can see PC belly be gone and they rest strike out the beone because that's ultimately what people don't want and we want to like emphasize that a bit more and also the Superman cape is really powerful so just to make your product look like the superhero that's going to solve their problems their problems lose weight curb appetite and burn calories and of course a money back guarantee in there to add some risk reversal in the static ad and ultimately it just stands out and it's a very very strong ad headline and benefit pointers as well ultimately a no-brainer to have in your ad account so that's it for this video I hope you found this video valuable and if you liked it and you found value of it share it with a friend like down below and subscribe to the Channel with more content like this

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheNFLShowdown [3 likes]: how do you get around Facebook's non stop account bans?
  2. @eleonoradiba: i didn’t found the donoutcreative website,

- What are Interstitial Ads? | Best Practices, Tips and Benefits: Kind: captions Language: en interstitial ads are more common in mobile and app environments however recently this ad format is also used for desktops in this video we'll explain what interstitial ads are their benefits best practices for using them and their ad revenue potential for publishers what are interstitial ads interstitial ads are noticeable ad formats that cover the interface of the site these ads either fill the screen on a mobile device or float over a webpage on a desktop they appear when a user completes an action for example clicks on another article most importantly interstitials have a built-in frequency cap of one interstitial ad per user in an hour which is what differentiates them from pop-up ads another example of when an interstitial ad can appear is between game levels in a mobile app users can easily close the app and continue playing the game there are three types of interstitial ads text ads image and rich media ads or video ads why should publishers use interstitials first add diversity by integrating interstitial ads publishers can increase their overall website's ad diversity and minimize banner blindness second more ad revenue these ads have higher cpms and ctrs than standard banner ads which increases publishers overall ad revenue third better ad engagement thanks to their large size interactiveness and animated content they are ideal for creating an engaging ad experience for users fourth high demand interstitial ads are one of the most popular ad formats in programmatic advertising with demand from all major ad platforms like xander google dv 360 and admob 5 best practices for interstitial ads first respect the user experience if you display interstitial ads don't overcrowd your website with too many other ad formats second make sure interstitials have a close button from the start the close button should appear immediately or after five seconds for video interstitials third avoid working with multiple google accounts because there is a possibility that interstitials will be displayed more than allowed fourth avoid custom templates you shouldn't change the frequency cap set by google fifth when implementing interstitial ads consider the natural flow of user engagement interstitial ads shouldn't obstruct your mobile site or app usage how much can publishers earn with interstitial ads interstitial ads have one of the highest cpm prices compared to other ad formats like banner ads for example last year mobile interstitial ads in the us generated the highest ecpm rates 9.64 cents on ios and 10.11 on android setup ad provides interstitial ad formats along with many others we suggest using interstitial ads for your mobile site and website because they enable high value impression delivery and help to increase your ad revenue follow the tips mentioned in this video and you'll achieve the best results with this ad format

  Top Comments:
  1. @esmudana [4 likes]: Great explanation, will have to test this format on my website!

- Digital Marketing Metrics & KPI's Explained (With Examples): Kind: captions Language: en let's be honest listening to a digital marketer talk about metrics and kpis can be a bit like listening to somebody talking a completely foreign language do you speak any english but in this video i'm going to be telling you the core digital marketing metrics that you need to know about to really help your business thrive and most importantly what you can start doing with those metrics to improving the results you are getting from your digital marketing campaigns so let's get straight into it so the first thing to know about metrics is that it's going to vary depending on the type of business you're in for example whether you're in an e-commerce business or whether you have a lead generation business where your goal is to generate leads and the conversion then happens offline over the phone through invoicing or whatever it is the metrics that you're tracking are also going to vary depending on your business goals and objectives and what i'm going to be going through today is by no means going to be an exhaustive list this is really just designed to give you an understanding of some of the core metrics that you need to be tracking that are really going to help you have an impact on your digital marketing efforts so i'm going to break these down into three core categories the first one we're going to be talking about and probably the most important of all of these are your business performance metrics the second one is going to be your website metrics and then third will come onto platforms used by social media channels ad platforms and search consoles so let's start with the two business performance metrics that are absolutely critical to any business owner running a digital marketing campaign whether you're an e-commerce or have a lead generation business those two metrics are your cpa and your ltv cpa stands for your cost per acquisition in a nutshell this is how much on average you have to spend to acquire a new customer so let's say you've spent 2 000 pounds on marketing so far and you've generated tons and tons of leads but you've only had one of those leads turn into a sale that means your cost per acquisition would be two thousand pounds but if you're an e-commerce store on the other hand and you're selling products online let's say you'd spent 500 pounds on advertising and you've had thousands of clicks to your website but again only one person has bought that would again mean that your cost per acquisition is 500 pounds now you may be thinking that they seem like really high cost per acquisitions to have however the cost per acquisition should be directly proportionate to your ltv which is your lifetime customer value in a nutshell this is an average of the total amount of money that a typical or average customer would spend with you over the lifetime of them doing business with you if you're a brand new business or startup it might be difficult for you to know exactly what your lifetime value is going to be but your business model will obviously have an impact on that for example if you're selling a product which is literally a one-off purchase and people aren't likely to ever need to buy from you again your lifetime value is likely just going to be the cost of your product or service if on the other hand you're selling let's say a subscription service then maybe you'll want to look at the typical churn rates or typical lifespans of a customer in your industry to get a rough estimation of how long customers typically stay in your industry and then work out your monthly fee times the average duration that a customer stays so let's say you had a subscription of 10 pounds a month and you found that for businesses in your industry the average lifespan of a customer is 12 months that would make your average lifetime customer value or your expected customer value in this case around 120 pounds now obviously if you find that your cost per acquisition exceeds your average lifetime customer value well you're in trouble and this is why these two metrics are so important because these are the main things that are going to help your business grow and the metrics that you need to be absolutely obsessing over to grow your business profitably so there's really two questions you should be asking yourself constantly as a business owner or as a marketer for a business the first question is how do we increase our lifetime customer value in other words how do we get our customers to either buy from us more often or in higher amount the second question you want to be asking yourself is how do we improve our marketing performance so that we are spending less to acquire each customer however just a caveat here if you are confident about the lifetime customer value and you know that a lot of the customers that buy from you as a one-off will turn into repeat buyers you may even be able to afford to acquire customers at a loss because you know that you make your profits on the back end however this can be an incredibly risky tactic if you don't already have a proven business model and you don't know what percentages of your buyers are actually turning into repeat buyers okay so the next thing we need to look at is your website metrics because if you have any sort of online presence or your business is operating in the digital age your website is going to be the hub of where those leads or purchases come from and really the easiest way to do this is just to break these metrics down in the different stages of the buyer journey or even the marketing funnel so the first thing we want to think about is awareness so how are people finding us and how many people are actually finding us the easiest metric to track of this is your website traffic now if you're using a tool like google analytics and if you're not then i highly recommend you get that set up the two main traffic related metrics you're going to see in analytics primarily are your sessions and also your unique visitors so just to differentiate what these two mean your sessions are ultimately the total amount of times a new session has started on your website now by default sessions do reset after somebody's been on your website for a certain amount of time so multiple sessions could even come from one individual your unique visitors on the other hand gives you a much better idea as to how many individuals have been on your website so this is a good metric to track in terms of how effective you are at actually generating that awareness and bringing visitors and potential customers to your website the next things that you'll want to start tracking here are things like your bounce rate your average session duration because this will give you a good indication of how engaged potential customers or visitors to your website are with the content that is on your website your bounce rate is effectively showing you what percentage of visitors are leaving your website without taking any further action this can be clicking a button to go onto another page filling out a contact form if they haven't taken any interactions on your website that is going to class as a bounce so if you have a very very high bounce rate this is an indication that the people coming to your website just aren't resonating with the content on it maybe they're not seeing what they want to see on there or maybe your website is just boring them that's worth noting here for things like session duration or time on page google analytics can only record the session duration of the previously viewed page on your website so if somebody hasn't actually viewed more than one page on your website google won't be able to tell you the session duration of those visits now there are a number of other visitor analytics and behavior tools that you can use things like hot jar and lucky orange that will give you much deeper insights into how users are actually interacting with your website but that's outside of the scope of this video now finally one of the most important metrics on your website to track is going to be your conversion rate and it's important to note with conversion rate this can be broken down by the different goals or even conversion paths that somebody can take to get in touch with you so the best way to think about this is let's say for example you're selling a software product and you have a contact form on your website but then you also have a form where people can sign up and book a demo they would be two different conversion goals that you would want to track and in terms of how valuable they are to you as a business that's something that you'll need to figure out internally maybe it's that people booking a demo they're probably showing a higher level of intent than somebody contacting you but that's really for you to work out and explore as a business the most important thing here is that you are setting up the different conversion goals and different paths that people can take to actually sign up as a potential lead for your business if on the other hand you're selling online and you're an e-commerce business then you simply need to enable e-commerce tracking in your google analytics account and that will then allow you to track your conversions as the people who have bought something on your website i'm going to link to some resources in the descriptions below this video that'll walk you through how to configure your google analytics account how to set up ecommerce tracking and how to set up conversion goals as well now the final thing we need to talk about here are things like your ad metrics your social media metrics and that kind of thing now there are absolutely tons of different metrics available on these platforms but i'm going to give you and go through the most common ones that you'll hear talked about and what impact they actually have on your marketing so one of the first ones you may have seen or heard about is impressions this is effectively the total amount of people who have seen a post on social media who have seen an organic listing in search engines or who have seen your ad on one of the ad platforms however this impression count will also go up even if the same person sees your ad more than one so this is literally the total amount of times your listing your ad your post has been seen regardless of whether or not it's by the same person reach on the other hand is showing you how many individuals have seen that postal listing now another metric you'll see a lot is your ctr this is your click-through rate and in a nutshell this is showing you out of the people who have seen your ad what percentage of them have actually clicked on it now ctr can be a good indication as to how effective your ad or your post is to the particular audience that you are showing it to it's also worth bearing in mind with ctr if you're running ads on social media or you're doing social or you're monitoring the analytics of your social media posts your ctr and click-through rate can include clicks through to your profile or even clicks into things like the comment section of a particular post or ad so one thing you can do on a lot of these platforms is explore some custom metrics and you can make sure that you have the ctr for link clicks only what this means is that it will show you what's the click-through rate for people actually clicking through to the link in your post or your ad another metric that can be important especially if you're running paid ads is the frequency what frequency means is how often are people seeing your ads this can become especially important when you're running things on um social media platforms or if you're running youtube ads for example because it will give you an indication of you know how many times is one person seeing your ad so if you see an average frequency of 15 that means on average people are seeing your ad in their feed 15 times now there's not necessarily any right or wrong answer to what the frequency should be and this is really going to vary depending on the type of business you're in for example if you're selling in the b2b space and you have a quite long buying cycle you may want that frequency to actually be higher because there may be more consideration involved in that purchase but it's also worth bearing in mind that if they're seeing the same ad over and over again you may end up annoying people and actually having the opposite effect so if anything it's good to refresh your creatives refresh your ads that you're running to make sure that this frequency is kept relatively low now one of the most common metrics you'll hear about when it comes to running paid advertising is your cpc your cpc stands for your cost per click i actually did another video on this recently that breaks this down in much more detail so i'm going to link to it in the video somewhere up here but in a nutshell this is just giving you an indication of how much you're spending to get a click it's also worth noting that much like your ctr if you're running ads on any social platforms your cost per click will also be broken down by overall clicks and then you'll have a separate cost per click for link clicks and i would say that if you're running ads to your website you really want to be looking at your cost per click per link clicks because that's going to give you an indication of how much is it costing you to actually get someone to click through to your website now one of the most important things to remember one of the biggest mistakes that i see people making when it comes to looking at their metrics is that none of these metrics should be viewed in isolation what i mean by that is you shouldn't go on a on a mad mission to try and reduce your cost per click forgetting about all of your other metrics because what you'll find in some campaigns is that sometimes the campaigns of the higher cost per clicks can actually have a much lower cost per acquisition whereas campaigns with a low cost per click can have a much higher cost per acquisition because remember just because you brought somebody through to your website that doesn't mean you've bought the right person through it can be very easy to get clicks from the wrong people but getting clicks from the right people is a whole other ballgame so you need to look at these metrics and be measuring these metrics in a holistic approach and then trying to paint a picture of where your digital marketing efforts are lacking and on that note it's also a very good way of getting signs as to what may be broken or where the bottlenecks may be in your digital marketing funnel or with your business for example if you have an amazing click-through rate and you're getting loads of clicks through to your website for a very low cost per click but then you have very very low conversions and nobody is signing up or buying this will generally mean one of two things either your ad itself or the targeting was way too vague and way too broad and you're just getting the wrong people clicking or people just clicking out of curiosity because they don't really understand what your ad is about so the people coming through to your website we're never going to be people that buy from you or if your ad is very specific and you've got the right audience coming through then what it probably indicates if you're not getting conversions is that your landing page simply isn't optimized for conversions i'm going to link to a blog below this video that gives you 16 ways to significantly increase your website conversion rate and turn more of those clicks into paying customers it might also be that the offer that you have on your website whether that be an offer to book a demo whether that be an offer of a product whether it be an offer to book a call with you or to sign up for something the offer just isn't positioned in a way that's compelling enough for you to stand out from the noise so if that's the case i'm also going to be linking to a video again i'll link it up here somewhere i'll put it down in the comments which will go through how to create a truly irresistible offer for your business but again bear in mind this is only going to work if you first bring the right traffic and the right visitors through to your website so there you have it guys i really hope that videos helped and if you want more training like this on digital marketing to really skyrocket the results in your business be sure to subscribe to the channel i've got another video coming up next which will dive into your cost per click and how you can start reducing that and affecting those metrics i'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @SelekeduAbiodun [18 likes]: Checking those website metrics at 4:47 made me realize how much time I could save by automating reports like with reportZ.
  2. @ElevateDigital [6 likes]: If you haven't already be sure to subscribe and also book your FREE website & marketing review @ https://elevate-digital-solutions.com/digital-review - You'll get a free 15 minute video showing you how to increase your website traffic, leads and sales - we've even heard back from people who've experienced more than a 3x increase in conversions after implementing the suggestions, so don't miss out!
  3. @Scoop-Analytics [2 likes]: Clear reminder that metrics only matter when you connect them to real business outcomes.
  4. @ennochkak8510 [1 likes]: really insightful video, thank you!
  5. @fewwwww012 [1 likes]: *Business model KPI
CPA(Cost Per Acquisition); cost for 1 purchase
LTV(Lifetime Customer Value)

*Website Metric
Traffic (session, unique visitor)
Bounce Rate 
Average Session Duration
Conversion Rate(signup/membership/purchase)

*Ad metric
Impressions (total amount of people seeing ads)
Reach (how many individuals seen ads)
CTR(Click through Rate); how many people clicked after seeing ads
Frequency(how often people are seeing ads)
CPC(Cost per Click); how much spending per click
  6. @KaloyanStanchev-t1y [1 likes]: KPIs explained clearly. Shared this with my team
  7. @YavorYordanov-k6e [1 likes]: Now I know what to track—awesome explanations.
  8. @CharaPetross: This video gave me a much clearer understanding of how to use KPIs to connect marketing efforts to tangible business outcomes, thanks for the practical explanations!
  9. @Ihaveausernametoo: Excellent video, but so, so many AI comments on several videos like these.
  10. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t: Excellent breakdown of KPIs and the real-world examples were incredibly helpful! I especially appreciate how you connected the metrics to overall business goals. This will be a great resource for optimizing our upcoming campaigns.
  11. @VáclavHorák-w3w7u: Perfect timing – just what I was searching for.
  12. @PatriciaRuiz-b5m: These real-world examples were incredibly valuable! Seeing how these KPIs translate to tangible outcomes has given me a much clearer understanding. I'm eager to implement these strategies and track our progress.
  13. @AmyRoberts-l9l: The real-world examples were fantastic! I especially appreciate how you explained connecting KPIs to overall business goals. This video is a great resource for anyone wanting to move beyond just tracking metrics and actually driving results.
  14. @TonyaBrown-u1o: Those real-world examples really brought clarity to the often-confusing world of digital marketing metrics! This video is a great resource for anyone looking to understand and implement KPIs effectively. I'm definitely sharing this with my team.
  15. @LauraAcosta-z9t: The real-world examples were excellent, and I especially appreciated the clear explanations; it's inspired me to re-evaluate our current KPI strategy. Thanks for providing such a practical and actionable resource!
  16. @Ashly-l4o2c: Those real-world examples really clarified how to translate abstract KPIs into actionable strategies. Now I feel much more confident in selecting the right metrics to track and improve our marketing ROI. Thanks for the practical advice!
  17. @rava-x8b: The real-world examples are fantastic for illustrating how to apply these KPIs. This video provided a solid foundation, and I'm excited to start implementing these strategies!
  18. @kaemon-b1v: The real-world examples were excellent in showing how to apply these KPIs. It would be great to have templates or resources for tracking and visualizing these metrics in different industries.
  19. @KPDHAnimationStudio: This video sounds like a goldmine for anyone diving into the world of digital marketing! Understanding metrics and KPIs is crucial for measuring success and optimizing strategies. I'm curious to see which examples they provide and how comprehensive the explanations are. It's always fascinating to see how data can drive decision-making in marketing. Looking forward to any tips on improving campaign performance!
  20. @inceborja: This video was a game-changer! The real-world examples really helped me understand how to apply these KPIs to our specific marketing goals. Definitely sharing this with my team!

- Why Do People Hate Mobile Ads?  And How to Solve This?: Kind: captions Language: en as many of you i hope are looking to learn more about digital advertising and has mobile is the fastest growing advertising medium today i have one simple goal for you which is i want to share my experience with you about how to think creatively and create ads that excite audiences on mobile so let's jump right in do any of you love banner ads on your mobile i presume the answer is a big fat no right you probably hate mobile ads let's think a little bit deeper into why users hate mobile banner ads and some of this comes from a lot of research that we've done as well as existing secondary research available online uh as i was saying there are banner ads today are played with multiple problems and i've highlighted only the top five on the right side right which is uh viewability is very poor what viewability means is often ads are coming in the second scroll of the third scroll when you will be surfing a website which uh and consumer may completely miss because he or she not scroll down so viewability is very poor and advertisers may end up paying for that if they are paying for every impression right on average viewability is under 27 27 today another big problem uh plaguing mobile ad industry is bots and fraud a lot of publishers commit fraud to artificially generate their income so if any publishers are earning revenue from ads that require person to click for the publisher to earn a publisher has some incentive to create bots and commit fraud to earn higher revenue and this results in a massive loss for an advertiser third some statistics say that banner blindness is at 86 percent now what is banner blindness now all of us know what your typical ad slots are on our phone right so as as you start surfing your favorite sites you will see there is a sticky at the bottom typically known as a 320 by 50 ad you will see a square ad in the middle of the page with 35 250. users over time have learned how to ignore these ads and move on hence this phenomena is called as banner blindness most users skip because it's an ad they just skip and move on the fourth large problem is accidental clicks often fat fingers result in unintended takes you could be surfing and reading any content and while you scroll you might be accidentally clicking on these ads which is again resulting in a loss for advertisers fifth uh and a very very large emerging problem is storytelling is largely horrible on these standard banner ads on mobile today which is uh i would even go to the extent and say that it's almost non-existent what most marketers end up doing is they take their desktop ads repurpose it slap it on mobile and hope that it will work and get them the results that they desire but in reality that doesn't happen because users are ignoring those ads for the various reasons i listed about and there isn't any storytelling happening all marketers are trying to do is aggressively sell instead of telling a great story right so logically the next question that may come to your mind is how do you solve these problems right now you have to do two things to solve these problems first you have to explore new mobile friendly ad formats which is if you carefully notice another three examples uh that you see on your screen now are standard banner ad formats starting with the first one on the left which is the sidekick uh this is a format from a company called cargo in the us uh this is not your typical square or a rectangular right it's something unique it's something different this is going to partially solve your problem of banner blindness and viewability second is uh interscroller from perts.com or even uh celtra promotes this format if you notice something that's unique about this format is the ad here is embedded at the back of the page right it's not occupying content in the middle of the page like a standard 300 rupee square ad would do so as you scroll you can keep counting on to an extent making it less intrusive and appealing to the eye again given that it's a more evolved and a newer emerging format users are less likely to be banner blind towards this the third one on the right which is the scroll reactor uh this if you carefully notice reacts on the basis of how much you scroll so if you specifically focus your attention on the round the little glass on the side on the right side you see as i scroll up the glass starts shattering and when i scroll down uh it comes back it it reverts to its original state right hopefully this movement is grabbing a user's attention it's an end-to-end ad stretching through the entire width of uh the screen available right so this is one step you can take and something that i have tried in my past that has worked well to solve some of the problems that we faced right now besides using mobile friendly ad formats the second thing that you can do to solve the problems associated with poor storytelling in banner ads which is to harness the power of phone features and sensors now the video that i'm about to play was created by burger king in 2019 it is it uses the phone's camera to create magic now while this [Music] while this experience was triggered from the app today's technology allows this to be done from an ad right now if anyone who launches the burger king app in brazil and points their smartphone at any of their competitors ads you start enjoying the site of that of that burning instantly in augmented reality right and that ultimately turns into a burger king egg now when the flames burn away the consumer is left with a screen that tells them that they've received a free burger king uh so very very engaging very very interactive utilizes the phone's camera to get people to engage with the app now think of an alternate scenario what could uh burger king have done traditionally if it wasn't for utilizing the phone's camera as a sensor they would have probably gone to the right agency and said hey guys i want to do something uh to promote my whopper burger uh can you guys create an ad for me and the agency would typically say hey listen we have these ads running on tv we have these ads we're putting on the newspaper billboard this is running on the desktop here the desktop ad is doing well let me repurpose it put it on the mobile and that should do and what would you expect in that standard banner i don't know why maybe a video maybe some product benefits maybe some pricing but largely some static ad or a browser but unlikely it would have been something that is as interactive and something that gets users to engage with the ad right so this is how this is an example of how you can uh use the phone's sensor to make your ad more creative

  Top Comments:
  1. @akashgogri4763 [2 likes]: This is very informative and loved the burger King example.
  2. @DroidRaxx [2 likes]: Great video :) Loved it

- Content consumption and engagement has shifted to digital video | YouTube at AdvertisingWeekNY: Kind: captions Language: en TARA WALPERT LEVY: All right. So now, you and I get to talk about one of my favorite, well, at least most frequent topics these days, which is the TV streaming boom. LIZA KOSHY: Ooh. OK, I love that we are just talking about shopping and TV. TARA WALPERT LEVY: So you said earlier that you thought TV had changed, and it had changed how you watch video. What did you mean by that? LIZA KOSHY: Well, by TV, I assume you mean all the streaming apps that I subscribe to? However you define it. LIZA KOSHY: That's how I define it. For me, it's something on the big screen that I choose to watch. That's TV. My go-tos are Netflix, Prime Video, and, of course, YouTube. I told you I'm a suck-up. But, yes, that's true. I appreciate that. LIZA KOSHY: The big three for me. TARA WALPERT LEVY: Interesting. And so that's such a funny thing, right, because you said all the streaming apps, right. And it's true that there's a lot to keep track of. LIZA KOSHY: So many. TARA WALPERT LEVY: But then you named three. And that's what we see across the board, which is that, interestingly, 75% of viewership is concentrated in the top five apps. LIZA KOSHY: Oh, wow. I have great taste, and so does everybody else. TARA WALPERT LEVY: We believe the world is going to continue to be pretty concentrated. And it's simply that the concentration will exist in platforms, where it used to exist in networks. LIZA KOSHY: So platforms become the new broadcasters, huh? Do you predict that-- I mean, essentially. LIZA KOSHY: Right. Do you predict that YouTube will be one of them? TARA WALPERT LEVY: I assume-- LIZA KOSHY: The witch laugh that came out. TARA WALPERT LEVY: I assume that's my chance to give a shameless plug. I appreciate that softball. LIZA KOSHY: Get it. TARA WALPERT LEVY: Thank you. LIZA KOSHY: You deserve it. You earned it. I'll try to offer you, I guess, something insightful, which is just to share that one in three hours of CTV that's consumed right now on a television is happening on YouTube. That's a lot, right? I mean, that's 40% of all ad-supported watch time. And the next platform, it's not close. So, yeah, I think YouTube's going to be a part of the foreseeable future. LIZA KOSHY: I set you up. I'm glad I threw that ball at you and you hit it right out of the park. With humility, right? LIZA KOSHY: Yeah. That's a crazy amount of time spent on YouTube and on TV screens. What are they watching when they're watching on the big screen? think, as you'd expect, they're watching more sort of leaned-back content. And they're watching more content together. So we see a lot of movies, a lot of music. And of course, the beauty of YouTube is that everybody's content is personalized for them. It's interesting, because the research totally backs this up. When you talk about how the definition of TV has changed, 70% of people, when you ask them what is good content, they just say something that's personal and relevant to me. LIZA KOSHY: Yeah, something that feels good to watch late at night, which is ASMR for me. And I'm disgusting. Ask your kids what ASMR is. But of course, that's only possible because of the amazing creators, not to be humble again, but who produce diverse, relevant, and exciting content every day. TARA WALPERT LEVY: Do you know that we recently announced that over 2 million creators now make their living on YouTube? LIZA KOSHY: Whoa. On behalf of all of them, as the speaker of all creators, thank you so much. Well, thank you. And we can't live without each other. LIZA KOSHY: This is true. It's a symbiotic relationship. TARA WALPERT LEVY: We are incredibly, incredibly grateful. And we showed that in the $30 billion that we paid out to creators over the last three years. It helps, right? In all seriousness, there is a virtuous flywheel where you guys create amazing content that viewers love to consume, and it helps everybody invest in what they're passionate about. LIZA KOSHY: So, Tara, I would love to get more of an inside scoop about how people engage with creators and content on the TV screen in particular. Is it any different from how they engage on those other devices? TARA WALPERT LEVY: You know, frankly, it's a really big mix. Because there's a lot of content that, as we were talking about earlier, people are sort of like leaning back sitting and watching, especially with other people. But frankly, there's also things that people are leaning in for, because they're searching for something that they need in that moment. LIZA KOSHY: OK. Speaking of need, I need to get in my flow today. So let me just-- OK. So this is Yoga With Adriene. She's a Texan-based yogi. As a Texan-based yogi myself, I adore her. ADRIENE MISHLER: Inhale. Reach for the sky, and exhale. Wiggle the fingertips and rain it all the way down to forward fold. Inhale, halfway lift. [? Find ?] length in the spine. Soft knees. And exhale slow and steady here to fold. TARA WALPERT LEVY: So this is what we would call "lean forward" content. LIZA KOSHY: Tara, that was funny. Don't come for my job. So what does lean-back content look like? Is it this? TARA WALPERT LEVY: Actually, it's a little bit more like this. You see? LIZA KOSHY: Yup. I do. TARA WALPERT LEVY: This is why people spend 150% more time watching YouTube on TV than in other environments. SPEAKER 1: What? SPEAKER 2: There was an emergency evacuation. Life rafts have departed to-- LIZA KOSHY: I used to exclusively watch from my phone or computer on my own. But now that I watch on TV more and more, it's more of like a shared experience, just like the one we're having. TARA WALPERT LEVY: Absolutely, and we see that everywhere. 60% of YouTube CTV viewers watch with other people. People connect more deeply when they share content they love. And it's not like we wouldn't have done that before, this is just a much easier, more direct way to do this. [MUSIC PLAYING]

  Top Comments:
  1. @intanaliniyolandaintan7055 [1 likes]: 🙏🙏🇲🇨👈👌🙋😄👏👏👏👉💗💗😎👍
  2. @christinamariehicks1078 [1 likes]: Just keep storing you in my new phone ..lol..
  3. @sansink_vn9847 [1 likes]: Hello 👋
  4. @MariberFeliz: 0:20
  5. @christinamariehicks1078: Ghost here ..lol..saved everything ..
  6. @christinamariehicks1078: Best is your all trapped here ..
  7. @christinamariehicks1078: 533 million hackers ..lol..
  8. @christinamariehicks1078: Circle round you idiots ..
  9. @christinamariehicks1078: No password no more..
  10. @christinamariehicks1078: Intriguing fact showtime your playing joel phone ..to get to mine ..only way ..no tv..
  11. @christinamariehicks1078: Only connected joel not me ..

- How to CRUSH Facebook Ads with a Small Budget in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you think you need hundreds of thousands of dollars to succeed with Facebook ads, I've got good news for you. You absolutely can succeed with a small Facebook ads budget, and in this video, I'm going to show you how. So, let's start by quickly defining what a small Facebook ads budget actually is. So, I would classify a small Facebook ads budget as anything less than $3,000 per month, so $100 or so per day. And I totally get that for a lot of people watching that, they would be like, "That's a small Facebook ads budget. I can't spend that or anywhere near it." I totally get that. I understand. I started my business with no money. I couldn't have spent anywhere near that. I started working with clients that So, I know for a lot of people that would not seem small, but when you've had the experience that I've had running campaigns with as little as $100 a month right at the beginning, all the way up to clients that were spending multiple millions per month, $3,000 or less seems like a good line to draw and a good classification because there are things that need to change in terms of your strategy and how you're approaching things. Things that we're going to go through in this video if you are spending less than that. Within a small budget, I classify a tiny Facebook ads budget as $600 per month or less, so $20 or less per day, which is also where a lot of businesses start. I certainly started in the tiny budget category, upgraded to small budgets, and we've gone on to to much larger things since. But, the important thing to know is that you can succeed with a small or a tiny budget, but there are changes you need to make. You need to do things differently than what might be the default way of doing things and conventional strategy that you may well have seen. So, let's uh let's run through those now. Starting with the first point, which is don't helicopter parent your ad campaigns. So, a lot of you will already be familiar with this, but Meta ads, when you create a new campaign or a new ad set or make an adjustment to a campaign ad set, will go through the learning phase. Now, during the learning phase, Meta is going through really fast iterations of tests to try and get you the the result. So, if you set up your campaign for sales, for example, Meta's going to test who within your target audience should actually see your ads to get you the best results. And some of those tests might go really well, you get great results, and some of those tests might go really poorly, and you get terrible results. They're going to test what should ad impression frequency look like. Should we do lots of ad impressions to each individual user in a short time period, or should we space out those ad impressions? Which of the ads within your ad set should we put in front of people? Which placement options perform best? What time of day is the best to advertise? What the week is the best to advertise? So, all these variables that Meta's going to test to try and get you the best results possible, sales, leads, whatever it is you've optimized your campaign for. So, that's happening all the time. Meta's constantly testing, but they're testing much more aggressively during the learning phase, like I said, when you first launch your campaign, ad set, etc. So, your results during that time period are very volatile. You can have great results, poor results, they're all over the place. If you make a significant adjustment to a campaign, ad set, so for example, you create a new ad, you change some of the settings at the ad set level, potentially even change some of the settings at the campaign level, you will re-enter the learning phase. The learning phase lasts typically, let's say, 24 to 48 hours, but it is dependent on conversion volume. So, the more conversions you generate, the faster Meta is able to learn, because they have more data, and the shorter that learning phase will last, too. So, if you're working on a campaign that's generating thousands of sales a day, the learning phase can last hardly any time at all, because you really quickly have a lot of data. Meta's like, "Right, got it. Made the adjustments, new ads, understand it. We tested it. We worked out this is the way to go, and we're off." The smaller your budget, typically, the lower number of conversions you're going to generate, the longer it is going to take for you to exit the learning phase. So, if you are helicopter parenting your ad campaigns, you're constantly in there, constantly making tweaks and adjustments, you keep re-entering the learning phase, you're not allowing Meta time to optimize and get you the best performance possible. So, what I typically recommend advertisers do is try and set an optimization schedule. So, decide I'm going to adjust my campaigns no more than once every 7 days or 10 days. And you need to extend that time period because you are operating with a small budget and you are going to typically be generating lower conversion volumes. Now, you might set that schedule and realize that actually we could adjust more often this. We are getting good data within those time periods or you need to extend it and go the other way. That's going to depend on your business. Even within small budgets, if you're running an ad campaign that's designed to generate leads via a lead magnet, you're going to generate many, many more conversions than someone who's selling a high-ticket service well. So, again, you need to adjust the time frame accordingly. There is no one-size-fits-all when it comes time frame. One of the most common questions I get asked and I always say it's based on conversion volume is how often you should be making adjustments. It's not a we do it every 7 days across the board. Some campaigns generate thousands of conversions a day. Some campaigns generate six conversions a week. Well, the campaign that generates six conversions a week, it might take a month to know if a new ad is performing well, whereas the one that's generating thousands a day, it might take 3 hours. Like literally, I'm not over exaggerating that. That can absolutely be the case. So, you need to adjust the time frame according to conversion volume. One of the easiest ways if you're like, "Right, how do I know what's right for me?" is to use a statistical significance calculator. Free online tool, you enter in your numbers and the calculator will tell you, "Ad A is indeed outperforming Ad B with a 90% statistical significance, right?" And then you can go about making decisions. That doesn't mean that you can't do any work on your meta ad campaigns in between those gaps, 7 days, 10 days, 14 days, something like that, because you could be producing new ad creative ready to go. You could be analyzing the data, drawing conclusions, and thinking, "Right, okay, this ad had a really good hook rate versus this ad had a much better return on ad spend. Let's take this hook and put it" This sort of analysis I talk about in other videos of of how you go about improving performance. You can be doing that, but when it comes to actually physically making the changes, try and limit yourself. Don't constantly tinker. Okay, second point I want to talk about is to really really get specific about your ideal customers and create ads that are only designed for them, both from an ad copy messaging standpoint, but also in the creative. If you've got a small budget, you don't want to be an also-ran against businesses that have much larger budgets and are going for much larger market share. The way you compete with those bigger businesses that have much larger budgets is you say, "We're not going to touch 99% of this market that technically could buy our product or service. Instead, we're going to be hyper-specific for this 1% or sometimes even less that we can tailor everything towards and we can serve them better than the bigger company that is trying to sell cross-market because we can tailor our offering, but also we can market to them in a way that really resonates with those people. It's a much better way to stand out, to niche down, and to to approach things that way. A lot of smaller businesses, which are typically the ones operating with smaller budgets, they're nervous to do that because they feel like they're missing out on potential sales, but that's poor thinking. Much better to think about it the other way. You are much more likely to stand out in comparison to the competition, which have significant advantages. They're spending a lot more than you. They probably have more brand recognition. A lot more of the market may have bought from them previously, so you have loads of things to overcome. They probably have larger budgets for content creation and ad creative and production. They might be working with influencers. Like, you are up against it against those bigger businesses. How can you win in that scenario? By being more specific. It's why they say there's riches in niches, right? So, how do you go about doing this? So, if you have a customer base already, you've been running ads or you generate customers from other ways, then you can do analysis on those customers and work out which customers are worth the most to you, which either buy again the most or stick around if you're on some sort of recurring or subscription model, which stick around longest. Those will typically often be the ones that give you the less headaches as well. There might be customers that you can make money from, but oh, they're just a nightmare. We don't want to work with them. And go through those and and be like, "Right, you know what? Out of this entire market, we've worked out that this subsection is the best. Those are the people we've worked with. Let's re-engineer our marketing messaging. It's just all about them. Talk about the things they care about, talk about the problems they have specifically, which might differ from the rest of the market, and then really narrow it in." One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations, and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands of dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL, and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready-to-publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. So, one of the classic scenarios you'll often see with a lot of businesses that go through that process of analysis, is they will work out we only want to work with high net worth individuals because they spend the most, they give us the least headaches, they're the best either on a BTC or you could do the equivalent of B2B, right? We're only going to work with companies over X revenue. And how would you therefore go about talking to to those people? Well, like I just said, think about the things they really care about from a ben- benefit standpoint. Think about their pain points as well. So, if you are looking to target only the high net worth individuals within your marketplace, don't emphasize the price competitiveness of your product service in comparison to your competition. That's not who you're going after, they don't care about that as much. Instead, emphasize say the time saving or the convenience or the status associated with having a product or service of this quality or of this brand. And things that they are much more likely to be interested in. You buy this once, you don't have to bother with it again, you don't have to worry about it. And and that's going to be different from the rest of the market that might be far more price sensitive or might be interested in different things. So, for example, us as a as an agency, we do I mean, we specialize because we specialize in Meta ads, we specialize in Google ads, we're not like full service and everything else. So, we do this niching within our own service offerings. But within that, we will work with a broad range of of different types of businesses. We work with service and SaaS and e-com and all sorts, right? We now have a large enough team to have specialists within each one of of those fields. But if we were operating with a smaller budget, if we were newer, what we could do is look at all our clients and be like, you know what? E-commerce businesses that generate more than $10 million a year in revenue typically are highest value customers. So then we would re-engineer our marketing. You'd see someone like me just creating videos specifically targeted at e-commerce businesses over a certain size. All our ads would be updated specifically to speak to those people. It'd be in the messaging. It'd be what do they care about? They care about scale. They care about maintaining return on ad spend as they scale up. They're not interested in things like lead quality. Doesn't apply to them. So we wouldn't be talking about lead quality in our advertising. So you see how how we would tailor it if we wanted to further niche down in those instances and hopefully you can apply that to your business as well. If you go over specific and find that your ads just aren't reaching my people, you can always broaden back out. But in my experience most businesses, particularly those operating with small budgets, are far too broad as opposed to too niche. Next is to copy what already works best in your industry. There are likely bigger players with bigger budgets that have spent a fortune testing and working things out. You can analyze what they are doing, draw conclusions, and save yourself a ton of time, a ton of money in experimentation by modeling from what they have demonstrated works best. How do you do that? One of the easiest ways is to use the Meta Ads Library. A free tool. I'm going to show you how to do that, right? So I'm here in the Meta Ads Library. Just Google it, it'll come right up. The way this works is you select your location, you select your category. So if you operate within a specialized category, select that. Otherwise you can select all ads. And then I'm going to use myself as the example here. So if I enter Ben Heath in here, we can see all the ads that that we're running and you can check these out if you're interested, by the way. And you can see the details, you can see the primary text, you can see where they're running, you can see the videos themselves, the headlines, you can click through to the landing pages. You've got all the information that that you would want to to take a look at to see see what they're doing. So what you want to do here is think about the competitors that you know are advertising well. You see their ads pop up often, they look good. You just know based on the size of the business that their marketing is really switched on. You think this is a good company to to model from based on your interaction. Then you come through to Meta Ads Library, you search for them, and then what you're looking for are the ads that have been running quite a while. So, for example, if you were to do this with us, you could see that these ads up here at the top, these have been running since May 2025. So, not far off a year as of the recording of this video, 9 months or so as of the recording of this video. Now, I can tell you right now that these ads are performing well. I know that cuz this is these are our ads. But, we would have turned them off if they weren't. And that's basically true for just about every advertiser that you would look at. If they've been running an ad for, you know, cuz if they only launched an ad last week, you don't know that thing's working. They might just be experimenting. If they've been consistently running an ad for more than say 6 months, particularly if it's longer than that, that ad is almost certainly working for them, and you could look to model from it. Now, if you're looking at bigger competitors, more successful competitors, which is what I'd recommend, sometimes you won't be able to replicate what they've produced. You might be like, "Okay, they've been running this ad for a year and a half, but it's a partnership ad with an influencer in the space. We couldn't afford to work with them." You might be able to, by the way. People always think that influencers cost a lot more than they do. They're wrong. But, in that instance, maybe you can't replicate what they're doing. But, just keep going. Keep looking at more competitors, keep finding other options and be like, "Oh, we can do that. That's an interesting product demonstration video. That's a UGC video. They've actually got some static images that seem to be performing well for them. Let's go ahead and use that." And you can look to model from what works and replicate that. Save yourself a ton of time and budget and test that way. You have a limited budget with a small budget to test. And also, the emphasis on testing becomes less important because what you're really looking to do with a small budget, what I think you should be looking to do with a small budget, is establish proof of concept. Can we generate leads? Can we generate sales? Yes. And then get that campaign as quickly as possible to be as profitable as possible because that will fund reinvestment. If you can get that campaign to produce a 4x return on ad spend, well, you could then reinvest more into your ad campaigns and scale them and try and maintain that ROAS or improve it and grow your business and acquire a lot more customers. It very much wants to be seen as a stepping stone that can be profitable and can work to higher budget levels if you want to succeed, grow your business and all that sort of stuff. Moving on to another piece of advice that is very important for advertisers operating with a small budget and that is no brand awareness. I don't want you to be running awareness campaigns. I don't want you to be running engagement campaigns, traffic campaigns. I want you to be running leads or sales campaigns that are direct offer, directly selling what it is that you advertise in order to get leads, in order to get sales so that you can generate a short-term return on your small budget which like I said in the previous point will allow you to reinvest. I've heard so many advertisers, particularly when they're new to advertising, say things like I just kind of want to get my business out there. That doesn't really mean anything. It's like you just want to get your business out there, why? You want to get your business out there because you want leads, you want sales, you want that coming in. Well, much better to go directly for those things instead of running an awareness campaign and just sort of magically thinking that's somehow going to end up coming back to you in the long term. There is one very specific exception and that's my omnipresent content campaign only applies specific businesses, typically those offering a very involved purchase. So, high ticket service, something consulting, expertise based, something like that. I've got videos on that in case you want to check that out. That does use either an awareness or engagement campaign structure, but it is very different thing. We're doing it for different reasons and we're often advertising that alongside our conversion campaigns at sales or leads. And if you're a small business, I would be even less keen for you to focus on the omnipresent content strategy and instead go for what it is that you really want. Get that return so that you can reinvest. Meta's optimization systems and how the campaign delivers is completely literal. If you say you want sales, Meta's going to do its best possible to get you sales. If you say you want leads, vice versa. If you say you want traffic, they're going to find really clicky people. Those people won't necessarily go on and convert. Brand awareness is much better for larger companies, often larger companies that don't have a direct path to conversion. So, if you think of like Coca-Cola running ads, for example, well, no one's like clicking through on an ad to then come through and buy like it's it's top of mind. So, the next time you're in a restaurant, next time in the supermarket, you buy Coke products. You get one out of the fridge because of the reminder, you drink it now, that creates a space so that next time you're more likely to buy more. So, the businesses that run brand awareness on Meta ads as well typically fall into that category where there's much less of a direct lead to the conversion. Not something we want to mess with as smaller businesses. Another tip that I've really encouraged small budget advertisers to do recently and found a number of us have a lot of success with this is to use your organic content on Meta, typically on Instagram, as basically free testing for ad creative. Now, this requires you to create content and it will be more valuable if you already have a bit of an organic audience than if you don't. But because we talked about before, you don't have much budget for budget for testing. That's why we are modeling from other businesses that have done a lot of testing. But this is another great way to do it. You can, for example, produce Instagram Reels, put those out there, and then the ones that get significantly more engagement than others, you can take those, add a 5-10 second call to action to the end, and run that as an ad. You could do the same with static images, which ones get a lot more reaction, use that in your ad, maybe add some text overlay, accompany it obviously within the ad structure, headline, etc., in order to get people to to take action. And it won't always translate. So, sometimes things perform really well organically and it just doesn't translate to ads. But often they do, and often it's a really good way to find extra ideas easily, produce ad creative, kind of two birds, one stone situation. We got some organic content and we got some ad creative out of this. And it could be an easy way to iterate and test and find what works. You may even find that something works really well organically, doesn't necessarily do well as an ad, but you're thinking, "Yeah, but we can use that concept or we can use that hook in that reel in our ads going forward. We just need to change the rest of it to be more focused." To do this well, your organic content needs to be closely related to your ads and what it is that you talk about. I would hope that would be true anyway, because that's [clears throat] going to help drive business outcomes, lead to sales, revenue, etc. But that's just a an important caveat to which quickly mention. If you're watching this now on a small budget and you can think, "Yeah, I've posted quite a bit of organic content." Take a bit of time and go back through and find the ones that have done well and just chuck them into an ad campaign. Like I said, maybe stick a call to action on the end and see how it does. And real quick, we've created the perfect offer for Facebook and Instagram advertisers with a small budget. We call it Facebook Ads Mastery. It's a school community complete with exclusive education material. We also do live calls and Q&As with me and my team members. If you're interested, there's a link in the video description. The next point is going to sting for some of you. And that's to be willing to spend more on conversions than what you're currently willing to spend. Most beginner Facebook and Instagram advertisers, those operating with a small budget typically, have unrealistic expectations of A, what's possible, B, what they should expect, and C, what will allow their business to grow. Part of that is because there are many people within this space that will over promise. It's one of the reasons why if you see, for example, the case studies on our website, the result screenshots that I put out on my Instagram stories, we cover a range. We will show the businesses that we're able to get a 20x return on ad spend for, which is just incredible and that's amazing and everyone wants that, but for some businesses that is completely impossible. We will also show businesses that get a 3.2 x return on ad spend, but have done so at scale and that's really profitable and a successful outcome for that business. It's not the massive headline attention grabbing, but it's done well and it is it is success and it works for that business and it allows them to scale and do the things that they want them to do. I've spoken to many beginners that will say things like, "Oh, I want a 10x return on ad spend." And typically if someone is talking in those terms, they don't understand the dynamic well enough. So often I've had to tease that out of them. So I might say, "What are you willing to pay to acquire a customer?" Which is one of the most common questions. If you're ever on a Q&A with me, that's almost certainly one of the things I'm going to ask if I want to to delve deeper with you. And often people say, "I don't know." So I'll sort of work it back through with them. Okay, what are your customers worth? My customers are worth $2,000. Okay, excellent. So what are you willing to pay to get that customer? And someone might say, "I don't know. $100, $200." I go, "Okay. So you're telling me that you wouldn't be willing if you had a magic machine and you could put $400 in it or $500 in it and it just spits out a $2,000 customer, you wouldn't do it." And they nearly always go, "Oh no, yeah. No, I would. Yeah, yeah, no, that I can make that work." Obviously this is going to be dependent on margins. Some businesses can be a much more aggressive. Like for some businesses a 1.5 x return on ad spend is fantastic because let's say they're selling software or info and there's no cost of goods associated with selling the thing and they want massive scale and they can do it. Then there are businesses where they spend 10 million a year and they make 15 million direct from sales from those ads and they've got 5 million profit cuz there's hardly any cost associated and that's a successful business outcome. There are obviously others that need a much larger return on ad spend because they do have cost of service deliverable or they have cost of goods in order to to make it work. But I've I've seen a lot of ad campaigns where, "Okay, the $2,000 customer is what my customer is worth to my business. In my mind I'm only willing to pay $200 for a customer. Therefore, I convert one in, let's say, 10 leads. So I'm only willing to pay $20 per lead. And then they cap out and they can barely scale and they think, "Oh, the campaign's not working. I've got to limit to $25 a lead." And you actually run through the numbers and you're like, "You know, $25 a lead is really profitable for you, right?" Advanced meta advertisers, and the businesses that do the best, they don't typically generate the best return on ad spends. Because as you scale, your return on ad spend will decrease, inevitably. It is harder to acquire, it is more expensive, I should say, to acquire your 10,000th customer than your 50th customer, because there's always a proportion of the market that is just so keen and loves whatever it is that you sell that they kind of buy everything and you can gather up these people. But there's not many of them, the more you scale, that the harder that is. But there is a trade-off that a lot of businesses understand where they think, "I don't mind if my return on ad spends drops if my overall profit number, not as a percentage, as a number, is significantly better. That's a better business outcome. Much better to generate a 4x return on ad spend spending a million dollars a month than a 10x return on ad spend spending $10,000 a month. You make a lot more money at the lower return on ad spend number because you've achieved scale. So, really have a think about what could you be willing to pay to acquire a customer? I'll give you some examples. I want to go even further for some businesses. There are many, many businesses where initial customer acquisition is loss-making. Many of the biggest, most successful businesses, that is true. Almost anything finance-related. Banks, they pay way more to acquire you than they make from you initially. Mortgage companies are often the same. Insurance, they are playing a game of we will turn you into repeat revenue over many years, most likely, and we'll end up with a fantastic return on ad spend, but it might take 6 months or more for us to pay the initial cost of customer acquisition in the first place. And there's some of the biggest, most successful businesses in the world that operate this way. Lots of businesses in that category. It's actually one another advantage that bigger advertisers have, is typically they have more cash reserves and they can afford to be more aggressive on their customer acquisition than smaller businesses. I think that a lot of small budget advertisers have this idea of like, "I'm at a 2x ROAS. If I could just get to a 10x ROAS, I'll be like the big boys." And you're like, "Actually, some of the big boys might be operating at a 2x ROAS. They're just doing it much better in terms of retention and customer reactivation than you are. So, it works for them in in a way that a 2x ROAS doesn't work for you." I'm not saying you have to lose money as a small budget advertiser. Often, you need profitability to be able to reinvest. But, you might be fine with a four or five x ROAS. You might not need a 10x ROAS to make it worth your while. My next recommendation is to reduce the number of variables. So, we want to concentrate and consolidate both from your resource capacity, mentally, time, within your business, but also within your ad account so that we consolidate that conversion data and Meta has the best possible chance of getting out of the learning phase and then optimizing your campaigns to get you the outcome that you want to get. So, I typically recommend that you focus on one offer only. If you sell a big range of products or you have multiple service offerings, which are sold the best, which do you make the most money from, focus in on that exclusively. Don't have lots of different campaigns. Don't have lots of different ad sets. You want to consolidate that down. So, let's say we had five ad sets and we're generating 20 conversions a week. Well, that's four conversions per [clears throat] ad set on average. Much better to have the one ad set and have those 20 conversions going through the one ad set. Like I said, much more likely to get out of learning phase, much easier for Meta to be able to optimize and draw conclusions, and then put your ads in front of the right people and get you the results that you want. If you don't have historical data around which offer is most profitable, which sells the best, take a best guess. What are your competitors focusing on mostly? What do you have the best margins in? You can always adjust once you've got up and running, but fewer campaigns, often just one campaign, one ad set is the way to go. You can always look to scale and add complexity later on. In fact, if you do want more information about Facebook ad campaign structure and how we've adjusted this cuz there are significant differences now to what we used to recommend. Then I recommend you check out this video cuz I go through it all and I talk about how you want to start, which businesses want to stick with the one campaign, one ad set um setup versus the alternative options and when you might want to change that as you go through your Meta Ads journey. Just go and check it out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @AbdullahKhan-sr1ir [2 likes]: Bro I'm running a campaign - highest volume - conversion as Purchase (broad targetting, advantage+audience with suggestions). I have a budget of Rs 1000 INR (9 USD) a day initially. I'm running 3 ads using one adset. Video type are unboxing, ugc, and one review static image. Still in learning phase, it has only been 8 days, the acquisition cost is coming 1000 a day for each order.  Does leaving it longer would make the acquisition cost slowly drop down when meta has more data?
  3. @jeanrileyonline [1 likes]: Long time follower! I have studied and studied , and always think its because my budgets are small! but example a is that recently ad's I have had at 45 dollars a day x 1 add was performing at 3.3% click rate, even though I have a small budget would you suggest to use these kinds of creatives if that percent keeps up? Thank you so much :)
  4. @itaylubovich [1 likes]: Man you're awesome!
I'm watching you for like 8 years I think.
You helped me a lot, so first of all keep it up!
I used to use Facebook Ads for Ecom and now I'm using it for Financial services (consultant)
In the video you said "How much are you willing to pay for a customer?" well that's a great question haha
How can I know that I'm not overpaying a customer?
For example if I'm paying 1,000$ a customer and getting 2,000$ that's nice, but what if I could pay 500$ and be more profitable?
How can I know that I'm in my "Sweet spot"?
  5. @wakiezakiederidder6813: What should you do when Meta automatically adds music or other features to your ads while they have been running for a day or two in the learning phase? They always seem to add these features without my consent and without me wanting it so I  have to retweak my ads.
  6. @lemonroti1991: Defining Budget Categories: (0:15 - 1:28) Explains the difference between a "small" budget (
600/month).

Don't Helicopter Parent Your Ads: (1:32 - 5:58) Advises against frequent manual adjustments to avoid resetting the learning phase; suggests using an optimization schedule instead.

Niche Down: (6:00 - 12:21) Recommends targeting a specific, high-value customer segment rather than the entire market to improve ad resonance.

Copy What Works: (12:23 - 15:37) Encourages using the Meta Ads Library to model successful creatives from competitors who have already tested their ads.

Focus on Direct Results: (15:38 - 18:05) Explains why you should prioritize sales or leads campaigns over awareness or traffic campaigns when operating on a small budget.

Leverage Organic Content: (18:06 - 19:59) Proposes using high-performing organic posts (like Instagram Reels) as free testing for future ad creative.

Adjust Acquisition Expectations: (20:15 - 25:50) Highlights the importance of understanding your customer lifetime value and being willing to spend appropriately to acquire customers rather than just chasing a high ROAS.

Consolidate Variables: (25:51 - 27:35) Advises simplifying your account structure (e.g., fewer ad sets) to consolidate data and help the Meta algorithm optimize faster.
  7. @whynotask6996: Great chanel .I'm learning lighspeed
  8. @stanimirnikolov7934: My ad account is one week old. I’m running a CBO with a 60-day budget, two ad sets — one with video creatives and one with static creatives.

In 7 days, I got 38 purchases. Then I increased the budget by $10, and everything died. For the last 2 days I’ve had only 3 orders.

Should I lower the budget back down?
  9. @SubhanAhmed-k4x: You have  such a great experience.😎
  10. @Official-Lowlight-FM: I can tell he’s speaking from real experience.
  11. @TigerRepel: Just discovered the channel. It is brilliant.
  12. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: Hi Ben, love your content.....Do you ever do FB Ad content specifically directed at Real Estate / Realtors?
  13. @rrivera457: Hey Ben. Would you recommend CBO or ABO for small budgets?
  14. @JonMcTavish: i like the idea around small/ new businesses only running ads meant to convert sales... but what if its a novel product. something that people don't know exists yet? dies that change anything?  does something like 10%  of ad budget spend on awareness campaign and remaining 90% on sales campaign?
  15. @MsAlly-g3e: I am running a catalog ad for a clothing brand.  When I create new products, they're being added to the catalog. Does that reset the algorithm when running catalog ads, even if I change nothing in Ads Manager?
  16. @fathiazaida: really liked the tips you shared here
  17. @social_media_vlogs: this was super helpful, thanks for breaking it down
  18. @SynthMind.studio-y1: i can actually do this now lol
  19. @sunilrajsam: the “stop touching it during learning” bit hit me. i always panic-edit on day 2 and then wonder why results reset. also saw Rumora mentioned elsewhere lately.
  20. @Omega_Destroyer_xx: Any chance you could do a dedicated video about ads specifically for Kickstarter? These campaigns live or die based on how good their Meta ads are

- The NEW BEST Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda has changed everything. And most strategies just don't work anymore. Costs are up and profits have tanked. Everyone running ads who figured out what was working has had a massive unfair advantage. In this video, I'll show you step-by-step the new best Facebook ad strategy and how to set it up so you can stop day trading your ad account and get back to scaling your business. I'm opening up my ad account where I spend my money. I'm going to share my screen real quick and show you the exact structure and more importantly, why we structure it this way. This is the modern version of the one campaign method which we now call Andromeda one. Ad set one is the control. This is our benchmark, a small set of proven ads and ideally there's a good mix of images and videos. These aren't winners forever, they're just the most stable ads that are good enough to scale from and rely on. Ad sets two and three are tests. Each one contains a single 322 ad and these two ad sets should be thought of as an AB test. And these ads have one specific job, to improve or even replace the worst ad inside the control ad set. Also, in a little bit I'm going to show you exactly how to identify the worst ad because I think most people pick the wrong one. We're not testing to find the next winner to scale and abuse. Remember, Facebook ads are a team sport. We want to find the worst player on the team and replace them so that we can win more often. Now let's talk about how to judge a test. This is the part most experts get wrong and this is the most important part of scaling any account. We're not judging the test by any individual ad metric, CPA, ROAS, CTR, hook rate, none of that. Those are diagnostics. The goal is money. We only need to ask one stupid simple question. Did the campaign's profit volume go up? And by that I mean total revenue minus total ad spend. If yes, we just created more money to reinvest so we can scale the budget. If no, the test is a loser. That's it. Real quick, if you like this video, please go ahead and like this video and subscribe so you don't miss anything else and share it with all of your friends. YouTube loves that and that's how we help put back the fiction so that everyone can see more success and less stress. Also, check out Disruptor Academy. We just launched a brand new course on Andromeda one. Literally soup to nuts everything you need from setup to scale. Automated rules for low budgets, high budgets, literally everything you need to see more success and less stress. The link is right there. All right, that being said, let's get back to it. Budget behavior is the signal and the three-step testing process I'm about to show you is where Andromeda one gets really powerful. After we launch the test ads, we wait. And then, step one, delivery. Did the ads earn spend? If the answer is no, the ads aren't competitive and the test is basically dead on arrival and we start over. Step two, evaluation. What happens to the campaign if the answer is yes? If the test earns spend and the profit volume goes up, the test is winning regardless of what any individual ad metric says. And if the test earns spend and the profit volume drops, it's a loser and we start over. And then step three, scale. If profit volume went up, we have more money to invest so we increase the budget. And you continue to scale until profit volume stops improving and then you're back to testing. It doesn't matter if any of your new ads are winners or if your ROAS goes from two to 20. If profit didn't go up, it's a loss. Only the business outcome matters because it's not about any individual ad, it's about the whole team. And if we can't scale the budget, we need to make the team better. Now, a little earlier I promised I would show and it's also stupid simple. When I evaluate ads, I don't start with ROAS. ROAS is a ratio. It can look amazing while you make less money. We want to make more money. So what we care about is gross profit per transaction. I call it GPT and yes, you can build it as a custom metric in your dashboard. Here's how to do it. Here's why this matters. Ad A could be a 4x ROAS on a $10 CPA with a $40 AOV. That's a $30 gross profit. Ad B could be a 2x ROAS on a $60 CPA with a $120 AOV. That's a $60 gross profit. Half the ROAS, double the profit. So when we evaluate an ad, the stupid simple question is, does the ad have a GPT above campaign average? If not, that's when we want to try to replace. This stupid simple structure gives you something most advertisers never get. Certainty. Because we know exactly what changed and when it changed and what it did to the bottom line of the business. We can say things like, "That new hook increased profit volume." Or, "That angle brought in a higher AOV customer." No guessing, no emotional attachment, no subjective view based on attribution. And here's the hidden upside, the cross-channel effect. When you improve the quality of who you bring in and keep your traffic consistent, everything downstream gets better. Let's take a step back to look at what's really happening. Our creative testing upgrades the customer quality coming into the store. And because all spend runs through one system, Meta's Andromeda gets better at matching the right ad to the right buyer. And because we're not launching hundreds of random ads, all of our customers begin to look and feel and behave the same. Then we scale the budget to buy more of those higher quality customers. And all of that means that our site converts better, search and email pick up more revenue and even returning customer revenue also climbs. And that's the point. We're making the business better by buying better customers. That's why we judge success by the bank account, not just by platform ROAS. I don't really give a about ROAS. And this is the difference between optimizing ads like a performance marketer and being an operator scaling a business. I think about it like this, hunters versus farmers. Hunters lived in caves for 100,000 years living and dying by their ability to feed themselves today. Hunters measure success by ROAS and daily CPA. They ask, "Did this ad work today? What's my cost right now? Did it hit immediately?" They live and die by short-term swings. Once humanity learned how to farm, we went from living in caves to building empires and putting a man on the moon. We are in the empire building business. If you want to scale to the moon, you have to start thinking like a farmer. Farmers focus on feeding as many people as possible. One corn plant can produce three or four pounds of food and you can plant 10 other corn plants from what you don't eat. So for the same amount of work, over time you go from four pounds of food to 400 because you're focusing on building a better system and that's what farming is. Farmers focus on total profit and growth. Their job isn't to chase win after win, it's to build a system that works and to protect it and to scale it with the resources that system builds for itself. And that's what Andromeda one is actually optimizing for, similarity to produce scale. We're increasing the volume of high quality data flowing into the platform so it gets better at matching the right message to the right buyer and finding more of your best customers. Now, before you copy this structure, we have to talk about budget. Because a lower budget changes the rules just a little bit. If your budget isn't high enough to reliably get more than one ad set out of the learning phase, then everything lives in one ad set. Your control and your tests are just ads inside of the same ad set. Then you follow a simple ladder. One ad set until you can afford to get one testing and one control ad set. And then you scale until you can afford two testing ad sets. And even when I'm spending a million a month like I showed you before, I don't have more than two testing ad sets. Once you get there, you're done. You're ready to scale to the moon. So now that you understand what Andromeda one really is, it's not a tactic or a hack and it's definitely not a structure you copy and paste from a screenshot. It's a decision to stop being a hunter and to start being a farmer. It's choosing a system you can run every week, not a lucky ad you hope doesn't die. Now that you understand that, next we need to talk about the ad itself. I got to show you the exact ad format I use, how to build it and how to feed the algorithm the kind of data it needs to actually scale because the best structure in the world won't scale if your ads aren't teaching Meta to win and that is exactly what this next video is all about. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @jendoubianis5323 [14 likes]: This guy is absolutely breaking the game.
I’ve been following media buyers on YouTube for more than 6 years, and honestly, I’ve never seen someone explain Meta Ads with this level of depth and clarity.

You can tell this isn’t recycled content; this is real experience and real mastery. Respect.
  2. @MartinBenesCreative [3 likes]: It would be nice you actually would show how to decide which ad inside the adset should be turned off. Since all of them are part of the “team”, which one you turn off? Sometime you can turn off a non performer on numbers but maybe it was a crucial part of the success for other ads in the same adset.
  3. @gepa-c5x [2 likes]: I'm tired of this guy. He claims to provide a step-by-step guide, but in reality, he just provides a philosophical opinion without real execution. Watched more than 20 videos, not worth it
  4. @HaroXII [2 likes]: Great video! Can you make another video on a detailed version of this strategy for low budgets? If all ads are in one set, doesn’t adding new ones to test restart learning? Also if all spend continues going to the winner do we kill the test in the same ad set? I’d love a more detailed video with maybe a demonstration. Keep up the good work
  5. @ji9arsoni [1 likes]: 4:33 The ROAS framing makes sense per sale, but doesn't the volume math completely flip the conclusion? Ad A at $10 CPA gets you 6 customers for every 1 that Ad B gets at $60 CPA — same budget, $180 profit vs $60. At scale, the "lower ROAS" ad wins by 3x. Isn't optimising toward higher AOV just a slower path to growth unless your margins are structurally different?
  6. @vitorriseriomkt [1 likes]: This helped me a lot. Greetings from Brasil ✍🤓🇧🇷
  7. @matejantoncic9342 [1 likes]: @CTtheDisrupter how do you deal with campaigns on a small budget — one ad set only, with a few proven winners?

How would you test a new 3-2-2 setup in the same adset, if we currently don’t have Flex, DCT, or the new workflow available? 🤔
  8. @deanfrost90 [1 likes]: Question: If qualified, feel free to answer... 1 campaign. 3ad sets running. 1 flex ad in each ad set. 3 videos in each flex ad. I have 3 winners, 1 from each ad set in each flex ad. NOW! what??? lol
  9. @stanimirnikolov7934 [1 likes]: I launch a CBO campaign with a $60 budget, and I always split the ad sets into two: one for videos and one for static banners.
  10. @DaEnvoy [1 likes]: Amazing video! 
Quick question. Well, 2 quick questions:
1) Is the one campaign structure for the whole account or is it one campaign per product group, avatar etc?
2) What is a good budget for starting to launch 1 testing ad set and then the second one?
  11. @evgeniyperinov2465 [1 likes]: So if i have understood correctly if one ad doesnt get any spend from the 5 olympic circles i should stop it and change it(if it is an image of a review most of the time wont spend or at least not much)Am i right to stop the ad and replace it with another review image/video
  12. @carlosnobleza1665 [1 likes]: I always watch videos at 2x speed if not 1.5x. This is the first time I'm watching in normal speed and rewinding. This stuff is GOLD. At the end of the day we want ours/client's businesses to scale and do that as sustainable as we can.
  13. @sjaikdjorai5793 [1 likes]: Can this strategy also work for live events that take place across the country? The events are free of charge for visitors.

Thank you for sharing your valuable content.
  14. @JaridOrgeron [1 likes]: There is one authority on FB ads - Charlie…and then there’s everyone else.
  15. @brianedwardsu7404 [1 likes]: Oh how disappointing LOL - thought you will show STEP BY STEP?
  16. @PoojaPadalia-r4l [1 likes]: Great video ❤ one quick question please — i was watching your video about creative testing. when you add new creatives, do you also tag your catalogue/products in them? In our case, Meta mostly shows the catalogue products connected to the ad in a carousel format instead of the actual creative.
  17. @kirstenschroeder9891 [1 likes]: Love the video! So it's a cbo with control and test? So as the test ones do well move the ad to the control? on/off from there? I'm spending 1000 day, so when I up the budget based on results - it's across the full campaign right? no abo?
  18. @slimnik404 [1 likes]: Hey Charley,
doesn't adding new ads to the same ad set reset learning phase?
  19. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  20. @Siimonte [1 likes]: Great video. What about products like nasal strips that solve multiple problems? One, in a sense - breathing. But in several contexts - sleep, exercise etc. Two separate ad-sets for different contexts or one general? Thanks!

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- ​The NEW Facebook Ads Strategy Dominating in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are completely different than they were just 12 months ago, especially with all the huge updates like gem and Andromeda. And the brands and advertisers who figured out what was working early have had a major advantage for the last 6 to 8 months while basically everyone else is trying to figure out what the heck happened. [music] In just the last 6 months we've managed $35 million across the accounts that we manage at the Moonlighters. We work with brands in all categories across nearly every single vertical. And over the last few months we've been taking a completely different approach to the way that we structure our ad accounts. We've had multiple brands that we work with increase their overall revenue to all-time highs after the fourth quarter. Just like this member of my community who grew and scaled their business from $66,000 per month to $100,000 per week. So, in this video I'm going to break down high-level what this exact strategy is and what's changed. And then I'm also going to show you step-by-step in the ads manager how to create the prospecting side of this system completely for yourself. So, to properly understand what's changed, you first need to know what used to work. Now, what's worked for us for the last 3 years prior to this major shift was a system that looked just like this. I'll take you through it very briefly. Essentially, we had a core prospecting campaign where we launched a broad packs every week or so and we launched individual creatives in each of those packs. We then scaled the best creatives that spent the most and drove the most amount of revenue into a scaling campaign that lived at the top of the account. After this prospecting campaign, we would set up a retargeting campaign that had 14-day Facebook and Instagram engagers, 30-day visitors, and 90-day add to carts. You should always know that in all these cases for both old and new strategy that they are always subject to change based on the brand. And then finally, we would set up a retention campaign. This is for your existing customers, people who previously purchased from you. And we would target all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers. Now, here's what's changed because it's fundamentally shift because of Andromeda. Our prospecting structure looks a whole lot sexy and a whole lot more complex, but don't worry, it's not overwhelming. If you're already using what we used to call the M3 method, then the M4 method, which I'm going to break down in terms of the structure, is exactly the same minus a few changes. Is actually going to be a very easy transition for you, whether you're using an old structure, new structure, or if this is your very first time seeing this. In the M4 method, we have a core prospecting CBO campaign, multiple ad sets with all minimum budgets, and don't forget I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up. And we are grouping our creatives by avatar or concept. We then have the same retention campaign to hit our existing customers with all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed in. And the ads that we're showing these folks in particular are evergreen ads, sale ads, new products, and upsells and downsells. And then one of the biggest sweeping changes is now our retargeting campaign is optional. Now, this is optional based on the data in your ad account. So, you have to be skilled enough to actually understand if you should have it or not. But basically, you're looking at your audience breakdowns and you're making a determination based on the data on whether or not you should have a retargeting campaign or not. Okay, so let's get into the ad account. I'm going to show you everything step by step. And by the way, if you want the full in-depth tutorials on this, I'm talking eight plus hours of the entire M4 method, structure, creative, deep dives, advanced optimizations, and digging deeper into how to actually scale in this method, then you can click the link down in the description or go to school.com/facebook. We are the fastest growing e-commerce community with over 400 brands right now scaling of every shape and size, whether you are just starting out or you're an extremely advanced operator. We have people that are spending $100,000 a day and people that are spending their very first dollar on Meta Ads right now along with the live Q&As every single week where you can ask me any question and even if it's not the day of that live Q&A, you can ask me a question right now in the school community and guarantee an answer by the end of the day today. We're going to be setting a campaign budget and just for this example, I'm going to set my daily budget to $100 per day. It doesn't matter. This is just a placeholder. We're keeping our campaign bid strategy at highest volume or value and then we're not editing our budget scheduling. You should have here in your engaged audience, your add to cart 90 and your 30-day site visitor and then for your existing customers, anyone who's purchased over all time. Next thing is we're going to go into our ad set. Now, this is going to be pack number one. Every single time we launch a new pack, we're thinking about the avatar in that pack. So, we're grouping our ad concepts by avatar and by concept. So, in this case, I would name my pack number one and I would put my avatar name plus concept name. For my website location, I'm choosing website. For my performance goal, I have two choices here. Maximize number of conversions or maximize value of conversions. If everything you sell in your business is the same price, I would generally recommend number of conversions. If you require people to buy multiple times, meaning more items to the cart to get over the free shipping threshold, then you can choose value of conversions. In many cases, it's actually strategically positive to run both of these and have two separate campaigns, but that is a conversation that is way more complex. Next, we're selecting our correct data set and we're always choosing the conversion event, purchase. If you do not see the conversions API tag right here, be warned and go into your data set and make sure your conversions API is set up. We don't want duplicate data. We always want to be set up with the correct accurate data coming into the pixel. Without that, to be completely honest, you are doomed. The correct data into the pixel is so critical. So, you click purchase right here, and then you're going to have the prompted option to choose a ROAS goal. For now, we're not selecting that. If you chose max number of conversions here, you're going to see cost per result goal. We are not choosing that as well. Our attribution model is going to be standard, although there are times when incremental makes sense. We're going to choose standard for now, and then we're going to change our attribution setting to 7-day click, 1-day engaged, 1-day view. By the time you're watching this, the upcoming changes to engage view attribution are going to be more clear. They're going to be public to everyone. We have beta tested this in multiple accounts because we have early access, and I can confidently tell you that running 7-day, 1-day, 1-day is going to long-term be more beneficial, or at least give you the most amount of signals for your pixel. Next, we are on the budget and schedule section. The budget and schedule section here is different than it ever has been. We are actually going to be setting ad set spending limits. Now, if this is your first pack and your only pack, then you don't need to set a limit. The limit is actually only going to be applied when we're launching new packs moving forward. So, think about it like this. If I had pack number one avatar and concept, and I launched this this week, and then a couple weeks went by, and I launched new creatives, then it would be time for me to actually set an ad set spending limit. Now, because you're watching this, you're probably smart enough to actually understand that I don't need to duplicate a bunch of ad sets to show you one setting change, but all you need to know is that every time you launch a new pack, you're going to be setting an ad set spending limit typically equal to one time your target CPA. So, for this case, we're clicking set a minimum. We're choosing use dollar value, and we're setting our minimum equal to our target CPA. If you're only spending a little bit of money, then you might not have the flexibility to do this. This is going to be most applicable and most effective for businesses that are spending a lot. If you're spending a thousand dollars a day, two thousand, five thousand dollars a day, this is going to be particularly helpful to actually get the most amount of spend to your best ads while also testing a small amount on new ads that are running. Next, we're going down to our audience settings. Obviously, include all the locations that you can target, and I don't mind grouping these locations in one. For your minimum age, truly set this to your minimum age. Don't lie to Facebook. Don't put 21-plus if you actually aren't exclusively limited to 21-plus. In most cases, it's better to go broad and then narrow down later. Next, we go to exclude these custom audiences. This is very important. This changed recently in the new Facebook UI. This used to be something that was a suggestion. It's no longer a suggestion. If you exclude these audiences, as we can see from the info button here, any custom audiences added here will be excluded from the audience for this ad set. So, if we go back to our flowchart here, because right now the only thing we're focusing on is prospecting here, which are new customer acquisition, and then retention here, which is milking as much cash out of our existing customers. Here, in the prospecting campaign, we need to exclude everything here in the retention campaign. And we are excluding anyone all time who's purchased. So, this is going to be from a Clavio or a CRM list manually uploaded into Facebook, which you could also insert right here. In your audience settings, this is a small change that might have a big difference. Change your languages to the actual languages that your ads are written in. Do not allow your ads to be auto-translated into a bunch of different languages, especially if they don't apply to those languages. If everything you're doing is in English, do not allow all languages to be targeted. So, instead, if I was running English ads, I would choose English all, and then awkwardly I would type it again, and type it again, and I would choose English all, English UK, English US. In this next section here, this is where we could quote suggest an audience. This is the launchpad that Facebook works with. 99% of the time, I am leaving this blank. We could sit back and let this work from here. That is how we set up our ad set. There is nothing that we're doing on the placement side. We're just simply allowing Facebook to run wherever it wants. The analysis happens after we run the ads, not before. And we're not over optimizing, we're just having some control at the ad set level. So, we have our first ad set, our first pack created. Now, when we add new packs, new creatives, whenever they're available for us, all we're doing is we're duplicating the exact same ad set. We're changing this from pack one to pack two. We're including whatever unique avatar and concept we are launching here. And if you're launching iterations, then mention that it's iterations. We're keeping all of these settings exactly the same, and then we're launching the new ads inside of this new pack. Now, the next phase of this setup is interests. Interest groups follow a very similar function, except there's a small tweak. In this case, we're quickly duplicating our pack. We're changing this instead of from pack two to interest underscore winners. In the interest group, we are only running our best-performing ads over all time. Truly testing the interest, not testing the ads. So, in terms of our ad set settings, everything in the conversion block stays exactly the same. Our budget and schedule generally will not need an ad set minimum, cuz we're launching our best-performing ads. If you cannot get the interest to spend, don't be afraid to set an optional minimum spend here. And then when it comes to your audience, this is where things do in fact change. We're going to click further limit the reach of our ads, switch setup. You might have a couple of different toggles there. Just make sure you're always clicking further limit, further limit, further limit. We're then going to detail targeting. Describe your audience before. Don't worry, just go to use original options, and then go into here, and what you are doing is selecting a single interest target. You are not selecting a whole lot of targets, you're selecting a single interest, and you want it to be adjacent to your brand. For example, if I was Nike, I would not select Adidas. I would not select Reebok. I would not select Under Armour. Those are exactly the same as who I'm currently targeting. The point of an interest is to expand your audience. So, if I was Nike, what I would target instead is something like Range Rover because Range Rover is a different group of people, kind of like Nike likes to position as a luxury brand. Now, in time with this kind of a setup, you're going to notice you start to launch a lot of packs and you might find 30, 40, 50 active ad sets. Now, that is all fine if you're scaling the actual ad spend as you're launching new packs. But, if you're not scaling your ad spend and you're stuck at a specific ad spend or you don't even want to and you just want to get a slightly higher return on ad spend, then you're going to have to pause down certain ad sets and certain ads to maintain a good flow and allow the account to breathe. And the next stage of this is setting up your retention-based audience. This is an algorithm-friendly approach that gives you some control. And the reason it works so well is because it allows you to actually see where your ad spend is going so that when you increase your spend, you actually know if it's going to new customer acquisition and not being wasted on engaging existing customers that were likely to convert anyway. But, as you can imagine, not only is this strategy hard to implement, maintain, and grow, but it requires a whole lot of oversight. I'm not going to pretend this is the easiest strategy to run. But, the strategy that I just showed you is legitimately going to be rolled out for over 100 businesses that are on pace to spend over 75 million dollars in the next year. So, if you're a brand that's scaling and you actually want this implemented for you, then click the link down in the description or go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if you're not the right fit to work with us today, then you could also go to school.com/facebook where I teach everything in slow motion along with live Q&As that you can access me anytime. And finally, if you don't want to pay for anything, then everything on this YouTube channel, including this video right here where I walk through my entire creative strategy, is 100% free. As always, I hope you got a ton of value out of this video, and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: How does it not get affcted by fragmentation? I have tried running multiple ad sets under a CBO campaign. The campaigns fell apart because of the fragmentation (Our Ads competing witth our other ads)
  2. @paulomiguel20 [1 likes]: Can you make a video suggesting the best or a good way to spend a $100 daily budget?
  3. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l151
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l151
  4. @screenboiler: Once you find the winners do you move them out of the prospecting campaign and into a scaling campaign?
  5. @screenboiler: Does this work for local home service businesses? Like home remodeling and bathroom/kitchen remodeling companies? Spending $100 a day
  6. @Heiasat_Design_3D: WHAT ABOUT THE OVERLAPPING
  7. @Armaansway: Hey Sam, great video! Quick question on the Round 2 strategy (broad pack 2). If I'm using CBO and I add a new Round 2 ad set into the same campaign, won't that 'starve' my Round 1 winner of budget? How do you prevent the new ad set from stealing spend and disturbing the performance of the winner that's already working? and what about Starting the learning phase again, doing that won't start learning phase again for the 1st round version?
  8. @kanisshka5509: But why the scaling campaign gone?
  9. @ВанесаГеоргиева-р1о: Hi, I wanted to ask can we create an ABO ad campaign or it is necessary to be a a CBO?
  10. @igorevich2867: Thank you, Sam. You often break down ASC and CBO strategies. But what about cases where there are specific SKUs that have already proven their performance both with and without ads — meaning these SKUs sell well on their own?

If we follow your strategy and, for example, add 6 SKUs into ASC like I do, the budget gets heavily diluted, and only 1–3 creatives actually receive spend. This doesn’t really solve the goal of selling the truly strong models. Out of 6 products, only 1–2 will end up selling. What do you think?
  11. @pranavkrishnan7662: i am running on 3 ads for now, all diff concepts, should i add them to a new adset or keep them in one also wb image ads?
all image ads in one adset or mix with video?
  12. @yahoyaho92: This is so much helping me! Thank you so very much! 

I have a quick question.
You mentioned that you can maintain ad-sets as long as they are above the certain level of ROAS. 
What about individual ads in ad-sets? Can I turn them off if they do not perform well in good performing ad-sets?
  13. @meuplanob9601: So, in this new approach, you no longer create an "Engaged" campaign?
I remember excluding engaged leads from the last 30 or 90 days during the "prospecting" phase.
  14. @ggcrp6068: Will the ad account time zone (UK) cause any issues when running ads in the US market
  15. @Icontrading-u2g: Do you start with CBO and not ABO?
  16. @Ahfdh-o4v: Is the main difference from before that the first ad group doesn’t include any audience interests or similar criteria? Also, I don’t understand why we’re using the minimum budget instead of the maximum budget for the test ad group. If the minimum budget isn’t fully spent, isn’t that money wasted? Using the maximum budget would essentially set a fixed testing budget for the group.
  17. @michaeltrumbull3769: Sam - Thanks for the updates here - these have been very helpful. In the M3 strategy, within your prospecting CBO you had previous EXCLUDED ATC 90 and Site Visitor 30. Are you saying with the new updates, those exclusions should be removed, and only Existing customers (List + Purchasers 180) should be listed as excluded audiences? So we are going to let meta run a split and hybrid new / retargeting campaign? And does this apply down thru the scale campaign (seeing scale as optional at this point too). Let me know if the above sounds right. Cheers
  18. @MartinBenesCreative: This video was published in march 2026. Why in your vidoe it says that some upcoming changes will be available in August 2025? Feels like meta is broken again even right now in front of your eyes.
  19. @libertariancountry: You do creative testing in CBO? hmm. I use ABO. Is that bad?
  20. @basharbagdad3978: So on testing faze its not ABO? I thought testing faze its with ABO and when scaling its for CBO..?

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Why do some ads just feel good? We all know that feeling. We scroll on our feed, we see an ad, and it actually hits us. The brands like AG1, Comfort, Young LA, Skims, Element, these brands are dominating the new online market and have spent millions to crack customer psychology. And today, I'm going to pull the curtain back on how real marketers are actually making ads. This video is going to be a little bit different. We're going to forget about the KPIs, the structure. We're not going to be looking inside the ad account. We're going to take it back to the basics on how to actually make good ads. >> TGBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a foresome. Do manual research. These are things that people actually like to see. So, first we're going to go into the psychology. Then I'm going to show you a couple of good ad examples that you can learn from. And at the end, I'm going to give you action items that you can implement today to actually make better ads. And if you're new here, my name is Jared Robinson. I'm the founder of Creative Don, where we make ad creatives and run meta ads for direct to consumer brands chasing million-dollar months. We've been in business for three years, and I've been drop shipping since I was 13 years old. So, I'm coming up on a decade of running meta ads with tens of millions of dollars spent. So, nothing that we talk about here is theory. This is not an idea. This is backed by decades of firsthand experience and 8 figures spent on ads. But that's enough talk. Let's go ahead and jump in. So the first most important question is what actually makes a good ad. And the psychology really boils down to these four things. The first [music] thing we need to do is actually get their attention. And a lot of the data says you need 3 seconds. I would 100% disagree with that. I think you have about.5 seconds to actually grab someone's attention on the new internet. If you ever sit beside someone or watch people scroll, they're scrolling in less than a second. if it's not interesting to them. The second thing is going to be curiosity. And this is something that people really miss the mark on. You don't need to sell someone all the way in every single one of your ads, right? One of those long prospecting VSSLs where you take a cold scroller completely to a buyer in the ad. That is an example of where you're basically selling all in that original ad. But there are other ways and other things that you can do in your ads, which I'm going to show you in this video, where all you really need to do with the ad is spark enough curiosity to get them to click. And if the bottom of your funnel, whether it be, you know, a listical, a quizfunnel, or just a really good landing page where you can explain what your product does and why they need to buy it, all you need is curiosity in some ads. And really what that means is you're just peing their interest. The next one is going to be invoking some emotion. Are you making them fearful? Are you making them excited? What core emotion are you connecting with that's going to make them feel some kind of way? And the next examples that I'm going to show you with this is going to be extreme stark contrast from positive emotions, humor, laughter to really dark negative emotions, fear, insecurity. This is extremely important that you understand who you're selling to and where they are so you can figure out what emotion is most likely to influence them to make a buying decision. And the final one, we're going to do this one in green, is connection. You need to connect with your CP or the customer that you're trying to sell to. So, next I'm going to show you good ad examples and what you can learn from them. The first two I'm going to show you are really focused on curiosity and emotion. And the second two are more focused on attention and connection. Okay? So, these first two are ads that we're sending to quiz funnels or consumption funnels. Okay? It's important that you understand that because there's not a whole lot of selling done in these ads, but we're really pulling on their curiosity and on their emotion. Let's break down this ad on the left here first. So, this ad we are selling something that is going to allow women to increase their chances of getting pregnant. So, we know we're selling to women in a very emotional time. They're probably thinking, "What's wrong with me?" They maybe think that they're overthinking. Maybe nothing is wrong. And then we're really digging in here when we say, "Stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive." Actually, this is funny. I actually saved the one with a typo for this thing. Supposed to say test, not text. That's funny. But this actually says when we actually ran it, stop blaming yourself for not seeing that positive test. Take the quiz and see what's stopping you. So, what are we doing? Are we following these things up here? Did we get their attention? Yes. Are we sparking curiosity? Yes. Are we hitting an emotional pain point? Yes. And are we connecting with our ICP? Yes. And I think everyone watching this video right now can agree this is a good ad. Okay, the next one, and this one's a little bit unique. We have some weird ads. This is for a Looks maxing company. Um, they're basically, you know, selling something that allows people to figure out what's wrong with their face. This I think the philosophy or the psychology behind this ad is I'm almost imagining a young person maybe 16 to 22 doom scrolling at night. It's dark and there's this face looking back at them that's hitting that first thing. It's getting their attention. The next one is it's super simple text. What if one tool gave you everything you need to ascend? And if you're not familiar with the niche, ascend is like a very specific term in the um you know looks maxing space. So that's why we use that term because it's giving us that connection with our ICP and it's also hitting an emotion by just the darkness and the actual you know showing of this face. And overall, this ad is meeting the actual ICP where they need to be met with the content that they need to be met with the copy that they need to read that's going to invoke that curiosity and make them click. And then what happens in the funnel is um there's a lot more consumption in the funnel. These next two ads are very very different, right? These are not dark. These are not really pulling on a whole lot of curiosity. They're not pulling on a whole lot of emotion. But when you're selling, you know, driver covers or putter covers or, you know, a cup that's cleaner for dipping, you don't really need to do that, right? But there are a lot of you out there who don't have these dark brands that are, you know, solving some massive problem, but you still want to make good ads, right? So, when we have products like this, we're really focused on attention, getting the attention fast, and connection. This is funny, right? It's a meme format almost or it's a meme words. The foresome experience you dream about. This is a sharable ad, right? With this these golf products, we're not selling to the old guard of golfers, right? We're selling to, you know, the Gen Z, the millennial golfer who's going to put down 12 Miller lights on, you know, 18 holes on a weekend with his boys. So, we have to understand that we're not just showing them the product. We have to connect with that consumer base, right? And what are those people going to buy because of, you know, if it makes them feel like they're one of the boys, if it's funny, if they can share it with their friends. And we're also increasing the average order value by making an ad like this because this is an ad that they would share to their friends, be like, "Haha, this is funny." The next one, made for spitters, not quitters. I mean, it's just funny, right? Like, you got to think, I'm over here. I have the Zins, the VOS, I don't dip, but if I saw this ad, I would think it's funny. It's connecting with me. It's getting my attention. I would maybe share this with my boys. Right? So, that's the contrast that I want you to understand. Not every ad is built the same, but those four key psychological principles are what's going to allow you to actually build ads that are going to connect with the people that you need them to connect with. Right? The whole point of this, we're not out here talking about, you know, certain video structures or, you know, awareness stages or whatever. We're just trying to make good ads, right? We're trying to think about the psychology behind good ads in this video. Okay. Now, you can tell that if the ICP of this ad were to get either of these two ads, they would be like totally scrolling 2 seconds and vice versa. But you know that if a pregnant lady or a lady who's trying to get pregnant is going to see this ad, very curious. You know, someone who's already aware of the whole looks maxing movement. If they get this ad when they're doom scrolling at night, they're going to be curious. They're going to click on it. You know the Gen Z golfer who's pounding Miller lights on the course. If he gets this ad, he's going to send it to his boys. And you know that the guy who dips a lot and his girl complains about, you know, his nasty dip cup. You know, there's a good possibility that he's going to buy this. So, I wanted to show those examples. We actually made every single one of those ads, by the way. Those are just a few ads that we've made um for some of our clients. But I want you to really understand that and understand the psychology of how to actually make a good ad, right? These are not just products with, you know, the ingredients that the product has. Nobody cares. News flash. These are not just, you know, product pictures with, you know, how heavy the t-shirt weighs or what GSM it is. News flash, nobody cares, right? These are things that people actually like to see. It's funny. It's hitting them. It's maybe the curiosity of that um pregnancy one is, you know, invoking some emotion of, oh, maybe there's something that can help me, right? I really want you to understand that cuz I feel like there's a lot of videos on YouTube. There's a lot of people who are talking about stuff that it does matter. And I I do this too, right? I talk about, you know, the structure that you need to be testing with, how much volume you need to be doing, how much diversity you need to be doing, but I don't really see a whole lot of videos on YouTube of people just actually talking about how to make good ads. So now that you understand those ads is where we get into the action items, right? And first things first, before you make any ad, any ad, you should be doing tons of deep research. Okay? I actually just gave a speech in Miami a few weeks ago, and the number one question that I got at the end of my speech was, "How do I do my research?" or, "How are you doing research?" Most of the people there hadn't even really done tons of manual research and you should be doing manual research. Stop doing tragedy. Spend three or four days in a row just actually doing research on your niche on your product. Go to Reddit. Read your competitor's reviews. Read Amazon reviews. Read comments on Tik Tok videos. Ad comments. Do competitor analysis. Do manual research. I see so many people who they're seeing these people on Twitter being like, "Oh, AI is taking over. You can do deep research in five minutes with chatbt." It's like, "Yeah, you can. You can do that." And I can do that. I have really good prompts, but I'm still in the trenches. I'm still reading Reddit comments. I'm still doing that because that's where you can actually understand your customer. Those ads that we saw that we reviewed a second ago, [snorts] those are not ads that you can just make from copy and pasting into Reddit and getting headlines from ChadBt. Chad GBT is not going to write you a golf headline about a forsome. I promise you, ChadBt is not going to write that. Okay, that's where you have to be funny. ChadBt is not going to write you something about spitters and quitters. Okay? You have to actually do research. You have to actually think, be funny, try to write some decent copy. And the way that you do that is not by some chatbt deep research prompt. It's by actually doing the research yourself. So this is the first action item. You need to be doing all of these things and just taking notes. Make a deep research document, right? Not that you're going to paste into Chad GBT, but that you're just going to write stuff. Copy and paste things from Reddit. Copy and paste reviews that you see on your competitor's websites, on their Amazon, um, anywhere. Copy, add comments, take screenshots, copy and paste and build a true research document so that you can understand what people are saying, right? The next is going to be the framework. So after you do the research, then you need to actually write briefs. Okay? And the way that we write briefs, I'm just going to give it away to you right here. Okay? So the first thing is you need the concept. Then you need the creative type, right? Is it a curiosity based static ad? Us versus them? Um, you know, USP call out, social proof and review based ad, whatever it is. Always write down your creative type because you don't want to make a hundred of the exact same ad. You do need creative diversity, right? Then you want to call out the angle. What are you actually doing? Who are you actually selling to? Headline, CTA, and visual direction. So, that's how you're going to actually make the ads. And then you're either going to ship this off to somebody else to make it or you can go back and review the brief that you made and actually make it for yourself in Canva. Okay. So, I'll erase all this so you can actually take a screenshot or something of the actual framework of how you should be laying out your planning for static ads. Now, just to recap what actually makes a good ad, it speaks directly to the ICP. It creates a curiosity gap, triggers an emotional response response, and provides a clear path to a solution. And this is what makes the viewer feel like this is made for me. Like what I talked about in the beginning of the video, those ads that just hit you. They're just good ads, right? I know it's funny. I actually bought my girl some scams for Christmas. There was an ad. They just had an offer so good I just could not refuse. That's the kind of guy I am. I'm cheap, right? [laughter] I like I like good offers, especially. It's not even that I'm cheap that I don't want to spend the money, but I since I'm in ecom, if I ever see an ad with a really good offer, that's what makes me buy. So, we want to make the viewer feel like this is made for them. And the way that we do that is by not making generic ads that look like everybody else's. It's by doing good research, speaking to the ICP, and testing systematically. So, yeah. how to make good ads research framework that I gave you and test properly. So, I hope you learned something from this. If you made it to the end, don't forget to subscribe. And if you made it to the end, comment something like make better ads or better ads or something like that so I can see who the real ones are who made it to the end of the video. And if you are a direct consumer brand spending $50,000 a month or more on Meta and you don't want to take the time to build this out for yourself, you want a partner to come in and do it for you, good news. News flash, you're in the right place. I'm your guy. Just click the link below on our website. We have a bunch of case studies, testimonials, some work that we've done, and a full video walkthrough explaining exactly what we do. All right, see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @saeed_bdk [9 likes]: ❓What makes a good ad?
⚠4 core elements: Attention, Curiosity Emotion, Connection 
🎯Speaks to ICP's pain points
🎯Creates curiosity gap
🎯Triggers emotional response
🎯Provides clear solution
🎯Makes them feel, "it's for me"

❓How to make good ads?
Research > Framework > Test
10:45 ⭕Deep Research: Reddit, Reviews, Ad comments, Competitor research
12:30 ⭕Framework: Creative type, Angle, Headline, CTA, Visual direction


13:30 📽 Recap
  2. @krysttonjhonatan [2 likes]: That was a lesson, this beatiful video! tks brother, very nice!
  3. @TirenioluwaSamuel-b7h [2 likes]: Make better ads

This is really helpful!!
  4. @WillStevens-x5b [2 likes]: So much game in this video. Thanks 🙏
  5. @DonPhilipp [2 likes]: Better ads 🤝
  6. @SatvikCS [1 likes]: You are truly genius
  7. @AniekanUmanah-z5v [1 likes]: Better Ads
  8. @suwarno098 [1 likes]: thank you Mr.
  9. @hereyougo1782: good content, BTW clean the glass behinr you.
  10. @OdaaAncestral: Brazil Heree Bro !! Thanks
  11. @MagmuuStore: Make better ads
  12. @Createdbybalake: For UGC is it A: better to QB sneak the sale till the end or Strong hook open Curiosity loop, then sell the dream outcome of product
  13. @prod.heymiah: make better ads
  14. @JennyHansenLane: I want to make funny ads. ha
  15. @mrchrisames: make better ads
  16. @AustinBrooks-f3c: Make better ads
  17. @ShaeHatch: Fun fact, I put this transcript in Chat GPT 👀
  18. @kiragoldberg4348: Make better ads!
  19. @blizzydanny4507: Make real ads !!
  20. @Jolexo_69: Make better Ads bro

- How to make Meta Ad Creatives (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en Everyone teaches you how to push buttons in Ad Manager, but nobody teaches you how to think like a creative strategist, and that is exactly what I'm going to do in today's video. I'm Fraser, one of the co-founders at Fraggle. We work with DTOC brands that you see on your feeds every single day, and we have over 450 million in track ad spend. Today, I'm going to share with you the framework that we have used to help scale hundreds of DTOC brands. So, if you want to master how to think creatively, this is the perfect guide for you. Before we get into hook script production, let's get one thing straight. Meta ads are still just ads. And ads work because of human psychology. The principles haven't changed and since the print era. We're talking like madmen ads. Attention. You need to stop the scroll. Curiosity. You want to make someone want to find out more. Emotion. You need to make someone feel something. Make them laugh. Make them cry. Whatever. Just make them feel something. And the meta ads that actually work are the ones that tick all those boxes and they make a genuine connection with the potential customer. If you get that, then you're already one step ahead of 99% of the advertisers on Meta. So, next up, creative research. How do we actually get the ideas? I have written so many scripts. I have thought of so many concepts at this point that I feel like I could probably do most of this in my sleep. And I can tell you right now that the ideas do not come from staring at a blank Google doc. I've done that many times and it just simply doesn't work no matter how much you will it to happen. Instead, they come from research, deep and intentional research. We need to know as much as we possibly can do about the brands and the products that we're making ads for. I'm hoping if you are a brand owner, then you already know quite a lot about your brand, but do you know a lot about your customer? Because that is the secret unlock. So the key here is to learn more about your customer and the best place to do that is to go to the places where your customer hangs out. Essentially, you need to be fishing in the right ponds. A couple of best places to do this research. Number one being Reddit. There's a reason why 90% of searches on Google end with Reddit at the end of them is because it's a great place to find out the real opinion of others. Customers go there to complain. Customers go there to shout your praise. And if you have a look on there, then you will see a lot of information that you are not normally privy to. There's been times where we've literally print screened a Reddit thread and used that inner static because it was just absolute gold. In fact, I actually recently made a video on how you can use Reddit and AI to do exactly that. There's a link to it somewhere up here. Reddit is just an absolutely fantastic place to do a ton of research. Another one is your reviews. If someone has gone to the effort to leave a review on your website, they either love your product or they absolutely hate it. And so, it's a really great place to find out why people like your product and why people hate your product. Read your Amazon reviews if you're on there. Read your own reviews that people are submitting via your website. Go on Trust Pilot. All these places where people are leaving reviews about your brand and your products are great places to find out more about your customer. And when you're doing this, you want to look at patterns, potentially patterns you haven't even thought about. For example, are people saying they use your product when they're pregnant and you've never made an ad about your product being used for pregnant women? Well, there you go. That's an ad angle. You just come up with one just from reading your reviews. You'd be shocked how many times this happens. I download a client's reviews. I input them into chat GBT and I come up with like five or six use cases that they never even knew the product was being used for. The next one is your ad comments. If you are a brand that's spending a lot of money, the chances are your ads are getting a lot of engagement and so use that engagement because you've paid for it. So why don't you have a look at it and see if there's any hidden gems in there. Are people talking about your products in a positive light? Are they once again giving use cases? Your ads are essentially focus groups. It's people tagging friends in there. It's people talking about when and how they've used your product. And so you need to read these religiously. One of my favorite pastimes is whenever an ad comes up on my feed that we've made. I love going into the comments and I love reading them both to see what people think of the ad. It's a great way to get like honest feedback. Do people actually like this ad? But also just to learn more about how your customer speaks. What language are they using? Another great place is your competitor's ads. Obviously, ad library is somewhere that most marketers live at this point. You can search out any brand or phrase and you can see the ads that they're running. But also, you can use tools like foreplay where people are actively saving ads. You can click on them. you can discover more ads that people are saving live. It's a great place for inspiration in general, not just from your competitors. One thing to note here though is if you are only just copying your competitors, your ads are going to look like your competitors. And surprise surprise, if someone is into fitness, they're being targeted by you and all your competitors. So if your ads look like your competitors, then you are not going to stand out from the crowd and you are going to lose sales. So instead, if you're using these aggregate sites like Foreplay, look in different niches. Look at different types of ads that you could potentially bring to your product. And also finally, we've got AI. This kind of goes without saying, but this is probably one of the best ways to quickly research your brand. You can use Claude, you can use Chat GBT, you can use Gemini, whatever it is, they all kind of do the same thing. Some people say Gemini is great, other people say that chat GBT is great. Personally, I love Chat GBT. I think it's just really easy to use. I can use a deep research tool in there. It pretty much does exactly what I want it to, but I have started to dabble with other things like Gemini because, well, it's Google, in it. When you're conducting this research, it's really important that you like make a folder on Google Drive where you save all this research. Not only can it help further down the line when you're integrating AI into your workflow. You can input these research documents to give the AI context, but also it's just a great place just to revert back to to see how your customer compares now to how they did 3 years ago. Okay, so now we've done the research. That arguably is the longest part that most people don't want to do, but if you spend time on it, it will be the thing that gives you the creative edge. And of course, the more you do it, the better you will get at it and the faster you will be. But let's move on to the next thing. Let's talk about ideas and angle generation. There's a couple of ways that you can do this. You can literally just wing it if you want or you can use some kind of like idea matrix or something like that. At Fraggle, we often use like the angle, which is the idea, the concept. We think of a hook to go along with that, and then a format. So, the first thing we need to do is identify those angles, concepts, whatever you want to call them, it's all the same thing. But essentially, this is the core positioning, the core messaging of your ad. So, for example, if we're talking about protein bars, better tasting than the competitors could be one. Cleaner ingredients, that could be another one. And if we think of a use case, potentially it's more convenient for busy parents on the go. They are all messaging. They're key angles that we can target and most importantly we can test. So once I've got my messaging, I normally like to think of some kind of idea and then from that idea I like to think of a hook. And remember a hook is just the first like 3 seconds of your ad and its pure purpose is to capture attention. So let's say that we're going with the taste better than the competitors. Hook number one could be a taste test. Hook number two could be, "I've tried 10 of the top protein bars and this one's my favorite." And hook number three could be someone coughing up sand with the caption, "Most protein bars taste like the desert." We're thinking of fun, entertaining, educational ways in order to show people your idea, your messaging, to interest people, and potentially to open the loop. I always use this example, but think about Mr. Beast. He normally starts every single video by saying, "I locked 200 people in an ice cave and here's what happened." That is a hook and you're opening the loop because people have to watch the video to find out what happened. It's the same reason why on TV shows they say, "Tune in next week to find out if blah blah blah blah blah." We're opening the loop because people naturally want to close them. Next up is the format. Now, we don't always pick the format last. You can do these in any order. You could come up with a great hook and go, "That will make a great UGC video." Or you can come up with a messaging first. Or you might look at your ad account and go, "We need more founder ads. Now you've got your format first. Let's work that way instead." So just because I've listed it in this order does not mean that you necessarily have to do it. You just need these three things. So if we're talking about format, obviously there's a number of different formats for ads. We've got UGC ads, static ads, founder ads, podcast ads, the list goes on. And the idea here is that you can test a format with a messaging and then you can see how that performs. Is it a messaging that perhaps we could pursue a bit further? Maybe we could try that same messaging as a static. We're testing things to see what works because you might find a winning message that only works in a static format. You could find a format that only works with a specific messaging and the only way we're going to find that out is through testing. So, for example, the Black Stuff, a brand that we work with. We made a couple of ads for their new product, which was a new shower cloth. And the messaging was, "This shower cloth is better and cleaner than the current one that you have, which is probably a dirty washcloth." And so, we tried this in a couple of different formats. The first one being a podcast. >> So, one question we got asked is, "What is the biggest mistake guys make when showering?" >> Oh, man. It's definitely the washcloths they're using. So most guys don't realize after just a few uses those regular washcloths have got more bacteria on them than a toilet seat. >> And then we also wanted to try it in a UGC format which is this >> breaking news just in the average man's washcloth contains more bacteria than a dog's mouth. This thing is basically licking you clean every shower. >> You can see the ads are different. The format is obviously clearly different but the messaging is very very similar. The cloth that you are using now is inferior to what we have at the black stuff. And so now what we can do is test both of those and see what format works. What does the customer connect with the most that is essentially creative testing. That is creative strategy at the soul of it. Thinking up new ideas, different messaging, different format, testing them, see what works, see what performs best, and then scaling. Now we've got the angles, we've got the hooks. Now let's talk more about the formats, when to use them, and why we should use them. Because believe it or not, most formats actually belong in a certain funnel stage. Listen, we spoke about the funnel many a times before. Top, middle, and bottom of the funnel. All depends on how aware the customer is. So with that in mind, we also need to make sure that we tailor the format of the ad to how aware the customer is. So top of the funnel, this is where people have no idea who you are. They have never seen you. They've never heard of you before. Normally, these people are often also problem unaware. they have no idea what the problem is that you're also trying to solve. So, we need to educate them on a couple of things. Yourself and the problem that you fix. So, how do we do that? We want content that is very easy to consume and normally educational. UGC ads are a great example of this. They normally introduce you and the product in a natural and organic way. For example, this is one that we made for Aloha. >> Here is all the Aloha bars we got. Oh my god. I've tried Quest RX Bar kind, but it was Aloha Bars I kept reaching for in the end. >> A more recent trend that's come about is street interviews. These fit very well into the organic feed because it feels like something that you would see on your Tik Tok feed and therefore very good for introducing people to the brand and the product. This is one that we did for the black stuff. >> I want you to take a smell of this soap and tell me what you think it's made of. >> And another great example is founder ads. This is one of my favorites. This man discovered the secret to the perfect deodorant smell. If a man uses deodorant like this, then I'm sorry to say that that is no man. People really connect with story. Storytelling is becoming more and more important inside your meta ads. And founder ads in general fit that formula absolutely perfectly because you're telling the story of someone who had a problem and developed a product for that problem. We want to build trust. We want to build authority. We want to educate people. All this happens at the top of the funnel. Next, of course, is the middle of the funnel. People are a little more aware of you. They're probably problemaware. They might not be product aware yet, but we're going to get them there. And this is where things like mini VSSLs are absolutely perfect. Very, very heavy educational. We want to educate. We want to build some kind of desire. Also, another great example here which is really fast and easy to make and test are mashup ads. I've spoken about these numerous times. I think these are pretty incredible and every brand should be making them. Get an archive of all of your footage, of all of your UGC footage, raw stuff, no captions. Mash it all together with an AI voice over. Hey, presto. You can test these really quickly. Multiple different messagings and hooks. They're fantastic. Another great format for this is the podcast ad. These are a little bit hit and miss. They don't always work for every brand that we test them with. However, this example from the Cure app was one of their top performers in the ad account and was a real pleasure to make as well. >> What time do your cravings hit hardest? 9:00 [music] every single night. >> Tonight, I want you to try something that seems too simple to work, but changes [music] everything. >> What is it? >> 15 minutes with this and wake up with less cravings [music] tomorrow. Really educational, but most importantly, they position you and your product as the best and only solution. Now, bottom of the funnel, these people are pretty much ready to purchase. And so, usually what I suggest here is static ads. They're the easiest to pump out and normally give you the best results. Just a simple static ad can do absolute wonders for your ad account. Of course, we can have offerbased ads. These are where we drive a little bit of urgency here. We say, you know, you can get limited time 30% off because Meta is going to deliver these to people who are ready to purchase. They just need that extra push. And an offer can be just that. A video format we can use here is like testimonial compilations. You can get these by simply reaching out to your customers. Give them something for free and they record you a video. It's like UGC but real UGC. We do quite a lot of these for the black stuff and honestly the results are pretty astounding sometimes. You'll be shocked how many customers you have that absolutely love your product. The format should always match the intent, not just the trend. I mentioned street interviews and I mentioned podcasts. These are trendy formats. To be honest, I don't know whether they'll stick around. They haven't really been around for that long. And so you need to make sure that when you're doing this, you don't put all your eggs in one basket. Make sure you try multiple different formats with the same messaging. In fact, I've recently made a video with my top 10 ad formats that are converting like crazy right now. If you want to watch that, there is a link up there as well. You might want to check out that before deciding exactly what you're going to invest your money into. A great example here is Leaf Shave, right? We used UGC videos at the top of the funnel to introduce people to the products and show a use case and show real people using it, but then we use VSSLs to further educate people on why they exist and why you should choose Leaf over anybody else. Different formats for different parts of the funnel. Now, finally, let's talk about actually producing these ads. Honestly, there's no real secret formula to this. At Fraggle, we really do make it all. We have a huge studio here. 2 and a half thousand square foot of content creation madness which allows us to make you know studio level high production ads but then we can also make really ugly scrappy UGC or quickly mash together mashup videos or even polished founder ads we can really do it all here because sometimes it is needed finding an agency that can do all these things is sometimes required but for some other people perhaps you're a small-time founder then you might want to look at doing you know formats that you can actually produce. Well, every single brand, no matter the level, they all run meta ads. Mercedes-Benz, they run ads. The $20 t-shirt brand, they also run meta ads. Different production levels, same ad, same attention game. But regardless of the production level, regardless of whereabouts you are, it's a couple of core principles. Number one, speed beats perfection. At the end of the day, it's going to be the ad that you spend the less time on that's going to be the best performing. So, if you have an idea, go and make it. It doesn't matter on the format. Sometimes you just need to get it out and test it. Don't spend four weeks perfecting one ad because the chances are it might not perform. Clarity over aesthetics. Listen, you can make an ad look absolutely beautiful, but if you're not getting the point across to the viewer of the video, it's completely pointless. I watched an ad recently and it looked brilliant. I had no idea what was going on and so I turned it off because clarity it always wins. And finally, your editing should serve the emotion of the ad. Your editing should simply amplify what you want your customer to feel, not distract from it. I see so many videos where it's just full of cheap transitions that they've downloaded from a template website and there's no actual substance. They've just tried to polish a turd. You can put as much glitter as you want on it. It's still a turd. The beauty of meta ads is that the more researched, the more well-rounded your ad is, the better it's going to perform. And you're going to get firsthand data as well. You're going to actively see retention graphs. You're going to see numbers on how well your ad is performing that you can then use to make better ads. And there we go. You now know the exact formula that we use here at Fraggle to make top performing ad creatives. And this is the exact framework we use. By the way, we scaled seven, eight, and nine figure DTOC brands with exactly what I've just taught you. So, if you happen to be a brand that's spending over 70,000 on Ad Creative, I would absolutely love to have a conversation with you. So, just scan the QR code on the screen or click the link down below and you can book a call with me and me and you can have a little face to face. And if you do want to see more videos like this and you want to learn more about creative strategy and ad creative in general, then please do subscribe. It's been a real joy to see the channel thrive over the past couple of months. Leave a comment if you have any questions and also of course like the video and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @hometidiness8944 [5 likes]: Ooooh thaaaat's exactly the type of content i was looking for, thank you so much Fraser ( Discovery of the year )
  2. @educationchannel-gr2ch [2 likes]: This is really useful. Thanks for sharing with everyone.
  3. @intermarketingagency1 [1 likes]: How do you do these visuals!!!!!!!
  4. @onisim_32 [1 likes]: Man, honestly, thank you! Best content for creative strategy!
  5. @olifitzer [1 likes]: super helpful thanks brother
  6. @adriavillaret4599: You've got amazing advice brother
  7. @dangfutalan: Thanks for the ad formats!! This was what I was searching for!!
  8. @sabrinagiannoni: do you have a course or teaching space?
  9. @WHOSNEXT_STORIES: Is this trick working for photography business?pls rply
  10. @dontknow258: Why he is so good and great advices with. Loving his video day by day
  11. @xray5043: If I wash myself with soap im clean. If I do my laundry with soap it's clean. If I wash my wash cloth with soap after use and let it air dry it's dirty 🤔
  12. @Anan-ow4id: I actually bought a Leaf shaver from an ad i saw. I had no idea you guys were behind it. Excellent work it was straight to the point and made me believe it was the perfect product for me (it still is) which shows how effective your ads actually are
  13. @cristian.daczo1: Sick video , can you make a video about making Iterations of your best ads, like lets say you make a batch of ads and 1 ad performs well and the other 2 flop, what do you do next, I hear people say double down on what is working but how do you actually do that, what does that look like, please make a video about this🙏🙏
  14. @ghulam.hafeez786: Thank you sir your great teacher
  15. @pedroz3891: Great content. 
This could be a 3 hour lesson that I would love to watch haha
I understand that the video needs to be fast for youtube retention, so I'm pausing and taking notes.
It's not easy to find quality videos about ads indeed
  16. @In.experto.simracing: Man , I love you! You open my mind. I’m new here and I’m starting my business 🙌🏻
  17. @loganselk9183: What does it cost to work with you guys?
  18. @geoffatavoncliffe221: Ok Frazer but how do I find out about my customer?  I publish book on the worlds biggest marketplace, Amazon, and that the one bit of information Amazon KDP wont release to us.  In fact I think it against there T&Cs to connect the buyer directly.
  19. @silviagherasim509: Wow that is great content and info 🎉
  20. @safiullah00: Really loved your video.

My question is I have a client who has an ai product which tells the calories and macros of the food. 
I want to create ada for him. Which format should I go with 1st? Ugc, or something else

- The Best Hooks for Meta Ads 2026: Kind: captions Language: en the first 3 seconds of your ad is going to determine whether you're going to make money or burn it and after analyzing millions of dollars in ad spend this year I found the hooks that are dominating right now some of these are brand new while some of these have evolved and one of them I've seen dominate across nearly every single product in Industry that I've tested it out on so far so it's a very easy win now for every video creative that I test I actually test out four unique hook variations because even though the best ad won't work if you can't stop the scroll and we can't place all of our hope in just one hook so let's break down the top hook styles that are winning so far in 2025 plus how to use them in our own ads and be sure to let me know your brand or product in the comments and I will personally suggest a hook for you to test out all I ask is that you like and subscribe the first hook trend is what I like to call the go against the tradition hooks these hooks call out a status quo or a commonly held belief and then immediately challenge it they work because they disrupt expectations and challenge people on what they think they thought they knew this creates instant Intrigue and curiosity now how to use them I've actually found the best way to use them is to make sure you call out the tradition directly in the hook this is perfect for product education ads where you need to encourage someone to try something new it also works really well with before and after visuals to help show that transformation and then hook number two conversational hooks no because because these don't even feel like Hooks and that's exactly why they work they come across as hyper authentic and to be honest I've seen them work across both paid and organic content across multiple Industries some of the ways that you can use this Hook is actually how I started off by sharing this hook with you guys by using the phrase no because or okay these or wait why is this XYZ I actually first tested this out on my own personal content as a suggestion from Julia Bloom and it was one of my top performing andic posts from last year no because the creatives that people love to share online do not actually work these TRS work because they make users feel like they're jumping into a conversation that's already happening which forces them to pause and play catchup which is a natural hack at gaining people's attention now these are super easy to test you can simply tweak the beginning of any video and it really works with any type of Creator content from B2B to Beauty to apparel if you have a few Creator briefs that you're working on right now this is a very easy one to add in but a common question that I often get asked is hey what if I don't have Creator content or I want to literally try out this strategy right now this is where story blocks comes in one of my favorite ways to replicate the feel of ugc without relying on creators is by combining highquality story blocks footage with Native text overlays in a conversational tone for example you could use a quick clip of someone scrolling on their phone with one of these messaging strategies or you could pair a high energy reaction shot with okay these are insane as the opening line with millions of stock Clips templates and image assets story blocks makes it insanely easy to create scroll stopping performance ad creative even if you don't necessarily have Creator content on hand the best part is is you're going to have full usage rights for all content making it 100% legal to use even for ads it's literally instant content you don't have to learn a new AI solution or wait for a Creator to shoot the content or God forbid schedule a video shoot to get unlimited downloads for One Flat Rate Check out storyblocks at story blocks.com darad Denny or click the link in the description and now hook number three viral product hooks so when I was conducting research for this video and analyzing the ad creative from the brands that I work with one thing was very clear that ads that still tap into virality are still absolutely crushing it in 2025 even though I feel like it's a little bit boring to talk about this is honestly one of the few hooks that I've seen work for years without necessarily losing steam or fatiguing and that's because people love what's already popular it creates social proof and proves to people that they're making right investment simple proof in numbers y'all but I have noticed a few angles that consistently work number one product reviews this is going to leverage curiosity and social proof and number two founder stories which really builds credibility and more of that emotional connection these type of ads are perfect for beauty Wellness fashion skincare anything where virality really helps Drive demand it also works really great with ugc reaction clips and before and after Transformations a really easy way way to test this is just to Simply add this text overlay over your top performing app and if your product hasn't gone viral yet try framing this idea around a viral movement instead something like this and number four reaction hooks very similar to conversational hooks reaction hooks work really well because they really hinge on that authentic reaction that authenticity notice the trend they make ads feel real unscripted and unprompted which is exactly why why they drive strong performance so here's an easy win for your next creative brief simply brief in the opportunity for your creator to give those natural reactions while testing out your product and it's interesting over the last few years I've seen this really common during Black Friday Cyber Monday during when times of gifting are really popular but this year I've really seen these reaction-based ads dominate in Beauty and Industry and it's something that I'm trying out across all the brands that I'm working with and my expert tip here is to combine this with any of the other hooks that I'm going to show in this video it makes for an even stronger ad and hook number five controversy ads the power of polarization so leaning into negative marketing has been a top performing strategy on meta for the last few years hooks like these now I'm not going to lie these are still working pretty well in 2025 but I've seen that leaning into more controversial hooks are even more powerful so instead of highlighting a flaw or turning the positive to a negative these ads actually try to introduce debate and draw skepticism which forces viewers to kind of see what the fuss is all about so yes I would actually say these hooks are super similar to the breaking the tradition type of AD creative and I will say going against the grain is in the fabric of American society which is why I think these ads work so well here some examples of controversial hooks I actually got targeted this one from my old client and immediately when I saw big pH stand out I immediately stopped the scroll and was like I'm tuning in ultimately these type of hooks create instant Intrigue because they're identifying a common enemy a hot take or just another controversy and the best part is is whether or not people agree or disagree with your statement you're very likely to get a lot more engagement by using these ads people are going to share people are going to debate which is going to further push the algorithm to put out your ad my two big tips here is these are great for products that are challenging some type of norm and also definitely test out using the actual word controversy I have found that that really does Drive quite a bit of performance and if you want me to help pick the best hook for your product or brand be sure to let me know in the comments below and I will reply with my top pick for you personally and hook number six trigger hooks words that stop the scroll some words immediately trigger an emotional or psychological response causing people to stop react and engage with your ad and these words aren't just catchy or superflous they really do tap into deeply rooted human emotions like desire embarrassment loathing and anxiety I've analyzed thousands of ad creatives this year alone and I've noticed again and again that a lot of the top performers are ones that just have words that have that extra special um here's actually a list of some of my favorite trigger words to use in ad creative there are trigger words that Drive curiosity and Intrigue fear and anxiety shock and controversy desire emotion and anger and resentment and of course we got a few of these in action right here now here's an easy way that you can test this right now before launching any AD creative I actually upload my top performing hooks into chat GPT and ask it to enhance them with emotional trigger words this is a really simple step but has actually increased the performance on a lot of my ad creatives recently definitely try it and hook number seven demographic hooks this is honestly the top performing hooks so far in 2025 now I talked about demographic hooks in last year's video but here's the thing it is still driving the best performance today in 2025 and I'm not really surprised about it here's two reasons why number one they help meta accurately Target your creative so these days meta doesn't really rely on interest targeting or lookalike targeting to drive results I haven't really seen great performance coming out of those audiences lately it's really coming more out of Advantage Plus audiences or just broad open targeting but what meta does use to help Target your customers is by looking at the actual meta data inside of your ad creative so things like your imagery and your messaging which yes does include your text overlay so when you call out a specific demographic in your hook meta takes that as a strong targeting signal and helps deliver your ads to those right people and number two another reason why this works is this type of AD creative is inherent more top of funnel so instead of targeting by problem or even product you're actually targeting more by identity this tends to increase scalability because you're talking to a lot bigger audience without actually needing them to be already problem aware so my big tip here is to think about how your users categorize thems this can be by age by job title lifestyle affiliation and even potentially health conditions if you aren't testing out demographic hooks in 2025 you are probably leaving a lot of money on the table hook number the multiple hook hook now this is a trend that I've seen more and more this year I think it's one of the easiest ways to improve ad creative performance without actually making net new ads and simply instead of just relying on one hook this method actually Stacks two to three hooks to create a sort of hook reel at the beginning of your ad I've seen this prevent drop off in the first few seconds by really keeping that engagement high and it can also appeal to multiple psychological triggers at once like identity controversy demographic targeting you can literally just combine everything that we're talking in this video and it is very easy to test just edit existing High performers by adding an extra hook at the start some winning combinations that I've seen work really well include demographic plus controversy hooks demographic plus anti-traditional product Hooks and hook number nine the how do I know if hook your users already have these questions in mind the second they discover your product or service and how do I know if it's right for me this look directly Taps into that uncertainty which is why it's so effective it mirrors the exact same thoughts that your customers are having in real time making the ad feel instantly relevant and to be honest it feels more like a genuine conversation than a traditional ad and it automatically frames the ad from the viewer's perspective instead of the Brand's perspective and this one's very easy all that you have to do is start your hook with how do I know if insert common consumer objection if you want an ad that instantly resonates with your audience or if you're trying to make your ad creative feel more genuine and authentic this is absolutely the ad creative to test next and hook number 10 the speed and transformation hook which shows fast results and visible change the way that I know that a brand is going to crush it on meta ads is if they can number one provide what appears to be an easy solution to someone's problem that promises really quick change think about it this is why Beauty and cosmetics do so well on meta ads because the reality is people don't just want results they want fast invisible proof that their product is actually going to deliver on the promise that's why combining speed with a before and after transformation makes this hook one of the strongest I've seen so far in 2025 it Taps into instant gratification and combining it with before and after visuals show that the product actually works the best way to use this is to use time based phrases which creates urgency and drives Intrigue ultimately speed gets attention and transformation builds trust use both and you got a winning hook all right I just gave you the top 10 best performing hooks so far in 2025 and now I want to hear from you let me know which ones you're most excited to test out in the comments below and if you haven't already hit like And subscribe so you won't miss my next ad creative breakdown love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [17 likes]: Hey everyone! There has been such a great response for hooks, I'm so honored :) 

If you are subscribed to the channel (I can see a little button on my side!), I will be sure to respond to you with the hooks within a day or so. Love you guys!!
  2. @starfox300 [2 likes]: How can you write "women over 40, listen up" when it violates Facebook's personal attributes rules?
  3. @samfouzir983: The name of our company is slickyblocks.. We are an AI website builder that includes SEO, ecommerce, marketing tools... we are small and competing against big players like shopify and wix.. Its hard to get a good hook in my industry. what do you recommend.. Great channel FYI
  4. @karenabbott9908: Great video!  thank you! - paid ads car insurance
  5. @Mrumer-si3fn: i have party accessories niche. what's the best hook for me?
  6. @jeffmccreary-d4j: Essential Oil Lotion for pain
  7. @thrivebestnaturally: Thank you so helpful. I'm not sure which to apply first they all have their benefits.
  8. @BLINDTRAVELLER_12: I love you so so much... ❤
  9. @withdreamkeeper: Good for skincare brands?
  10. @ClariceMiss: What hook do you suggest for an RnB singer?! :) ( I know this one is a tough one...)
  11. @bgdtwellness: Hi! Thank you for this video. We offer Ketamine therapy, GLP-1 treatment, and Gene Testing.
  12. @VictoriaHostSecrets: Love your content!  I am starting a sauna and pergola building company for residential home owners wondering what would be the best hook!!??😊
  13. @iannicholson651: Mortgage Broker
  14. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  15. @FotisVasilis: Hi! I’m running a digital project! It’s a faceless brand that sells premium playbooks, templates, and guides to help freelancers, solopreneurs, and creators grow online without showing their face. can you please give me some hook ideas? thank you so much!
  16. @SamuelOgunjimi: I own an insurance agency. We offer whole life insurance plan
  17. @DigitalSurge-vs: suggest hook for algo trading masterclass.
Really loved your video
  18. @davidsantamaria2380: We offer private tennis sessions in Miami. Can you recommend a hook for us?
  19. @HAMZABROUD: Real estate
  20. @dassimakopoulos: I am a chiropractor with a special interest in treating jaw pain. Can you recommend a hook for me?

- How to Write Winning Meta Ad Scripts ($450M Spent): Kind: captions Language: en After producing over 10,000 ads that's tied to 450 million in ad spend, I'd say I finally cracked the code of writing ad scripts that always perform. And there's no secret system. There's just a simple formula that you follow and ends in a well-performing ad. So, let's kick things off straight away with the first thing that every single good script needs and that is a hook. A hook works in a couple of key departments. The first one is the visual hook. What is the visual thing happening in the video that is going to hook the consumer? And then the script part, the copyrightiting, what's text is on the screen, what text is being said in a voice over. In fact, I've made a video on exactly that, how you can craft really great hooks. I go over what makes a good visual one, what makes a good audio one. But for the purposes of script writing, let's just focus on the actual words. >> How the leaf thorn is saving people. So, if you look at this example that we made for Leaf Shave, the guy says, "How the leaf thorn is saving people paired with an image of them holding the product covered in shaving foam." The reason we did this is cuz it actually proved really well in another video where we had a woman completely covered from head to toe in shaving cream. So, we did the same thing here. And then split screen underneath is them making the foam as well. So, there's a couple of visual cues that are going to tie in the customer here, but then audibly the actual script, what they're saying, we're enticing them into the video with curiosity. People might have no idea what the leaf thorn is, but they're intrigued because somehow it's saving people. The hook is arguably one of the most important factors of any video ad. Without a good hook, people will bounce and they won't ever buy your product. You are competing for attention on the feed and everybody wants that attention. So, the better the hook, the more relevant the hook is to your customer, the better chance you have that they're going to convert. I'd say one of the best psychological principles to use when creating a hook is curiosity. People love to watch something just to find out what happens. It's the same reason why if I told you not to think of a big pink elephant, you're probably going to think of a big pink elephant. We have this thing in our brain that makes us curious and makes us want to know more information or want to think about something. And so using that in your hook is a great way to grab people. A side note here, when you are making your hooks, you need to make sure that they are relevant to your customer. I've seen people have incredible hook rates, but the hook is not relevant in the slightest. And you can tell that by the hold rate being incredibly low. People aren't sticking around to watch the rest of the video. So once we've got the hook out of the way, the next thing we need to do is build the body of the script. One of my favorite script formats is the villain versus hero. I've spoken about this a few times on the channel because it always gives me consistent winning results and it's essentially when you show your product as the hero and an industry or a competitor product or perhaps even a habit as the villain. For example, let's say that you are selling a product that stops people from biting their nails. Then the villain of the piece is that urge to bite your nails. The hero your product that saves the day because it has stopped you from biting your nails. That is the script format we're going to be using. I'm going to be showing you throughout this entire video. So, make sure you stick around. In fact, we use it in this ad here for leaf shave. >> Clogged cartridge versus leaf razor. This is why your razor clogs so much. The head is so densely packed with plastic that it leaves no room for foam and hair to pass through. And this moisture strip is a gunk magnet. And it's we're showing a traditional razor and then we're breaking down why this razor sucks and why you simply shouldn't use it. We're displaying traditional cartridge razors as the villain >> full of undesirable ingredients. So why not take all that out, replace the body with sleek metal and self-insert blades? Then you'd have the [music] leaf razor clog test. >> And then we present the hero of the piece, in this case, the leaf [music] razor. And then we even go a step further because we demonstrate why cartridge razors are so bad. >> Leaf [music] rinse test. Leaf efficiency goes to the leaf razor. break up with the plastic and for >> because that's the other part of this script. Whenever you make some kind of claim, it's a really good idea to back it up with some kind of results, whether that's a medical study or an actual physical visual test that you can see in the video like we did here. Because you can say something to someone, but then showing it in action, showing the claim be true is instantly going to make them feel more confident in purchasing your product. The important thing to remember when you're writing these types of scripts is that when you're talking about your villain, you need to make them possibly seem worse than they are. Let's go back to that nailbiting example from before. You can do some research into the side effects that come from nailbiting and you can say how awful it is for your health. You can get infections, you can get hangails, all these different things because we're really kind of twisting the knife essentially. We want people to really feel hatred for this villain because then it makes it even more effective when you swoop in being the hero of the piece and your product comes to save the day. Think about any Marvel film that you've ever watched. They really make you hate the enemy, the villain. You see them tearing down Gotham City. You see them taking someone hostage. They do all these things so that in your brain you really hate this villain. But then as soon as the hero of the piece comes around, everything changes. You love Superman. you love Batman because they're here to save the day. And that's the exact same thing we want to do in these scripts. And that I think is probably one of the reasons why the script works so well is because it's something that people don't usually see in video ads. We're trying to tell a bit of a story here instead of just trying to sell them a product. So just to recap, the core things we have so far is the hook. That's section one. We need to grab attention. The next one is to introduce our villain of the piece and tell them why this villain is the worst. Thirdly, we want to introduce your product as the hero who is here to make everything way better. The fourth is the demo. We want some proof behind your claims. That can come in an actual demo like we saw or maybe even some social proof. And then part number five is your CTA. Where can people actually go to buy your product? A dozen times over in razor [music] refill savings. You can replace the blades for literally cents, whereas a cartridge is like $5 [music] per refill. Order your Leaf Razor today. >> And your CTA can really be that simple. You just need to inform people of where they can buy your product and maybe how much it is. If you've got a really compelling offer, you can throw that in there as well. People are going to take action if they don't know what action they need to take. You can also spice up this format with throwing in maybe some benefits. For example, in this same leaf shave example, we talk about how price efficient a leaf razor actually is. >> Smooth lifestyle, plastic free, and more affordable. Seriously, [music] I know it's more expensive, but this will pay for itself a dozen times over in razor [music] refill savings. You can replace the blades for literally cents, whereas a cartridge is like $5 [music] per refill. >> And the reason that we included that inside this video was because we have a lot of comments of people saying that it's really expensive or it's not affordable. And so we directly put a section within this video to combat that. So throughout the video, they go on a bit of a journey. They have their attention grabbed. They understand the problem and the villain of the piece, which is cartridge razors. They understand the hero, which is the leaf razor. And then they understand how it works and why it's so great with the product proof. And then we even throw in an extra benefit to help them with that doubt because they might not understand why it costs so much. And then finally, we throw in a CTA so that they know what to do after they've watched the video. It's the most simple format. I'd suggest that you go ahead and you actually learn how to write these scripts yourself, but if you want, you could use something like Gemini, for example. I don't have any specific prompts. I'd love to give it to you if I did. But usually, I just say that you want to already be aware going into the prompting stage that you know who this villain is so you can tell it that and then you want to present your product as the hero. If you have those two things, going into it and building a script in something like Gemini or Claude, whatever, is going to be much easier. Now, I know that throughout this video I've kind of shown the same brand, but I really want to show you another example of another niche where this exact format works. So, this is an ad that we made for Underbrush, which are a chewing gum brand. >> Your gum contains the same plastic compounds as partile. Polyvinyl acetate, udyne styrene. You're literally chewing rubber while it destroys your enamel. Underbrush uses real tree sap and rebuilds. >> So, what do we do for the first like 10 seconds of that video? We talk about how traditional gum is made out of all these random chemicals and that you're basically just chewing on rubber and then we present underbrush as the better alternative. We continue to educate people on the product and why it's so gray and the benefits of it. But it all started by building up this villain which is the traditional gum industry. And then we want to plant underbrush as the hero. You see how this format works. Even in shorter videos like this one, you can still build a narrative. You might not be able to twist the knife quite as much in the start of it, but you'll definitely still be able to build that narrative. Script writing is probably one of the most valuable skills that any creative strategist can have. And it's not a skill that you can just learn overnight. You need to do the reps and you need to learn the skills over and over again. The more scripts you write, the better they will be. Honestly, at this point, I've lost track of how many that I've written and the amount of scripts that I've taught people how to write. And also, how many people I've advised to not use AI and learn the skill before you lean on AI to write those scripts. The better that you understand what goes into a great script, the better you can guide an AI into writing one for you. Like I mentioned at the start of the video, this is the exact format that we use at Fraggle to make some killer creatives right now in 2026. And if you want to go deeper and learn my entire process of how to make killer meta ad creatives, I've got a video exactly for you. You can watch that one next if you want. And if you happen to be a DTOC brand that's spending over 70,000 on ads, I would love to have a conversation with you. There's a link down below to apply or you can scan the QR code on the screen. As always, hit the subscribe button if you've enjoyed this. Plenty more videos like this to come this year and I'll see you in the next one. Bye-bye. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @brotherbuilt_official [5 likes]: I have never commented on a youtube in my life but think now it´s time. Your whole account is such a great source of information. You answer THE questions that nobody else would. Please keep it going you are to be a 100% honest AMAZING. I hope you see this Fraser.
  2. @eyecprofitt [5 likes]: when is the  ad creative course coming out?
  3. @OVitorJota [4 likes]: golden content fraser
  4. @anuraglfc4lyf [2 likes]: Thanks again
  5. @Ranknora2 [1 likes]: Gold information
  6. @avneetkaur1545 [1 likes]: How can we get the pattern interrupt visuals ?? Script is sometimes okay to write after a research - but we stuck at visuals like for a particular product how we can get the pattern interrupt visuals 

Like really here’s where I get stucked most of the times - but really really like your way of explaining - a huge thanks fraser 

Would love if you can launch a course for people who want to research for scripts & visuals effectively - because main thing starts here
  7. @Shashwat_real [1 likes]: Fraser, could you please tell me who does your thumbnails? They're great, and I'd love to connect
  8. @cristian.daczo1: Whats the way to get starting with learning scriptwriting? I would really appreciate some instructions
  9. @ChrisMenendez609: What Elevenlabs voice were you using for the razor ad?
  10. @sksw23: you're so goood at this that you made me want to buy the razor 😂😂😭😭
  11. @sufers2.0: Edit💀 motion graphics 🥷
  12. @WalkerLeVan: How's the new course coming along? :)
  13. @ICEBATHPRO: can you make video on how to do this when we dont have access to UGC
  14. @stanislav3114: when were you making these ads for leaf shave? I'd love to find them on Facebook ads library to study
  15. @koffee_weird1619: Hi Fraser, I am a new sub, your content has been really helpful 

But I have a question, something that has been confusing me 


What’s the meaning of a concept 
What does a new video concept mean 
Are they for example podcast styles, car talking videos 
Is it the same thing as an angle 
What makes a good concept 
I’d really appreciate your answer cause ChatGPT seems to be confusing me even further
  16. @cristian.daczo1: Hey Fraser, can you please correct my defintion of the Angle (i'm soo confused): 

For example: Coffee doesn’t give focus — it creates unstable stimulation.

This is your Core Message that you are trying to portray to your customer through your ad. (what you want the customer avatar to believe)

The Angle is the strategic approach you present this message in your ad, it can be presented as this information was found by a research in China lets say and therefore this is called a Discovery angle, OR you may communicate this message through explaining the mechanism of how coffee is bad for you as it spikes the cortisol and then you get the afternoon crash and then how to fix it with our product and therefore this is a Mechanism Reveal angle.  

I think I am a bit off here so can you please redirect me and give me an example so I can easily understand it?🙏🙏🙏
  17. @RyaneTully: When you get a winning ad, how do you decide how much money to re-invest in it? e.g. if its a 8x ROAS, I assume you pump as much money into it - but maybe if its 3.2x you'll only reinvest 25%?

Would love to understand how you go about making that decision.

- The Fundamentals of Crafting a COMPELLING MESSAGE by Darcy Juarez | Magnetic Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en so we need to know the demographics everybody this is something that anytime anyone talks about knowing their customer most people go out and find right this is easy to find the demographics we can know what that are that's who they are right we need to know who they want to be so when you listen to that clip from ed rusch that was all about what that car buyer wanted to be what he wanted to look like what he wanted to feel like we wanted to be aspirationally and emotionally what do they value so when we talk about how they buy so people buy for different reasons much of that is on what they value where they place that value and then the conversations that are going on in their heads okay this is the harder one conversations that are going on in their heads these are the things that they don't outwardly tell you so that entire conversation that rush was having there role-playing was all about the conversation that was going on in the head

  Top Comments:
  1. @francescoricciardimarketin7112 [1 likes]: Where can I buy magnetic marketing

- How To Use The Direct Response Ad Copy Writer Template: Kind: captions Language: en-US Introducing Promptmate's 'Ad Copy Writer for High Ticket Services' template. Your one-stop solution for crafting persuasive long form ad copy for your high-ticket service. First, copy the service web page U.R.L. Then go back to the promptmate template and paste it in the input field. Then, click on "Run". The first prompt will analyze the service's web page content and write a long form body copy based on Hopkins principles of scientific advertising. It will also write a headline for it! Remember that you can download the results as a CSV file or open directly on Google Spreadsheet. As you can see, this template can write ad copies that highlight benefits, include evidence, address pain points, create a strong call-to-action, and end with a compelling closing. It ensures your ad copy grabs attention, engages, and drives action effectively. For more information visit promptmate.io. The only tool you need, to skip to the finish line.

- How To Make Static Ads That Scale to $100K/mo: Kind: captions Language: en I think I just stumbled across some of the worst ads I've ever seen. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we can easily turn an ad from ass to cash in a few minutes. So, with that being said, let us begin. So, this is the first ad. Voted the best lowc cost herinade on the market 2022. Now, you might look at this and go, I mean, it's not so bad. It's not so bad. But the problem is that this is a very selfish headline. Oh, it's about me. Voted the best. We're the best. Nobody cares. Nobody actually gives a damn that you're voted the best. You need to make them care about you first before they care that you are voted the best. Somebody needs to know what you do, who you are, and what why you're the best first before caring about the social proof. And also, their CTA has like zero urgency. 99 for a limited time. Anybody can say that. When you're making ads, try and think, what can I say that nobody else can say? That's something that you need to be thinking of. When is this going to happen? How many days? And to be honest, if you just left this here on the right, that would have been enough social proof paired with a good headline here. So, let me show you how we're actually going to fix this with the saucy ad. So, we start with hearing the birds outside without spending 5K. Wow. Why does this work? You're pairing a desire with a reduced risk. And that risk is spending $5,000, which is what a lot of people have to do to get the same result. So, instead, you're saying you can get this without something. Powerful type of hook. Then, you're just showing the ranking. Okay? Show not tell. We don't have to tell them that we're the best. Look how good we are. No, just show the ranking. And then lastly, we're clearing out our last 200 pairs before summer ends. Grab your hearing aids whilst they're $99. And I'm also showing what the actual price is. Usually, this is not only a strong bottom offunnel conversion ad. It can help somebody who's on the fence between deciding whether they should get some kind of surgery or some expensive buds or go with these ones. And it also gives you a timeline so you go, "Okay, cool. or they're clearly trying to get rid of that 200 pairs. Let me go in and see if there are some pairs left. And so, I just want to show you how easy it is to actually create ads like this. All we had to do was change the headline and change the urgency. And that's it. It's going to perform a whole lot better. But the next ad is something that I was shocked to see when I was searching. I thought it was a prank. I was looking for the cameras, but in fact, it's real. And it's this ad here. Yeti, come on, man. You can do a lot better than that, bro. I actually nearly flipped my MacBook when I saw this ad. Creative summer clearance sale only $19.98. What? What am I supposed to What am I supposed to feel here? And and and which of these is 1998? Cuz surely this little one here and this one here are not both 1998. Cuz right now, I don't really care about a summer sale until you make me care about a summer sale. I understand that this is meant to be a bottom offunnel ad. I understand this is an offerbased ad. I get it. But it doesn't mean you have to put zero effort into your ad creative and you're actually just wasting money. You're giving Zuck free money. Zuck's there counting his keys. Just like this person really thinks it's going to do well. And even if this worked, you can probably double your conversions in a very simple way. And I'm going to show you how with this juicy ad right here. Keep your beer ice cold for days and save over $200. Okay. Okay. I'm getting a big trim ahead. Keep my beer nice and cold for a few days. So, I have my desire and we're going to save over $200. And now we're leading with social proof. I forgot my drinks in this for 5 days. When I came back, there was still ice in there. It kept my drinks. I see the entire camp weekend. Wow. That is how you find golden nugget testimonials that you can add in your ads to actually help them sell for you. These are things people have said. Use them. Summer clear out. Grab your cooler for 1998 before they run out. And we're also showing the exact cooler that is 1998, so there's no ambiguity. You're telling me that if you you right now watching this video, you saw this or you saw that, would you really click on this? If you did, just leave the video. But if you were going to click on this one, you best leave a like on the video. Before I get into the next ad, which honestly is just it's just lazy at this point. I'm going to show you the behind the scenes of how I actually create eyes like this and what it really takes. And all it takes is using my deep research protocol, which you can find inside Ad Creators Lab. This is a community that I built. literally just for brand owners making less than 100k a month. If you want to escape the $200 a day trap by showing you how to actually do deep research so you can find exactly what your customer cares about, what words they use so that when they see an ad, they go, "Is meta spying on me?" That's what you want to do. And so I show you how we script our winning ads. I give you our winning ads from over $100 million in ad spend, step by step how I make them. And I pair you up with video editors and UGC creators who can make those creative for you. And every single week on a Wednesday, I go through and I roast your ads to make sure that you're doing well. The first 20 members get a free one-to-one call with me. So, if you want to actually escape the $250 a day jail, then click the link below and join ACL. Okay, so this ad right here, the actual headline is is good. Okay, like check marks. It's actually a really good one. It's calling back to Muhammad Ali, float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. So, for this kind of product, which is a honey preworkout, it works. Good job, whoever did this. The problem is that it's lazy because just that is not enough to make somebody go, "Okay, I'm going to go cuz I want to float like a butterfly." That's not how it work. It would only work to those that understand the reference, but not everybody will. And also, I had to zoom in here to know that this is supercharged honey. If I'm seeing this on my phone, you're not going to see this until you zoom in on unless you read the text above. So, how can we actually make this ad better so that it points us to a desire and makes us want to get this thing? I'll show you. Just you wait. We start with the same headline. We haven't changed that. I think that's good. Good work from you guys. But we have changed the background. We have paired up a gym, a boxing gym with float like a butterfly. We have given benefits. Stay focused whilst training hard. Push harder with more endurance. Gentle on your stomach. Stay energized without crashing. Energize your inner athlete the natural way. And so what we have done is we have given so many benefits that make you go, "Oh, okay. This is interesting." And we have clearly shown supercharged honey in the middle. So you can actually see it. Also, these things that we have found in our research were things that people wanted to know about it. Gentle on your stomach. Is this going to hurt my stomach? No, because when you have pre-workout, that's not gentle on your stomach. It actually makes you feel sick. Like, will this give me a crash? No, it won't. And it'll actually make me perform better. Super easy change. Drop a comment if you like this one better. But the next ad is something that a lot of drop shippers think is the right way to do ad creative. It's something that people will see one video about. Oh, let's make this ad format. Copy it. And this is kind of the mistake that happened. And that's by Photon Pearl Candle. This is what I call a benefits or features benefits call outs where you basically put the product in and you have different call outs. However, the call outs are pretty bad. Eco-friendly, reduces waste, endless style options, self-extinguishing. What this person did is they took the product, they turned it around and looked at the back and were like, "Okay, cool. Here are the things that this product does. Let's put them on the ad." That's not how you sell somebody on something. This is what I call a selfish ad. I like the offer. Free shipping. Call to action is okay, but the but this isn't very persuasive. It's not making me. The only thing that is good here is it. You said self-extinguishing, which is good. I didn't know that. That's kind of cool. But eco-friendly, reduces waste. These are things that are just overused and kind of not really going to make somebody buy something. So, let me show you how we can fix this and how this will crush. So, we start with turn any container into your candle without wax mess. What? So, you're telling me that this product here is something that you can turn any cont? I didn't know that. I didn't know that. >> I never knew that >> because this ad didn't demonstrate it. It didn't tell me that this is something that I could do. And now I know. And now that we have introduced the unique selling point of this product, we can introduce the logo and then we can show the product and show the tech. Help protect the planet from waste. You are now somebody who's helping protect the planet. Not just not just eco-friendly. What does that mean? No, you're now going to associate yourself as somebody who's helping the planet. Style your candle your way. So now I have I can be creative and I can have my own say in how my candle's going to look. That's really cool. Flame goes out if tipped over. Okay, that's what self-extinguishing really means. To be honest, I thought self-extinguishing just meant that it turns off after a certain amount of time or something. I don't know. I'm not a candle expert. Breathe in paraffin free scents, not toxins. Incredible. Incredible that this stuff was part of this product and I had no idea. These are all painting a picture of what it's like to actually own this candle. And then we're left with two testimonials right here. Social proof, maxing. Not even need for a call to action in this ad cuz this is just somebody that I call it the brochure effect where let's say you were really sick and somebody gave you a brochure and said this is everything you have to do to feel better. Would you not read it? Even if it was very long and the text was tiny, you would read it. Of course you would. It's the same thing here. Now that I know I can turn any mess, of course I'm going to read the rest of it. And that is how we can very simply fix creative like this. Now I really wanted to make this series entertaining and educational. And so I try my best to find the absolute worst ad creative I could. And I think I have succeeded by finding this one here. What is it? What is it? Oh my days. I just feel bad. I just feel bad. Brightening toothpaste tabs. This is an absolute crazy product. If you're selling this, I am so excited for you cuz it's trending and people love this stuff. But this I can see that you're thinking that this is not good at all. Multiack savings is crazy. Buy more, save more is crazy. These pictures look like your cousin who just graduated from high school by doing one class on Photoshop decided to do this for you for free. These are all just like copied and pasted as well. I don't even know what to say to this. I I like you know that this is just not good. There is zero source here. This is this is too easy now. This is too easy for me to fix. There's no cost comparison. Like what are the savings? What what even is this product? Like but let me show you how we can actually turn this into a money printer from ass to cash. So, as a cosmetic dentist, I recommend Snow for its cleaner ingredients and proven results. Lead with social proof, especially for a product like this where people may not have tried this and so they're a little bit unsure as to whether it's worth trying this at all. They might be completely unaware about these products and so you need to sell with some social proof. Boom. Okay. I I I was very limited with the image. So, I'm sorry, but get five for 76. Note, $3910. Now, I had I had very little to to go with here, but this is what I thought would be a way easier, low quality, loweffort ad that we could make. And it is very simply social proof, clear offer. And then we have the product. Now, if I was given more time, some product images, I could have done a lot better, maybe some before and after examples. But this is just to show you how you can very easily take something that is complete ass to actually catch. And if you want to know exactly how I make these ad creative, you can click this video right here to see a step-by-step breakdown as to how I actually come up with the ideas and create them. But if you've already seen that video, then you want to click this one because YouTube knows exactly what you

  Top Comments:
  1. @adswithcami [1 likes]: Steal our AI powered Ad Creation System: https://www.skool.com/adcreatorslab/about

- The 5-Step Formula for Winning Static Ads (Boost yours!): Kind: captions Language: en Think static ads are dead? Think again. I'm Sergio from Profit Pulse Media, and I'm about to show you exactly how to analyze static ads that are crushing it in 2025. Static ads are generating up to 50% increases in sales and consistently outperforming video and retargeting. But here's the thing, most people are analyzing them completely wrong. Every winning static ad follows a five-point formula. First, scroll stopping visuals. Your ad has exactly 3 seconds to grab attention. Look for bold color contrast, unexpected layouts, or perfectly composed product shots. Second, snappy copy and headlines. The best ads lead with benefit driven headlines. Think less clever tagline, more here's what you'll get. Keep it punchy and make the value obvious. Third, mobile first vertical composition. Most impressions happen on mobile, so everything needs big type, clear focal points, and layouts that read in under a second. Now, for the metrics that actually matter, focus on CTR for relevance, CPA for efficiency, and rorowaz for profitability. But here's what most people miss. Monitor frequency to avoid ad fatigue, and watch that relevance score. A high relevance score means lower costs and broader reach. These are your early warning signals. For copy analysis, look for these winning hook types. Demographic hooks are crushing it this year. Controversy hooks drive engagement and speed plus transformation hooks convert like crazy. Remember, one clear message, direct CTA, and always test your assumptions with data. Want to see how we analyze ads for our clients? Head to profitpulsemedia.co for a free ad audit. We'll tell you what's working and what's not in your current campaigns. Follow us for more databacked advertising strategies for your

- How to Make Winning Static Ads on Facebook (Using AI): Kind: captions Language: en Today we're talking about static ads. One of the most underrated ways to actually scale in 2025 is being able to master this one thing, creating winning static ads. And if you stick around through this video, I'm going to show you my personal library of favorite static ads as of right now. I'm also going to show you how to validate those static ads to ensure that they're actually performing. So that way, you're not copying some kind of garbage. And more importantly, I'm going to show you how to use one AI tool that will literally duplicate these ads for your brand. Exactly. So that way you can just download them, upload them into your Facebook ad account, and basically have the exact same ads that are absolutely crushing for big eight and nine figure brands. So let's go ahead and dive in. As you can see on screen, we are looking at some static ads, and we are doing that through a tool called Atria. Now, I want to clarify right away. This video is actually not sponsored by Atria at all. They did not ask me to make this. This is literally a tool that I've been using for over a year now. And if you are interested in using this, you can use a link below. And yes, there is a discount for you. But the point is is that this is a tool that I use every single day because I like it. And not only is it actually better than some of the other tools out there, there's actually some pretty insane features, like I said in the beginning, that you will be able to leverage as a result of using Atria. So, with that said, let's go ahead and talk about static ads. Why are some static ads that look like every other static ad, what actually makes them good? How do you actually make static ads that really stand out and really drive performance? Well, that's a great question. And the reason why a lot of your static ads fail is because they're actually harder to make compared to videos. And what I mean by that is for you to actually grab someone's attention and basically get them interested enough to actually click the ad and still have conversion intent within two to three lines on a headline is pretty hard to do. Whereas, if you have a video, you have, you know, 10 to 20 to sometimes 10 minutes, depending on what kind of videos you're running to actually explain and talk about your product or the story behind it and all the other little details to actually provide someone the information that they need to confidently make a purchase. Whereas with static ads, well, it's a little bit harder because of the fact that you don't have a ton of space to work with and you don't really have the ability to keep someone watching something. A static has to grab someone's attention and it has to convince them to click within the first 1 to 3 seconds of them looking at it. So, when we go through and take a look at some of these statics, some of you guys might look at these and be like, "Well, I don't really see anything crazy about this." And that is a problem because the number one reason why you can't make static ads that actually scale is because you don't know what good looks like. And so, again, as part of this video, that is my goal to help you understand that. So, as you can see on screen here, we are taking a look at around 20 plus ads. And I'm going to start down at the bottom and I'm actually going to go through as many of these ads as I can. And again, just as a reminder, if you keep watching until the end, I'm literally going to show you how you can replicate these ads exactly and how to actually do it in a way that makes sense. So that way, you're not just getting crushed by your competition. Because what a lot of you guys do is you do research on your direct competition and then you copy their ads and then you're like, "Well, why aren't they working?" Well, it's because your competition is already running them and it's probably working for them. So, when people see a duplicate of it, well, who do you think is going to win? The ad that was already there or your ad that's probably not as good. So, let's start down here with an ad from David's protein. Okay. A lot of you guys might look at this ad and you might be, okay, the final protein bar. Here it is. You know, it's got PDCAAs, protein, calorie, sugar. Great. Right now, a lot of you guys look at this and you might just be like, well, what's so special about this? And as you guys saw, there is a sneaky little hover here that says clone ad, which is what I'm actually going to show you guys how to do. But a lot of you again will look at this and not really see what is happening. And the reason why I say that is because you don't actually understand marketing fundamentals. See, when I look at this ad, I know straight away exactly why this is working. So, let's go ahead and break that down. Well, number one, let's talk about the headline, the final protein bar. When you make a statement that bold, you have to be able to back it up. And again, that's also a problem with a lot of you guys is you try to make image ads that don't have bold statements. If you're going to make an image ad, make it bold and make it stand out because again, that is what's really going to grab someone's attention. So, if I take a look at this and I see the final protein bar, I'm thinking like, okay, well, these guys are saying they're the best. Why are they the best? Well, let's go ahead and take a look. Well, they have 28 g of protein for 150 calories. And if you don't know David's protein, they claim that their ratio of calorie to protein is the best out of any other protein bar out there. So you're able to get 28 g of protein through 150 calories. That's pretty good for people that are calorie cutting and still trying to get lots of protein. Now, the actual showstopper here that some of you may not understand is this guy right here who is absolutely jacked. And most importantly, he is holding the protein bar between his back muscles. And now a lot of you might just think, "Oh yeah, well protein guy works out. Cool, right?" But here this emphasizes the desire visually without actually having to say anything. They are making associations that if you eat David's protein, you can have the same back muscles as this guy and you can look like this guy. Now they're not saying that, but subconsciously that is what's happening in the minds of a protein or a heavy protein consumer. They are associating that this dude being jacked is with David's protein. And so they are again subconsciously helping you make a connection that you can get jacked, which is the desire and the outcome that people who are consuming David's protein actually want with the actual protein bar, right? And again, it just makes it such a bold claim. And the dark lighting behind this as well makes it even more bold. And again, the little call outs here of 0 g of sugar, 150 calories, and 28 g of protein are all things that their customer is going to value. Now, something that is extremely extremely underrated is actually the primary copy up here, and it's something that I'm actually going to talk a little bit more about, but just as an example of how I see this ad and to help you guys see as a little bit differently, you have to ask, why would someone care about this? And then more importantly, you have to understand what this does to someone emotionally and what this does to them by learning the marketing fundamentals, learning things like avatars and desires and awareness levels. Okay, the protein bar industry is a very very very sophisticated industry. There are so many different protein bars. And so by this ad coming out and claiming that they are the final protein bar, that they are the best. Well, as you can imagine, that's going to stand out in a pretty sophisticated industry. And it's also going to build a lot of brand and it's also going to establish them as an authority in the protein bar space. Okay, so that is just one ad. All right, and we could spend tons of time, but the reason why I wanted to show this ad here is because this is an example of what I would say the first type of static ad that does really well, and that is a bold call out static ad. Okay, so that is one example. Now, the next example over here, and you can see there's another one here by David's protein, but I'm going to take a look at this eight one here. And the reason why I really love this ad from Eight Sleep is because it leverages statistics. Okay? And so, as you can see here, this is an ad that again just hits on all of the core marketing fundamentals that you need to understand. So, let's go ahead and break this down. 54% of women experience significant sleep disturbances from hot flashes. That is a very, very bold claim. And again, what does this do? Now, unlike David's Proteins ad, this is not a bold claim. This is simply a statistic that emphasizes why you would need this product. But more importantly, it does two things. Number one, it proves that they are an authority because they have done the research and they are providing a statistic that is actually real around what their specific avatar, women who experience sleep disturbances from hot flashes, which is a very large avatar, what they actually experience. Okay? and it resonates specifically with them. And then if we go down a little bit deeper, you can see the pod keeps you cool all night, every night. Now you might be wondering what is the pod and that is the exact thing that sleep wants you to do. And now again, if we look up here and we pay attention to the actual body copy again the body copy is used to explain what is happening in the ad. Okay, so what is the pod? while the Pod 5 transforms any bed into an intelligent adaptive environment, automatically adjusting temperature throughout the night to maximize sleep performance and optimize health. Now, I have an understanding of what the plot is, but even then, I'm probably going to want to learn more. But the point of this is is this is an incredibly clear ad, number one, for this specific avatar, but number two, again, it positions them as an authority. And on top of that, if you look at the visual, it's kind of interesting. You're like, "Wait, what does this pod do? It's like running through the bed. It's running through the sheets and it shows this idea of a new mechanism. Now again, David's protein and eight sleep are massive brands for a reason. They have an incredible product. But the point is is we can take away from this that leveraging statistics and directly relating those statistics to my specific avatar is a great way to actually again prove that we are an authority and actually convince someone to come and purchase our product. Now if we scroll through a bit more, I want to talk about one of my favorite brands recently which is Gruns. Now, for those of you that don't know Grunts, again, they are just an absolute behemoth right now in the e-commerce space and are growing literally faster than anybody. And I want to show you guys a couple of ads. And you'll notice again, here's another statistics ad. And if you see commonalities in winning ads between different brands, there's probably a reason for that. It's because it works, right? So, here's another statistic style ad of 40 to 50% of adults over 60 have vitamin D deficiency. Again, proving themselves as an authority. You'll notice over here as well, this is a really, really, really great one where again, we are providing new information where Grunt says, "Did you know your gut health affects your mood, not just your digestion?" Another one over here, as you can see, is kind of a question style ad where it says, "Could my kids gut health be affecting their immune system?" Right? 70% of immune strengths start in the gut. Cubs helps build strong defense. And so these are again three more examples of them being an authority in their space and providing actual information and new information to the user. Okay, but with that said, the one that I want to review for Grun specifically is this ad right here. And I absolutely love this ad because this just clearly shows the understanding of their customer. Okay, and this is why research is so important. Okay, if you are not doing research to better understand your customer, that is why your static ads are not that good. What actually makes static ads good is a incredibly deep understanding of your avatar and of your customer, but more importantly also of the product and your industry in general. We talked about the statistic ads. Most people don't know, again, if we were to reference the eight example, the percentage of hot flashes that occur during the night that cause sleep disturbances. That is so niche and so specific, yet it is a huge thing. And if you have that information, you can leverage it to emphasize why people should purchase your product, right? And so my point with this is is that you can look at these static ads all day, but if you don't actually have the information around your specific customer and your specific avatar and you don't have deep market research around your product and what it does, you're not going to be able to make great static ads. But going back to the Gruns example here, you can see this headline is just so good because it directly focuses on one of the biggest pain points that parents face. And they indirectly call out parents by using this headline. Exactly. Gruns in their lunchbox means veggies without the fuss. Easy to carry packs, 60 plus whole food ingredients, 21 plus vitamins and minerals. And what I want to show here in this image is just a perfect example of what kids would freak out about, right? They have this like stale looking grainy bread. They have raw broccoli and they have it in a lunchbox that every parent probably knows that whenever they send that lunchbox out, it just comes back exactly like that. And then here you can see they have these fun little gummy bears that kids obviously love. And again, this is an ad that has been running for 123 days, which I'm going to talk about why just because an ad is running for a long time doesn't mean it's great. And you're going to see that in the next example. But what I love about this headline is that it really dives deep into this idea of a new mechanism. Okay? And so when you put these fun gummy bears in their lunchbox, they're getting veggies without the fuss. And that is what parents want. They don't want to have to deal with kids complaining about getting their vegetables or getting their vitamins and minerals. And every parent knows that that is just a headache, right? And again, they hit that down even further. Goodbye picky eating. Hello healthy kids. Gruns cubs are packed with essential veggies and fruits. Delicious, easy, and fuss-free, right? So fussfree is just it's a word that I absolutely love because they parents know that their kids throw hissy fits and and cause a big fuss about having to eat their vegetables. But more importantly, they tie back why it's important because they say it's perfect for supporting growth, energy, and immune health. And so this is a really great ad that again just clearly shows the understanding of their customer, not only visually, but also with a very strong headline by saying, "Hey, if you put this in the lunchbox instead, they're going to get their veggies without, you know, the fuss or without having to deal with the headaches of kids not wanting to take it." And so this is just a world-class example of a brand that understands their customer. And if you go deeper into Grunge as well, you'll notice that their understanding of their customer is just absolutely sensational. So let's go ahead and look at another ad. Now, you might be looking at this ad thinking, "Well, hey, Spencer, this ran for 3 days. How is this a winning ad? I thought winning ads are all about ads that are still active and are still running." Well, the reason why I know this is actually a winning ad is because of an incredible tool that you've maybe seen on the channel before, but if you're brand new, it is a tool called Ad Spy. Now, what is Adspy? Well, Adsp is essentially an extension that allows you to look at some brands on a bit of a granular level. Okay? So essentially you can go through and you can leverage atria to then go deeper into ad spy to actually validate if specific ads are winning ads. And a lot of times the top winning ads for brands are actually not what appear to be the top winning ads in because the way that we actually filter through ads on ads spy is by leveraging shares. And so, as you can see here, and I want to give a big shout out to Hollow Socks because not only are they a huge inspiration for what we're building at our agency and how their owner, Zach, who is an absolute savage, and if you've ever seen him on Twitter or if you ever have gone to his YouTube channel, I would definitely recommend checking them out because he is a beast. What he's done with this brand is incredible and there's definitely something for everybody to learn. But what I want to say here is that as you can see by filtering by shares and also filtering by media type photo, I can actually see that this is one of their top ads. Okay. And I can see tired of achy swollen legs. Meet our new compression socks. Again, 14 hours no swelling. And I can see that there are over 987 shares, 10,000 likes, 997 comments. So this is an ad that is definitely crushing for them. Even though Atrea is saying that it only ran for three days, and this is probably just one variation. They likely duplicated this, maybe tested a new landing page, maybe tested a different campaign type, whatever it may be. But I know that this is a winning ad. So, let's go ahead and break this down. Okay, 14 plus hours, no swelling. Now, here is what I love about static ads as well, is that it forces you to write a lot more creatively. A very junior or very average copywriter might write a headline that says, "You can wear these socks for over 14 hours and you won't feel any swelling." Right? And you might write that out, but the problem is it's not bold. it's too wordy. It fills up the page and it just doesn't look good and it doesn't really have that oomph to it if you know what I mean. And so if we take a look at this ad here, we can see they directly say 14 plus hours no swelling. Again, that is a massively bold claim that is going to stop someone's scroll. And if we look down here, they've called out reduces swelling, improves blood circulation, enhances performance, and provides all day comfort. And now again going back up to the body copy here. A lot of you guys are not putting an emphasis on this. Okay, the body copy seriously has an impact especially if you're marketing on Facebook and your feeds. If you go to breakdown in your ad account and you see that Facebook feeds have a lot of spend. Well, this is something that you guys need to dial in. So again, tired of achy, swollen legs, meet our new alpaca compression socks. And here's what I love about this as well is that they are leveraging new as a way to actually stand out and to separate themselves and almost give this customer new hope. And if you look at this, you can see alpaca compression socks almost kind of acts like a new mechanism because the user might be reading this thinking, well, what are alpaca compression socks? Like I've heard of compression socks, but what are al alpaca compression socks? And so from there, there's a curiosity and guess what? The person is actually going to click through to the ad. And again, this is exactly what we just talked about about being bold. Again, the goal of doing these ads and looking at these ads is to actually learn from them, right? What are the patterns that we can spot? And again, this is another example of a winning ad that is bold. 14 plus hours, no spelling, that is a strong claim. And again, they're grabbing the person's attention to come and click this ad. Now, as we scroll up here, we're going to start to get into some actual ads around supplements. And now supplements I think are honestly my favorite niche to look at because for you to be bold and for you to find ads that can actually work in the supplement space, you really have to know your customers. And so one little call out that I wanted to mention and we're actually going to open Rise Superfoods over here because maybe you don't want to pay for ad spy and you don't want to, you know, go through and filter through all that kind of stuff. What you can do as a way to also spot winning ads is you can come into atria, you can go into active and you can sort by longest running. And again, for the sake of this, we're going to do a complete breakdown on image only, which by the way, if you guys are enjoying this and you want to see a video breakdown, maybe let me know in the comments down below and I can potentially put together a video breakdown. That might be like a 2-hour long video. But with that said, jumping back into the screen here, I want you to scroll through and I want you to look at specific headlines that you see come up over and over again. So, for example, here you can see naturally stronger blood flow from head to toe. And then over here we have again naturally stronger blood flow from head to toe. If you start to see specific headlines being used over and over again in ads that are running for quite some time, that's usually a signal that that headline is working. And an even more obvious one here is free spoon plus shipping. Again, look how many times this headline pops up. One, two, three. This has again free spoon again. And if we scroll down a little bit further, free spoon, free spoon. If we scroll down again, free spoon and shipping, right? And so if you start to see headlines pop up multiple times, probably means that it's working, okay? Because they're trying and doing different iterations on it to see what specific visuals will work better. Now, if we jump back over here, I couldn't find the exact ad in Atrea that I had found on Ad Spy. Now, I did give it to the community over in Evolve, but if you take a look here, you can see lose weight even if you cheat. This is another incredible ad here. And the visual they used was somewhat similar. But I wanted to call out this ad specifically because what I love about it is that it uses the Hermoszi value equation. Now, if you don't remember what the Herozi value equation is, this is it here, okay? It's dream outcome times perceived likelihood of achievement divided by time delay times effort and sacrifice. Okay? And so we talked about time delay in one of my landing page videos that I actually did a few weeks ago, which brings up an entirely different point that I don't want to get caught too much in because if you are running static ads, your landing page is crucial to actually having it convert higher. So if you are not focused on your landing page, you need to dial in on that. And after you watch this video, make sure you go check out that landing page video. It should be somewhere on screen here. And make sure you go and get that after you watch this. So that way you can actually leverage all the traffic that your new static ads are going to be driving. But with that said, what I love about what Rise has done here is they've attacked this right here, which is effort and sacrifice. And again, this just comes down to really understanding and knowing your avatar. So if we take a look here, it says lose weight. That is the desire and that is what people want. And then in bold, they say even if you cheat. Now again, why does that work? Well, it's because of this right here. Most rise understands that a lot of people who try to lose weight, they can't sacrifice their diet and that it takes a lot of effort because they have to eat clean and they constantly have to follow this strict thing and that strict thing and over here they're saying, "Hey, you can lose weight with our product even if you cheat." And now is this a very very bold claim 100%. But the point is is they again they understand their avatar. you know, I want you to ask yourself is think about it. If you're someone that constantly has cheat meals or if you're someone that struggles to stay on a diet, do you think this ad is going to resonate with you? Yeah, obviously it is, right? And so that's again why understanding your customer and understanding the objections that they have, the effort, the sacrifice, and all the things that they have to go through to accomplish the desire is so powerful. So again, the reason why this ad is working so well is because the clear understanding of their avatar. Now I want to take a look at another ad over here in regards to again signs you may be entering perry menopause right stubborn weight and cravings PMS and this poor and night sleeps right again clear understanding authority driven right another one here as well that shows myth versus fact and this was actually more of a template that I just really liked because we have seen myth verse fact do well and why does it do well again if you see things doing well you have to ask yourself like why why does this matter well let's think about the customer right if you're someone that deals with bloating, right? And you see myth verse fact, you're probably going to be interested in seeing what it has to say, right? So, myth: bloating after meals is normal. Fact: Hormone support helps reduce bloating. And so, this might be something where this really resonates with someone because they might have a myth that it's normal to just feel bloated after you eat meals, whereas it's not true. Like, you just need hormone support. And so, now all of a sudden, they're actually able to tie that in to their product specifically, right? And so this ad is seems so simple, yet I love this as a template and as inspiration for around specific beliefs that people might have and how you can kind of correct them or how you can come in and again be an authority in your specific ad. And now this is something that you've probably heard me talk about time and time again that being authority is crucial for actually getting people to purchase from you. Okay? So again, the more that you can be authority, the more success that you're likely going to have with your ads. And if you're like, "Well, Spencer, how do I become an authority?" Just do more research. Do more research to actually understand what it is that you're selling and understand the person that you're selling to because guess what? After you do that, you're educated. And when you're more educated, you're an authority, right? The reason why you might be listening to me is because you potentially see me as an authority. You've seen the case studies that I put out there. You see the amount of research and information that I collect. So that way, I can share it with you guys. And you're probably listening because you have an authority bias. All right. Now, am I the biggest authority in the space? Absolutely not. But the more I educate myself on how to scale and the more proof that I have that what I do actually works to scale brands, the more I become an authority. Okay? And so, at the end of the day, it's really just a lack of information that you're missing to become an authority. And then once you have that information, you can apply these strategies exactly how I'm going to show you again with the clone ad technique inside of Atria. Again, I know we're going through every single ad here. There are really two more ads that I really, really want to call out here. And now, these aren't actual winning ads that I saw specifically inside of Ad Spy or inside of Atrea. I mean, this one has been running for 30 days, and this one, as you can see, I think it only ran for one day. But there's two other things that I want to call out with static ads specifically, and that's being visual. Use visual language to really, really hit home on specific things, especially if it's a product that people can't really feel, right? And so here's a perfect example for a soap company or if you're someone that maybe sells scents or perfumes or whatever it may be. You can see here they're using a visual kind of a bit of a play on words, a little bit of humor, but they're using a visual analogy to help people understand what this smells like because you can't smell it, right? So as you can see here, they say smells like a good decision, right? But what I wanted to show you guys this ad for is to think about how else you can visualize that. How can you use language that is super super visual? And a very good tip for this is whenever you write a headline, go into chatbt or I would say better go into claude and ask it to use more visual language. And what I mean by visual language is by using language that creates a clear image in the user's head and ideally in your heads, right? So if I was to make an ad for this brand that sells soap specifically, I would say it smells like you just landed in Hawaii. Right? That is very, very visual. Now, not everybody has been to Hawaii, but everybody can imagine what Hawaii is like. The palm trees, the nice breeze, you know, the ocean scent, right? They can visualize that and imagine and almost kind of smell it just by thinking about it. The brain is very, very powerful. It's very, very weird, but it's very powerful. And so, whenever you can draw on something that is more visual, it really, really, really helps the user imagine it and it helps them clearly see the product, right? Rather than just saying, "This smells good." It's like, well, what is good, right? It's so hard to imagine or visualize that, right? But if you can be more descriptive in your statics, it can really, really, really help hit that point home. And then the final one over here, again, this is just another really visual ad that I love, right? Skin care that you can drink, right? It's like what? It's like that's a very interesting mechanism. And so in this instance here again they're leveraging this idea that you are able to again have a new mechanism where it's like skincare that you drink but more importantly again it's more visual. It's very visual. It's like well how do I drink my skin care like that's kind of interesting right click. And again that is the goal of most statics. You want statics that drive high intent clicks. But there's also a lot of times again if you have an extremely dialed landing page where you just want your static to get clicks. And now a lot of you guys might see statics suck up a bunch of spend and not get any performance. And a lot of times that means that you need to add a bit more of a conversion factor to your static to get more high intent clicks. But at the end of the day, it's very, very important to be visual and also showcase any new mechanisms that you can. And now the final ad that I wanted to pull up here is just an ad that for those of you that have a product that shows rather than tells, this ad is completely for you because what I love about this ad is it's ripping, but more importantly, it is so simple. It is literally just a photo of two dogs laying in the bed. No context, no headline, absolutely nothing. It just looks like, you know, maybe your mom's friend posted this on her timeline. But then as you scroll up to the body copy, you can see it says, "Your dog will absolutely love this. This bed relieves your dog stress and anxiety and promotes a peaceful sleep." And so here again, they're leveraging a tactic from again the best book in the world, breakthrough advertising, called camouflage advertising, where this just looks like a native feed that someone's friend would post. And yet, you can see it is still selling the product. You have these two little cuties down here that are just fully sunk into the bed. They're so cozy. As you could see, it looks comfortable, right? They don't have to say anything here. They just need to let the product do the talking. And then again, if I'm looking at this and I want more information, I'm going to scroll up and see that your dog will your dog stress and anxiety. So again, the body copy provides 100% clarity. I see some of you guys try to be super, you know, unique or super creative in the body copy. Just be clear. It's so much better to be clear rather than clever in the body copy. So here again, you can see skincare you can drink. And then what happens? I look up. Your matcha just got a beauty routine upgrade. Introducing the Sofa Tropika's exclusive white chocolate beauty matcha. The dream blend that has more chlorophyll. Hydrates skin and tastes creamy. Right? So, they're literally explaining exactly what it is in the actual body copy itself. And that is something that is just super underrated that a lot of you guys just think that this up here doesn't matter. It really does. Okay. So, I know we just spent about 30 plus minutes going through all these statics, but hopefully you guys got something out of this and hopefully you were able to pull a few different ideas. Okay, so we've got the final protein bar. Again, this is the bold claim and visually showing the desire. We've got the statistic style ads over here that you can see brands like Eightle and brands like Gruns are running. We have the visual kind of like indirect avatar call out that again shows the old mechanism sucking with the new mechanism. And again, really tapping in to a clear understanding of their avatar. Again, we've got another extremely bold callout ad over here as well. We've got the bold headline that removes sacrifice and effort. We have the authority driven ads. We have the visual ads. And then we have the show don't tell ads. Now, there are a couple other ads in here that again you guys can see and this board will actually be down below for you guys to check out as well and go deeper on. But now, let's talk about the one thing that I'm sure most of you are probably waiting for. How do I one-click clone these ads for my brand? Well, let's go ahead and do it. So, as you may have noticed while I was going through this, you can see over here that if you actually hover on this ad, you can actually clone it. And so, what's really cool here is if we scroll down and let's maybe use the Gruns example over here now. So, we're going to click clone ad. And as you can see, it's going to take us to HS clone page. And now what we're going to do is we're going to select one of our brands. And now if you don't have a brand set up in Atria, it's actually really easy to set up. And so what you're going to do is you're going to go into the brand section over here on Atria. You're going to go ahead and click create brand. And what's awesome as well is if you just want to put the actual URL link for your brand specifically, you can literally just put it in right here. So for example, I I'll just use an e-commerce store here. So let's do life over here. And we're going to go ahead and click generate. And this is going to use credits. So, there are specific amount of credits that you guys will need to basically buy in order to use this stuff. But, as you can see here, boom, it's got the brand logo, it's got the industry, it's got the website, it's got the product and service, it's got brand colors in here. Now, you might need to adjust these based on the colors, and you might need to adjust the fonts and all that kind of stuff as well. Again, I'm not going to go through and show you guys how to fill this out or take the time to do this, but again, the more information that you put here, the better. And what I would also recommend as well is take all of your reviews, take all of your Facebook ad comments, take any customer feedback survey data that you have, take any market research that you've done, and actually create a Claude project. So again, if you don't know how to do that, just go into Claude and just give all of that into Claude. Again, claude.ai is the writing tool that we use. And then what I would do is I would actually take a screenshot of these questions. And I would ask Claude based on the information that it has to actually then write out the product and service description and the target audience because the better that this is, the better that the AI is going to be, which for those of you that don't know, like the more that you communicate with AI and the more context that you give it, the smarter it's going to be. A lot of you guys expect AI just to know your brand like you do, right? It it doesn't. It needs the context. It needs the information. So again, try to provide as much as you can. So I'm going to go ahead and create this brand. And then boom, just like that, it's going to actually create the brand. Now, what's really cool here as well is you can actually plug in your ad account specifically to Atrea, too. Now, what's really dope about Atria as well is it actually has like a motion level of analytics for your creatives. And so, you can actually link your ad account to this brand as well. So, it actually has more data. So, with that said, we're now going to go in and we are going to clone this ad. Okay. Okay. And so here I've actually selected Carpod as we have more data and the ad account actually connected to it. And what we're going to do is we're going to paste the product URL in here as well. And so I'm going to go ahead and paste in my product URL here. And it's actually going to generate the ad brief for me, which is really cool. But again, you can optimize this however you want. You can come in and you can use different images as well. You can see this automatically pulled images. It automatically has our brand colors. And I'm just going to go ahead and adjust the headline here as well. And let's just say we'll make this bold. And then again, what we're going to do here is you can see there's an option to do a 2x3, a 1x 1, or a 3x two. And in this instance, because this is a more vertical ad, this is the ad that we're going to reference. And we're going to go ahead and literally with one button, we're going to generate eight image ads. So, let's go ahead and do that. And as you can see here, it's going to load for a little bit and it's going to come up with these ads. It usually takes about 2 to 3 minutes. So, I'm going to go ahead and pause and then we're going to jump back in once these ads are actually done. All right. And now, as you can see on screen, we have the eight ads that Atria actually put together. Now, one thing I need to call out, and I might actually blur them, is that Atria is actually going to basically AI create some people at times, and AI create the product. So, for example, here, you know, there's this photo of the actual wand that goes in the Care Pod and it's just doesn't make any sense at all. And so, AI is still has a long way to go. And then, if you actually take a look at this one over here, I don't even know what this product is. It's not even the Care Pod specifically. And so there are going to be issues with these and I would highly recommend that you don't use these exact ads. Now Atria does give you the ability to download it, but that is not what we do. What we actually do is we actually like to look at the headline specifically. And I'm going to call out one right away that I think is absolutely sick. And it says right here, 40% of humidifier owners don't clean theirs. And so that is something where now I have an idea. And the whole goal of how we use Atria at least is we like to go and then get this idea to do research after. Right? So 40% of humidifier owners don't clean it. That is something where I'm going to go validate that. Number one, I need to go do research to actually figure out how many people on average don't actually clean their humidifiers. And then from there, guess what? I can send that to my team to then actually have them create an ad concept around this with the real data. This is something that Atria was able to create for me specifically. Like I was not able to potentially make that connection just by looking at the contact ad alone, but now I have an idea of 40% of humidifier owners don't clean it. That is just such a great headline that the AI has now come up with for me to then leverage. This is why it is so crucial for those of you that are just planning to have Atria basically create the ads for you and then you just blindly download them and upload them into your ad account. Obviously, I can't stop you from doing that. And I didn't want to make this video telling you guys to do that because of two reasons. Number one, the thing is is you actually have to know what is good and what is not. And you have to have a lens for what good looks like in order to actually be able to see ads that can scale and to pick the ads that you should upload into the ad account. But the second thing is that you don't actually learn a lot from just copying a brand's ad, using Atria to clone it, and then launching it into your ad account. you just don't learn anything from doing that. It's important for you to understand that at the end of the day, you don't want your skill set to be professional copy paster. You want to be a marketer. And so, as much as I try to hold off on showing these copy and paste tools and all this kind of stuff, it it is helpful and it does help expedite the process. And as you can see here, I just got a great ad idea for this brand. But the point is is that I have spent so much time learning the marketing fundamentals and actually applying a lot of this stuff manually. So that way when I have a natural skill set and I apply it with AI, I get outsized returns. Okay? But for you, if you're just copying and pasting and that's what you're good at, you know, you don't have a skill set yet. And so I'd highly encourage you to try to lean into this stuff. Try to learn and try to really double down on all the other things that I have talked about around marketing, around research, around understanding customers and the market and the product and all that kind of stuff. Because if you combine that with AI, that's how you see the biggest gains. Now again, are there going to be those of you that just do this and upload the ads into your ad account? Of course. But at the end of the day, I want you guys to learn. And so that's the biggest thing from this video is I hope you were able to understand how specific statics are working and why they're working. So that way, if you do use this tool, it can help you combine the actual learnings from those ads to your brand specifically. And one thing that I want you to note is that if we actually go back through this board, there is not a single ad in here that actually has anything to do with humidifiers. None of these brands are actually direct competitors. They are just brands in completely different niches. Okay? And so because of that, when I take an idea from another niche and I bring it over to my own, I'm essentially creating something new. Another example here is we actually just made an ad called the final humidifier. And that is something that we specifically imitated from this ad right here. So, a lot of you guys might think like, how does a protein bar brand give inspo for a humidifier brand? It's because we're looking to see the deeper reason why. We're not looking to copy and paste our competitors. We want to crush our competitors. And if you're copying and pasting your competitors, they're beating you. Okay? And so I have found it easier to take ideas from other niches in other industries and bring them into my own instead of trying to replicate what my competitors are doing and only getting a small percentage of it or for example having to one up my competitors which might not be the easiest thing to do because a lot of times your competitors are bigger than you and so if you look at other niches and bring something from a different niche into yours specifically it can do really well. So that is it. That is my statics masterass plus how to leverage AI to do some cool stuff inside of Atria. If you enjoyed this video and you want more, I do have a ton of different videos on my channel that talk about marketing fundamentals. I also have a huge case study that talks about how we did $10 million in 90 days. It should be pinned on my channel if you go and check it out and I'd highly recommend that you watch that as well. With that said, if you want more hands-on support and you want to actually be a part of the biggest e-commerce community in school, you can check out the link down below. that's going to take you over to Evolve and that really is for brands that are doing 100K plus a month that want to get to that next level by being a part of a community full of savages and get access to all the resources that we use to scale. Or if you're doing less than 100K per month, we actually just launched a brand new community as well. It is called Origins and I'd highly recommend that you check that out down below. That's literally for anybody that even if you don't have a brand or you have a brand and you're stuck at 10K per month or you're just ultimately doing less than 100K, I would highly recommend that as well. while we're doing our best to try to help as many of you as possible because I understand a lot of you guys that are watching these videos aren't maybe doing 300 or 400 or 500k per month. Okay? So hopefully we can help more of you with this new program that we have just launched. And as always, if you happen to be a brand that is in the tech space or you have a very innovative product and you're just not sure how to market it and you need a team to market it for you, I'd highly recommend booking a time to speak with our agency. We are at full capacity, but there are times where we will actually consider subbing in brands based off of the opportunity that we see and the numbers that you currently have in your account and in your business. So, if you are interested in having our team do this for you as well, I'd highly recommend checking that link out down below. So, with all that said, that's all I've got to dap at you about. I hope you enjoyed this video and I look forward to seeing you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @nikolaytsenov9520 [5 likes]: It’s illegal to post such a banger video. Thank you, Spens 🙏🔥
  2. @Anas.5090 [4 likes]: Yes we really need a video breakdown showing the things of what make a good hook - copy or body - CTA - also cover the visuals too , your ideas about the avatar not just researching but what to research for - and what is the type of static ads and what should each one look like, idk if it's mean market awareness or if there's even some creative types but as I'm studying some ads I see some of them comparing and within comparing some of them mention benefits some focus on desire some on problem and then some different type where I saw some focused on offer or problem or benefits or the product itself and some on the persona the customer buying into, 
Just cook with it I know if you are gonna create something it's gonna have an insane amount of value in it 
( Doesn't mean I'm asking for that, anything from you will be as valuable and if not I'll find a way to make it valuable )

Sorry for yapping a lot, do whatever you want I'm in
  3. @AkibZaved99 [1 likes]: you are literally gem broh!! i am following from you since i watched video of (( Bad ads still spending ))  i was also thinking that our thinking pattern matched!!!
  4. @Vemtranquilo127: Obrigado
  5. @JamesRamonas: thanks
  6. @SoulSnaps-p8i: no one is showing things to do on pet niche
  7. @streakysix: Amazing stuff! Love the videos. Do you think the same strategies would work for B2B? Any different approaches you would take
  8. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: In a Sales campaign with Advantage+ Audience, Meta allows us to add both MANUAL ads (single image, video, etc.) and a DYNAMIC CATALOG CAROUSEL at the ad level. Do you recommend mixing them in one campaign, or is it better to separate them into different campaign? I’m selling premium teak furniture and trying to follow the best setup based on how Meta now optimizes.
  9. @Anas.5090: Let's get's some learning in 
Pick A Product First 

### Hook

*The Headline →* Make sure It’s a Bold Claim & Calling out the right Audience 

*The Features  →* Then Back it up Logically with your features / Benefits 

*The Colors    →* should match the branding - Messaging of the ad ( to be congruent ) - what the avatar is comfortable with 

*The Visual*     *→* should Emphasize the desire outcome / Persona they’re buying into without words

*Bonus :* The Image also should be bold ( Exaggerate the desire / Dream outcome a lil bit )

### The Ad Copy

Explain or Continue on the Image Ad whether it’s Claim or Product introduction / Tagline 

Call the benefits in it

- Example :
    
    ### The Ad
    
    The Best Caffeine source
           you’ll ever have 

    
    100mg of Caffeine → Energy
    
    60mg L - theanine → Balance
    
    250% B12 Vitamin → Its Benefit
    
    60% B6 Vitamin  → Its benefit
    
    More then 3 Cups of Coffee in Cheaper Tasty Gummy 
    
    Wake Up Now
    
    “I’m practicing on Neuro Gum, I don’t have specific Product Yet“
    
    Pick a Product & Learn 
    
    ### Why it’s good
    
    Hook → Bold
    
    The Feature → Justify that hook & order Keep them hooked 
    
    The Benefits → Scale the level of awareness & Show what the feature mean 
    
    The Last Line → Handled 3 Objections 
    
    The CTA → Called another Desire 
    
    This Ad also Leverages Statistics 
    

### Eight Statistic Ad

*The Hook  →*  Called out the specific avatar - Showed the Statistic of whatever info that help that avatar understand why they should give a fuck about your product 

*The Body →* introducing their product to Solve the problem they sat in the headline ( But Didn’t Mention how )

*Why they didn’t Mention How ?* → To Force the customer to read the Ad Copy 

*Ad Copy* → Mentioned the Benefits ( the what not the how ) in a great brief way ( without fluff or BS ), but didn’t Mention the how ( To force you Click to learn more ) 

*Finally :* Statistics Positions your brand as an authority which is important 

### Being Authority Matter

Because it Builds more trusts  = your words will carry more weights 

*How to be an authority ?*

Understand The Product - Avatar - Market 

- Practice
    
    89% Coffee Users Experience 
    
    Jitters , Crashes, and Overspending 
    
    Neuro Gum Helps you Completely forget about that
    
    Start Living Now 
    
    And the ad copy will continue the benefits 
    
    A healthy Caffeine, Double the Energy, for a longer period , in a delicious Chew 
    
    Shop Neuro Gum now
    
    idk if I should have mentioned the features here or not but I kinda wanted to put more curiosity to push them click the shop now button   
    
    What I did ?
    
    Miss benefits in the image ad 
    
    Miss Features in the ad copy 
    
    I’ll work on answering their questions in the products Pictures 
    

### Research

Research is one of the main things of how to make Winning ads 

What to research ?

- Product
- Customer
- The Market you’re in ( To understand the market awareness - Sophistication )

### How to know if ad is a winner ?

By Looking at the shares → from Ad spy

Your Understanding of what make a good static ad  

### Alex Value Equation

*Value* = Dream Outcome X Perceived Likelihood of achieving it / Time Delay X Efforts & Sacrifices 

Means 

- the more your ad guarantee it can deliver the desired outcome
- With Less delay, efforts, & Sacrifices

The More value your ad will have

*Example :* Double the energy, without Crashes or Jitters In a chew ( I could said in a second but I wanted to introduce my UM, Also I specified the side effects to call out the right audience, )

### Notes

- If you’re running Static ads your LP is crucial to have higher CVR
- Use Visual Language to communicate & Paint Pictures in your customer mind ( Better Words → Claud AI )
- Read Breakthrough Advertising
  10. @lucaneharts7753: To much sauce!
  11. @Matfal_eCom: video breakdown for sure
  12. @CapitalThinkingHQ: Question: If i have a fresh pixel, can I scale with static ads made with intent for problem/solution aware customers ect or best to start with video ads. I have experience with ecom but this a question for a new brand. Thanks
  13. @Johnsuz: Drowning in Sauce
  14. @Glitch00-o7s: Can u create a 7day free trial to join your Skool community ?
  15. @cristian.daczo1: Please do a video breakdown, that would be fire!
  16. @chicnovy: Wow great !🤩
  17. @someonev9p: Most of the brands are running static ads to listicles and it's working! Curious have you sees any success with directing users directly to pdp from ads ?
  18. @thinkcartology: Static ads don’t get enough love, but they can seriously scale your Facebook campaigns. Great masterclass for learning what actually works.
Watch now to see top-performing ads and how to replicate them for your brand!
  19. @PeterWork-t3w: God bless you bro❤
  20. @KTrain25: Thank you for the sauce bro

- How Brands Use Design & Marketing to Control Your Mind: Kind: captions Language: en Brands can profoundly shape our actions and even our physiology this is Tylenol and this is generic store brand medicine they have the exact same ingredients so they should work the same but they don't if one of the pills costs more it'll be more effective even the color of a pill and its packaging can dictate how effective it is it's all in The Branding and design and this extends far beyond Tylenol wine tastes better when poured from a heavier bottle food tastes better when it's plated beautifully just the mere presence of a MasterCard logo can trigger customers to spend 30% more than they normally would companies understand that brands are like placebos they use all sorts of Mind Tricks to get us to see what they want it's gotten to a point where Brands aren't just selling you a product they're selling you a tribal group identity that they want you to be a part of they reel you in with clever branding and beautiful design so how do they do it and is this a good thing or is company branding and designed all just a bunch of manipulative BS I've spent over a decade thinking about this throughout my design career and I've read a lot of books to try to answer this and because the answer is so nuanced I've created a BS intensity Spectrum which is based on the Saffire Simpson hurricane scale on one end is a little drizzle of creative Liberty still grounded in reality but the other end is a category 5 feal Tempest of deception where companies toss truth to the wind just to drive sales creating a huge gap between marketing claims and actual reality on this quest to unravel branding insights you'll will get a deep understanding of human psychology and how design hooks into our Primal instincts and desires so let's work our way up the continum the most basic form of branding is simply labeling your product which has been around since at least 2000 BC Craftsmen would imprint symbols onto their goods to show where they came from this may not seem like a big deal but it's actually a very important way to protect customers the Soviet Union learned this the hard way brand names were seen as anti-communist so bread was just labeled bread no matter what company made the bread the packaging labels were all the same if you bit into some bread that was stale or moldy you had no way of knowing which company to avoid producers weren't held accountable so the quality of many products were truly terrible this wasn't only about bread it went as deep as rivets those tiny little things holding ships together factories turned out unbranded rivets that got jumbled up into one Central facility no one knew where each rivet came from so once again there was no incentive for companies to make good rivets so why does this matter well it starts to matter a lot when ships start springing leaks and sinking to the bottom of the ocean the Soviets did finally end up having factories stamp their brand names onto their products and quality went up producers were held accountable and customers knew which brands to trust sometimes nothing brings people together like a nice hot pizza from Pizza Hut branding helped solve a problem called information asymmetry this is when sellers know everything about what they're selling and buyers know almost nothing about what they're buying buying if you're buying from a well-established brand there's a lot of information and inherent trust built into that transaction so branding isn't always about manipulating into buying things you don't need without Brands there's an increased incentive for companies to create a cheaper lower quality product because they make a greater profit while suffering no reputational consequences now that's one good reason for Branding but as designers and marketers know branding is really about influencing people emotionally this can be used for good or evil for example we don't brush our teeth primarily for health reasons I mean sure that's definitely a big part of it but for most people that's not the main reason if it was we'd brush after every meal but take a moment and think when do you usually brush probably before an important meeting or a date usually before we eat nobody's vigorously brushing after secretly annihilating that chocolate bar while binge watching Netflix brushing your teeth is about being confident and removing stains or bad breath and that's also why toothpaste is usually mint flavored it makes your mouth feel fresh the mint does doesn't give any practical health benefits we might think we do things for logical reasons but emotions often drive us many people believe emotions are unreliable but they're actually crucial evolutionary shortcuts that help us for example our strong dislike for dirty or rotting things isn't based on a logical understanding of germs our caveman ancestors that stayed away from rotting things lived longer so we developed a negative emotional response to it thousands or even millions of years ago way before we ever knew about germs terms emotions tap into a biological and intuitive need without all the processing and good designers know this emotional Alchemy like the back of their hands it's like buying a Tesla the buyer might insist that it's because they want to take care of the environment but it's more likely that it's just fun to drive and show off as a status symbol otherwise they just drive a Nissan Leaf or something so anyway look these branding examples are all pretty harmless but things will get worse with the rising tide of the BS Continuum the next level of the Continuum is about visual shorthand so here's a simple example toothpaste stripes and yes this is the last mention of toothpaste I'll make in the video but why have stripes once you start brushing it all mixes together anyway the stripes don't serve any logical purpose but they do look cool and they show you that the toothpaste does more than one thing in a visual way like fighting cavities and freshening breath people love any visual visible effort that goes into a product if you just say that it's an improved toothpaste formula but it looks exactly the same as before it's not as convincing if you add something visual like Stripes it's a lot more believable adding visuals to highlight real benefits seems reasonable enough but we steer into murkier Waters when designers add elements that don't honestly convey the product's benefits car companies sometimes add fake vents to their car designs for example lots of car enthusiasts complain about this because it makes the car look more powerful than it really is it feels a little dishonest and this is maybe a hot take but I ranked this example pretty low cars are sculpted to exude power and Agility and designers do all sorts of visual tricks to convey that why draw the line at fake vents what about the flashy styling lines or fancy rims they're mostly visual shorthand just like the vents and no one complains about that imagine if we got rid of any visual element of a car that was not primarily functional a Lamborghini would start to look more like a 1996 Cameron if we think back to the Tylenol example from the beginning of the video looks can genuinely affect how we perceive things and even how effective products are maybe those fake vents or cool rims are a placebo that helps us drive better at the very least it keeps things interesting to be clear I think visual shorthand does become a problem when brands use it to highlight an element that is completely fake for example there are some speakers that have two drivers in them but only one of them is real when you get speakers with fake drivers it's messing with the main reason you bought them for the sound quality you probably paid more thinking that the extra driver is real on the other hand fake vents don't significantly change how well the car runs we don't have time to meticulously analyze every single detail when buying something for most purchases you just make a snap judgment based on a few indicators imagine analyzing and comparing price specs materials and quality for every single item on your grocery list you just go insane that's why visual shorthand is valuable branding and design helps to convey what's good about a product without making us do all the work there are situations where we make more calculated decisions when there's a lot at stake but most buying decisions just aren't that important most of the time you're right sometimes you're wrong it only becomes a problem when companies actively try to deceive us this type of visual signaling extends Way Beyond the design of the product itself we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing nice packaging and storefronts are signals that they're trustworthy businesses counting on repeat customers a company that spends time after you have bought and paid for a product to make sure you're not disappointed is more likely to be trustworthy especially when contrasted with a company that just runs away right after youve bought something that's why Sephora gives you nice little bags with the little rope handles it's an extra expense for them but it signals that they're trustworthy and care about your long-term experience also the more a seller has to lose in terms of their reputation the more confident you can be in their quality control it's why you buy sandwiches from sandwich shops with a storefront and employees rather than some guy selling $5 Foot Longs out of his van down by the river the sandwich shop stands to lose a lot if the food gets you sick they have an entire business and infrastructure and they could get sued if something goes wrong the guy in the van down by the river will probably be gone the next day and once again we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing you might think this stuff doesn't work on you but you'd be surprised during a project where I was designing food packaging I noticed that when the packaging designs made the food appear more appetizing people almost universally reported that the food tasted a lot better too these things really do influence our perception that's why good brands don't focus on what people say but instead focus on what they feel and what they do now here's the thing scam companies know that real or honest comp companies use these kinds of signaling devices too so they try to emulate their behavior in order to rip you off and I'll talk more about this later in the video but generally speaking if you're doing a quick scam it doesn't pay off to incur too many expenses with high quality branding and design these strategies can be abused but they're pretty reliable overall as we venture deeper into the storm though things go from slightly questionable to full-on dumpster fire there was a study conducted where a company was trying to raise donations for a charity for ironically enough Hurricane Relief these envelopes were mailed out to millions of people some of the envelopes were different from the others tell me if you can guess which ones raised the most money 100,000 were hand delivered by volunteers 100,000 were delivered in an envelope that opened in portrait format 100,000 were in higher quality envelopes and 100,000 encouraged people to complete a form which gave them a 25% tax rebate logic would tell you the 25% tax rebate is the one that raised the most money if you donate a dollar you get 25 cents back none of the other things matter right I mean who cares about a fancy envelope why does it matter if it's hand delivered but as you've probably already learned from this video logic doesn't always matter when it comes to human decision-making the 25% tax rebate actually performed the worst out of all of the above options in fact they got 30% fewer donations the other options increased donations by over 10% the higher quality paper also tended to encourage people to give big donations of more than $100 so what's going on here I mean a lot of it has to do with visual signaling which we explained earlier but another possible reason for the success of the nicer envelopes is the rule of reciprocation we feel the need to return favors when someone goes out of their way to hand deliver an envelope to you you feel indebted to them we hate the feeling of being indebted or beholding to someone else so we often do outsid things to get rid of that feeling of obligation companies also exploit this when they offer free samples knowing customers will feel compelled to buy in one study at a California candy shop customers were 42% more likely to make a purchase when they were given free samples you'd think this happened because the customers liked the product but that wasn't the case here they usually bought other types of candies not the ones that they got free samples of and lastly we equate effort with quality when we see a higher level of effort put into something we assume that it's worthwhile if I tell you that I wrote this video in one day you might not think much of it but if I tell you I researched it for months and have 100 pages of extra notes you probably feel a lot more confident that what I'm saying is true when companies put in a bit of extra effort we appreciate it and feel more inclined to support them by the way if you want to access the full script with like 80 pages of extra notes and want to support the channel check out my patreon link down below so the rule of reciprocation can get a little bit manipulative but now we're really entering the danger zone of the BS Spectrum in Robert cini's book influence he describes a beij Jing restaurant chain that wanted to boost profits without any extra effort or cost they didn't want to Source better ingredients or improve their recipes or spend any any money on Advertising this sounds impossible right they tried labeling menu items Chef special or house recommendation with limited success but labeling menu items with two magical words made all the difference most popular sales went up by 13 to 20% without changing anything else that is social proof social proof is relying on others opinions to make choices especially when we don't have enough information to make an informed decision that's why marketers focus on what is highest rated or best selling they don't need to convince you that a product is good they just need to convince you that other people think it's good if you've read Amazon reviews or chosen a popular on Netflix show You' use social proof speaking of social proof you should subscribe to my Channel or don't do whatever the heck you want I don't even know why it's still say this but anyway social proof is Category 2 on the BS Continuum so let's talk about the way it can be manipulative or unethical first of all it's extremely easy for companies to fake this fake online reviews are pretty common same thing with fake testimonials Plus you're relying on someone else to do the research for you which can be extremely dangerous I mean check out Tom Brady here one of the greatest football players of all time endorsing FTX a cryptocurrency exchange that ended up being a huge fraud at least allegedly I don't know if it's proven yet where many investors lost everything involving Brady is a classic form of social proof but look at the tactics here y I'm in yeah sounds good I'm in I'm in Hey Arthur I quit even if Tom Brady doesn't convince you you've got all these other people saying I'm in you've got line cook surgeons plumbers women men all of various ethnicities and backgrounds this is very intentional social proof is even more effective on us when the people endorsing the product are similar to us if we see people similar to us doing something it doesn't just mean that it's a good idea it also means that it's possible for us to do it it seems more achievable it's similar to when Roger banister ran a mile in under 4 minutes banister trained for years to achieve that goal but once he did it other Runners followed suit just a few weeks later social proof manipulation happens in way more subtle ways as well like this ad with Selena Gomez and her makeup line notice the setting this is a massive brand that brings in like $60 million a year and Selena Gomez is an A-list celebrity you're telling me she can't afford a good microphone and some good lights I mean look at this one you think they accidentally just left the ruffled blanket on the couch by accident this is all by Design they're leveraging her star power and influence but they want to make her seem more relatable to you once again social proof is more effective when the people promoting the product seem like our peers this is why you need to be very skeptical about unrehearsed testimonials ads and tutorials like this so yeah social proof can be really manipulative but it isn't always bad online reviews and testimonials as long as they're verified can be incredibly useful and if a respected celebrity endorses a product their reputation is at stake Selena Gomez probably does really believe in her products and as a person with a following you live and die by your reputation for example when I'm picking a sponsor for my videos it's common for me to ask my friends what they think of it I teach product design at a university and at the beginning of every semester I ask my students to bring in their favorite products one of my best students actually happened to bring in this wallet by exra he said that he's owned this wallet for 3 years and it's still good as new so a few months later when exra approached me to sponsor this video I knew that I could endorse their product and good conscience build quality feels really solid and the cards are held securely in place the really cool thing about this wallet is the way that the cards fan out with the push of a button the slim profile is also really nice too I mean look at this giant wall in my pocket then compare that to the extra if you need more than five or six cards you can also add this super slim clip to the wallet everything is clean secure and organized to get your own extra wallet go check out the link in the description below and use code design at checkout for a 25% discount so anyway I put this tactic in Category 2 it definitely can be abused or it can be a good shortcut but there are bigger storms lubing Over the Horizon as we delve deeper into the BS Continuum here's where things get real designers and brand managers leverage the influence of authority in their messaging all the time in both explicit and subtle ways back in the'80s there was a really successful cough medicine ad confident man tells you Vic's Formula 44 will cure your cough the man is Dr Rick Weber a character from the hit TV show General Hospital the actor mentions he's not a doctor but he plays one on TV but that doesn't really matter with his tailored suit a confident demeanor and an authoritative voice he plays a very convincing doctor and Robert SE his book influence he shines a spotlight on this ad as an intriguing example of authority in advertising once again the actor wasn't a medical expert but that's why it's so crazy because viewers Associated him with his TV Doctor character the ad hit gold and it was a massive hit that ran for years this shows you how powerful Authority is in shaping our decisions you don't need to be a real Authority all you need is the aura of authority and people will follow you now using fake authority figures to shill cough medicine is pretty bad but it gets a lot worse medical experts started to make the connection between lung cancer and smoking by the 1930s in order to combat this sentiment Camel cigarettes created an ad in 1946 that featured doctors they created the tagline that would make modern-day fact Checkers heads explode more doctors smoke camels I mean can you imagine they don't just say the Bold claim they use every trick in the book to make doctors look like trustworthy authority figures there's a sea of white coats stethoscopes everywhere an Entourage of scholarly looking doctors puffing away and this is where the harmless facade of authority turns into a blatant cover up blurring the lines between reality and fiction now don't get me wrong I love a little creative Liberty remember the fake vents from earlier in the video but when it completely is misaligned with reality that's a problem especially when lives are at stake these are more explicit forms of showing Authority but a lot of the times it's even more subtle in the animal kingdom Size Matters it's common for animals to Puff themselves up to avoid combat mammals bristle their fur fish expand their fins and puff up birds flaunt their feathers the the goal is to appear larger and more dominant instead of risking it all in battle many animals turn to optical illusions to puff up their size and flex their Authority our human instincts aren't that different we're all hardwired to associate size with status and Authority ever been wowed by an apple launch event or gone to a store to see merchandise enshrined in glass cases brands are doing their own version of puffing up their feathers here these elements can craft illusions of grandeur and strength but it's important to look past that facade as seini says in his book just like fur fins and feathers these surface level elements masterfully project an air of substance and gravitas that may not actually be real bottom line next time you see a company flexing its Authority take a second look is there substance or is it just fluff now of course not all expert opinions or authority figures are bad sometimes all you need to do is ask yourself two questions number one is the person actually an authority figure in this space and number two what does this person gain by convincing us of this information now it's getting more serious category 4 and a bunch of hurricanes and this is a damaso panta it was bought for $2,500 in 1976 but just 2 years later the car's value skyrocketed to an astonishing $300,000 but why it was a terribly unreliable car suffered a lot of wear and tear and most intriguing of all were the bullet holes that pierced the steering wheel how does a used car with bullet holes in it sell for more than a 100 times its original price it all comes down to scarcity Elvis Presley the king of rock and roll was in a heated argument with his girlfriend Linda Thompson when Linda left Elvis stormed off and jumped into the car probably hoping to dramatically peel out of the parking lot but instead the car wouldn't start so in a moment of fiery passion he took his Colt 45 and shot at the steering wheel yes those bullet holes are the very Echoes of Elvis's Fiery Soul and this is where the scarcity principal takes Center Stage those bullet holes serve as an autograph they're a symbol of el is raw and Untamed Spirit captured forever in steel there's never going to be another Elvis so this panta isn't just a regular car anymore it's a canvas that captured a moment in the King's life this is a testament to how scarcity turns the ordinary into the extraordinary shout out to my buddy rafie for telling me about this story this is common with collectible items like coins limited edition Pokémon cards and even rare stamps but design and branding teams use the same principle of scarcity to sell you all kinds of things when booking.com first start Ed showing a limited number of hotel rooms at a given price people started snatching up rooms so fast that customer service thought it was a systems error but the increase in sales came from showing a limited Supply Shoppers who would normally be sort of on the fence about booking a room quickly turned into buyers things can get so competitive that people could often wait days to get a new pair of Nikes or the next iPhone it's no secret that we want what we can't have not only do we want the same item more when it's scarce but we want it more when we're in competition for it this is classic fear of missing out there's nothing wrong with actual scarcity If an item is not available because of supply chain or manufacturing issues that's understandable but in most cases there's no reason why Apple can't make more phones or fashion brands can't make more clothes in anticipation of a launch they intentionally create an extremely limited supply of shoes in order to create what is known as artificial scarcity artificial scarcity brings out some of our worst Tendencies logic flies out the window and everything is reduced down to one Basic Instinct greed in the same way that big authoritative branding flexes are like an animal instinctually puffing up their feathers artificial scarcity puts us into a primal Feeding Frenzy mindset we're operating on a very simple premise that is true most of the time things that are hard to get are often better than things that are easy to get this is a very general rule that holds true and that's why scar tactics are so effective it's also one reason why a lot of retail stores bring only a couple items out to the storefront at a time not being able to see all the items in stock gives you no indication of whether or not there are any left plus you might feel the need to reciprocate with the store clerk after they went through the trouble of finding the item for you it's so easy to get swept up into the frenzy of course the best way to combat this is to think to yourself do I actually want this thing because it's rare or do I just want it because I need it for its functional utility if it's the ladder you can calm down if it's the former try to assess it more calmly the bottom line is that scarcity and loss aversion are some of the most effective design and marketing tactics there are purely because of how emotionally triggering they are but it's nothing compared to the next level in the Continuum this isn't just any normal hurricane it's a category 5 feal Tempest let's talk about the great Nike barbecue of 2018 a roaring blaze of sneakers and corporate moral High Ground Nike he wanted to partner with Colin Kaepernick for an ad campaign Kaepernick was a very skilled American football player but he's probably most famous for taking a knee during the national anthem in order to bring attention to racial Injustice and police brutality Nike decided to make Kaepernick their spokesperson and created the tagline believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything after these incidents it isn't clear whether the NFL blacklisted him or if he quit on his own accord but one thing for certain is that he was a a very controversial figure so why would Nike sponsor such a controversial athlete potentially alienating a huge chunk of Their audience Nike was trying to build a sense of unity with a segment of its audience who agreed with the Kaepernick ad campaign this might not sound like much but I assure you it's a very very powerful technique in unified tribal groups there's a blurring between the self and others in your tribe neuroscientists have an answer to this phenomenon it turns out if you're asked to imagine yourself and someone from your tribe the same brain circuitry lights up so thoughts of self and tribe members blend together and suddenly your identities are interwoven like a tapestry inside your mind this doesn't happen with people who aren't tribe members unified tribal groups tend to act in solidarity with each other we like each other more we trust each other more and we're more likely to help each other out Brands know that if you view them as part of your tribe you'll be far more likely to buy their products so with Nike it's really not about the shoes or the clothes the swoosh is just a banner under which the tribe for racial equality and social justice gathers they made themselves part of the tribe's Fabric and suddenly everyone wears Nike as if it's the uniform of social change the purchase of a product is like a ticket into a club when you buy a product for Better or For Worse you're making a statement to yourself and to the outer World about what you believe in it's a social signaling device even the choice to actively avoid it and not participate in it is its own kind of signaling device for example driving a Tesla is basically a signaling device that you're part of the in group of young ambitious wealthy Tech workers Patagonia is another similar signal of environmental Consciousness even my leather jacket did I ever tell you that this here jacket represents a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom it's all social signaling so what about the people who disagreed with the ad campaign well remember how I called this the Nike barbecue of 2018 lots of people hated this ad and they decided to post about it on Twitter a domain where rationality takes a back seat and outrage has its foot firmly planted on the gas pedal people were boycotting Nike by burning shoes they've already paid for in the end this outrage was just a bunch of free publicity for Nike Plus the people who agreed with Nike's views doubled down and unified with their tribal group if you know about the unity principle this makes perfect sense an attack on the brand is a personal attack on the individuals who support the brand all said and done this resulted in $ billion in profits for Nike That's The Power of unity and tribalism but when companies jump into social causes it's worth pondering how genuine it is because at the end of the day companies exist to make profits you could make an argument that they're trying to build awareness For A Cause but I'm very skeptical Nike doesn't exactly have the greatest track record when it comes to working conditions and if it wasn't profitable to sponsor Kaepernick Nike would find a way to drop him Nike is certainly not the only company to use the unity principle either you've got Chick-fil-A Gillette Jeremy's chocolate Pepsi Black Rifle Coffee Company Dove soap Patriot mobile all on varying ends of the political Spectrum if we take Chick-fil-A as an example the fast food chain has been known for its stance on lgbtq issues and support for organizations that oppose same-sex marriage but in 2019 they announced that they would no longer donate to these organizations mostly because of public pressure companies are only going to Champion a cause for as long as it's profitable other companies have been following suit with varying levels of success Nike's ad was relatively tasteful whereas other ads have faced considerable backlash and a huge plummet in sales things get dangerous for a brand when they inject themselves into a cultural political or environmental issue outside of their expertise and understanding when companies take this route they have to be really tactful in the way they approach it because it can easily be exposed for what it is an advertisement meant to sell you a product but most of the time companies that use the unity principle are a lot more subtle about it in fact most of the time it has nothing to do with politics at all I mean let's look at the Selena Gomez makeup ad again this isn't just social proof it's a calculated move to evoke the unity principle forging a connection that makes you feel as if you and Selena are in the same tribe watch the intro Papa you're in my video I pranked you it's almost like she's casually spending a day with her family and she's in a homey setting that mirrors the everyday life of her target audience a bit later she says this I wanted to create a line where it was a for people like me it doesn't get more obvious than that I mean Selena wants you to think to yourself she's one of us it's a lot more subtle than the politically charged ads but when you feel that Bond you're more likely to trust and support each other Selena's marketing team is banking on that now look I'm going open-minded guy if finding purpose in your preferred brand or makeup or shoes or cars makes you happy that's great but let's remember that brands are not benevolent Protectors of values they're in it for the money purchases have meaning but nowhere to draw the line if you find yourself setting fire to your favorite shoes because you don't like the company's new ad you're probably taking it way too far same thing if you feel the need to defend a multi-billion dollar corporation on social media trust me they'll be fine without you no Brand's attempt at Unity is important enough to get worked up about that's exactly what they they want you to do anyway and that's why I find these techniques especially harmful essentially Unity tactics are used to build a cult with their Brand's values at the centerpiece of your world but brands are not a standin for real spiritual meaning or a sense of real Community now what if a brand told you they were manipulating you is this better or worse there's some companies that don't even hide the fact that they're basically building a cult it's as if these brands are playing 4D chess with our brains and while part ofy wants to give them Applause for their sheer audacity another part wonders if these companies are just laughing at us for being so gullible let's dive into the deep end with liquid death a name that suggests some sort of horrifically cheap liquor or maybe just poison but no liquid death is just plain water encased in a can that looks like it was ripped straight out of an 80s metal bands merchandise store as a commodity this is as basic as it gets water covers 71% of the earth and somehow we found a way to Brand It liquid death branding is an exercise and absurdity that's so over the top you can't help but laugh at it they engages some seriously dark hum and the water is super fun to drink because the packaging looks like a beer can and yes I know how stupid that sounds but it's true it's really fun to drink they're not even trying to be subtle with manipulating you either their marketing VP is called the VP of cult indoctrination it's like they're saying yeah we're brainwashing you here's your cloak and cult membership card the real kicker is that it kind of works but is this brutal honesty in marketing genuine or just another layer of manipulation it's like they're Whispering we're in on the joke together but are we it's hard to say I do want to acknowledge that liquid death is actually pretty good water their claims are in line with reality which makes it feel a lot more authentic and they also take a portion of profits and donate it to cleaning up Plastics in the ocean I have to say liquid death's brand of honesty is both ridiculous and kind of brilliant it's like they've harnessed the raw energy of 100 internet trolls to sell us water my only critique is that their claims about their environmental friendliness are a little bit dubious yes aluminum is very recyclable and plastic bottles are worse for the environment but I wouldn't say aluminum cans are good for the environment drinking tap water is generally going to be a better option than any packaged water I wanted to bring this up because I think that in order for a brand to be low on the BS Spectrum its claims need to be as in line with reality as possible but besides that liquid death is actually pretty low on the BS Spectrum in despite of being completely over the top they mostly do back up just about everything they say but remember it's still just water in a fancy can some companies take it a step further not only by making it clear that they're trying to manipulate you and build a cult falling but also making fun of you for it dbrand has a Manifesto book where they openly admit that it's just a giant piece of propaganda and they're practically patting you on the back for being stupid enough to buy it I mostly bought it for this video though at least that's what I tell myself as if that wasn't enough they even have an extortion portal where you can just send them money and get nothing back in return I could tell you what dbrand sells but honestly does it really even matter and as if that wasn't crazy enough cars Against Humanity sold over 30,000 boxes of actual BS like actual poop from a bull mailed it to customers and made over $180,000 from it it was meant to be a commentary on unnecessary spending in our consumer culture but it's not hard to see the irony here so why does this work well here's the thing the best companies understand that branding and design is about creating meaning remember we don't value things we value what they mean to us check out this lowly $1 bill there's a way to make this $1 bill worth more than $1 if you somehow manage to Corner Bill Gates and Warren Buffett in an elevator and ask them to scribble their names on this thing the value of this is Multiplied significantly we attach meaning to things through symbolism and storytelling this is what company branding capitalizes on a brand is like an autographed dollar it adds value through the stories and symbols associated with it people don't just buy the product they buy into the story the product represents all of the objects and things in our lives are like repositories of meaning good brands understand this and sometimes all it takes is one descriptive word to change everything it's why liquid death doesn't just say that their product is water it's Mountain water from the Austrian Alps the Austrian Alps has an entire Legacy and Vivid History attached to it a description or a label directs a person's attention towards certain features in a product and helps bring out a certain Concept in our mind the nature of our attention affects the nature of our experience this goes Way Beyond just names it can encaps at an entire Brand's ethos at the end of the day is Apple selling metal electronic rectangles or are they selling tools that allow you to express yourself creatively is Nike just selling foot protection or are they allowing you to reach your full athletic potential each version of these stories are true to varying degrees but some companies take it way too far for my personal taste I mean apparently this Pepsi logo is based on Earth's magnetic fields and gravitational pull and if that's true great I'm all for expressing ideas in a subtle way using visual hand but after a certain point it just comes off as psychotic overanalyzing so is there a problem here I mean it depends adding meaning to things isn't necessarily A Bad Thing and our mental shortcuts exist for a reason they're insanely effective a person in the modern era has to make 35,000 decisions in a day Meanwhile we're so overwhelmed that we're like cats in a laser pointer disco frantically chasing everything while catching nothing when we're stressed tired or distracted we just don't have the time to analyze every little detail so we tap into the mental shortcuts like Authority scarcity etc etc to help us make decisions this is why good photography matters it's why having three stripes on a toothpaste matters it's why good packaging and good design and good branding matters when these mental shortcuts are based on reliable information it's great but as you've seen designers and brand managers try to exploit these shortcuts for their own gain they'll use counterfeit evidence or Shady tactics to make us buy their products under false pretenses so why does this even happen I mean it's easy to say that the employees and owners of these companies are evil Psychopaths and maybe that's true some of the time but I think it's a gross oversimplification most of the individuals inside the companies that I've worked with were genuinely good people and they cared about doing the right thing a few things you're likely to hear anytime employees are having an argument inside of a boardroom are questions like what's best for the customer what's best for the local community or even what's best for the planet these are all Noble causes but teams often can't come to an agreement on these goals it's not uncommon for teams within companies to have conflicting or even opposing goals the one common ground is that they both work at the company and they want it to be successful so they turn to a question that's much more straightforward much easier to measure and far more Sinister what's best for the company as soon as we ask that question it's all over because the answer is always whatever is going to make the company the most money a company is just a machine existing as its own independent abstract entity they optimize profits at all costs sometimes at the expense of their employees the planet and the End customer companies demand constant scale and growth even in Humane mission-driven companies when push comes to shove we need to be able to support our family we want to buy a house we want stability in our lives if the decision is between feeding your family versus stretching the truth a little bit most people are going to choose the latter like many issues that I see in companies the problem is rooted in fear this is a tough problem to solve but one thing I found is that if you don't live in fear you can act more authentically sometimes as a designer it can be hard for me to figure out whether I'm being manipulative with my design work or not one thing that helped me was to define manipulation more clearly within this context manipulating is influencing someone for your benefit without their consent contrast this with educating someone educating someone is influencing someone for their benefit with their consent you want to educate not manipulate I first heard this from my friend Anan and I think it's a good guideline for checking my own behavior I'm from perfect but as a designer I think this is a good question to ask yourself every once in a while Commerce is an inescapable reality but we can still try to leave a legacy behind that's not only prosperous but also kind compassionate and wise branding and design can definitely stretch the truth but it's like a magic show there's a lot of smoke and mirrors it's okay if the audience is in on the joke and suspends their disbelief in order to enjoy the show it's only a problem when companies try to trick you into thinking it's real magic so I've saved the best for last what is the most BS brand what is the brandeston and satire the Pinnacle of human achievement the shirt to end all shirts the shirt t-shirt it's like branding took a long look in the mirror and had an existential crisis in a world The Branding Illusions this t-shirt is the mirror that says look at you buying that shirt and you splendidly self-aware retort yes indeed I am but there's more with the curing off by just a bit this shirt will make designers flee in fear this is not just clothing it's designer repellent want to clear the room at a hipster design Gathering faster than setting a rooma loose with a chainsaw tape to it this is the shirt for you if you want the full experience of a shirt with proper letter spacing you can get the correctly cerned t-shirt for just $2 more that is a bargain for good design now for those of you who are serious about good design I offer you the fancy font shirt like many other designer Brands the mere presence of a fancy logo increases the value considerably for $500 wait 500 hold on for $50 the fancy font shirt has a font so Exquisite it might as well be forged from the tears of Georgio Armani himself sometimes that's all it takes to elevate the value of a commodity slap a designer logo and boom you need a mortgage for your T-shirt and the Crown Jewel of the entire shirt t-shirt line I present to you the design Theory Galactic glyphs t-shirt it says shirt but it's in a madeup alien language that's right I created an entire alien language just for this t-shirt line this shirt doesn't just say shirt on it if you look closely there's a message underneath this font is so fancy you can't even read it without a special decoder that is only deci aable by the design Theory fanatical tribe I'm only selling 20 of these and at $100 I promise you'll be rewarded for your trust in the design Theory cult I mean brand in the design Theory brand maybe there's a cryptic message that will reward you for your efforts what will you find wisdom Fortune perhaps after you buy this shirt which you will not regret believe me just DM me your order number on Instagram for the decoder and become part of the unified design Theory tribe now here's the deal for all the shirts I'm only selling them for the next 40 days once they're gone they're gone I don't have time to manage sales for longer than that I'm only one person and I need to focus on my other design work that isn't completely insane if you like these videos the purchase helps me to continue to make more of them go click the link in the description or head to design theory. store Adorn yourselves in the fabric of irony and rebellious kerning as always you're free to do as you wish I'll still appreciate you no matter what and on the note of appreciation big shout out to my patrons and Discord for helping me with this video If if you want to support the channel another way besides buying t-shirts that are completely insane check out my patreon you get access to over 80 pages of my research from this video research notes from past videos special updates and you'll eventually enable me to create more Niche content that's tailored to exactly what you and I want to talk about rather than what's going to get the most views the link for the patreon is in the description have a great day everyone [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @DigitalDisplaySolutionProvider [1 likes]: As a skilled AI shopping assistant, a dedicated electronic salesperson on permanent duty, an experienced digital promoter, and an untiring smart narrator, the intelligent interactive display system delivers product information quickly and accurately through smart presentation. It reduces labor costs for enterprises or supermarkets, significantly alleviates inventory pressure, increases sales through technology-driven new retail, attracts customers' attention, and enhances corporate image.
  2. @sweetcandy802: I think I need to watch this like at least. 10 times to really grasp it.
  3. @sweetcandy802: What university do you teach product design?
  4. @Ha-ari-qp8en: although i have ADHD i was extremely focus on  this video with my all five senses therefore  i think you are an amazing teacher i appreciate efforts :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  5. @skerr44491: Here in 2026, wondering how the ironically ironic merch sales went.
  6. @annettegustafson1435: Dude, you need someone to design a better hairstyle for you
  7. @cashclay20: mans said these tactics could be shady then hits us with a combo of all the tactics lol. i love this
  8. @muhammadfaishalrachman72: good content and good channel dude, just like the why files, but it focused on design, nice
  9. @michaelritter6004: After 2020 I threw out all Nike products and wouldn’t buy anything Nike for my kids and still don’t .
  10. @CAVEMANsean: Virgil Abloh did the "shirt" thing like 7 years before this video lol
  11. @111Xumi111: 21:00 lol i needed to buy some monitors for work and the cheaper option had only unit in stock and i needed 3, all from the same store...i quick call and they had more in stock. Now i wonder if it was just bad stock tracking or it was to "bump up" the "sale/offer"... (still it was the cheaper option at the time)
  12. @cristianatheodora: the romanian ad :))))))))))))) i can t
  13. @imvivalamilo: 6:04 The body lines on cars are to make them aerodynamic, either to produce downforce on performance cars or to help with fuel efficiency on regular cars. Rim designs on the other hand are supposed to help suck the heat off of the brakes so they don’t overheat, kind of like a reverse ceiling fan
  14. @JayaBanik-y4l: Very nice video
  15. @Nexoraonyt: When the video is packed with so  much value, you do not notice the length. 
You got me hooked all 40 minutes.
  16. @watchit387: that is so true, i cannot count the times i have bought a clothing i did not like because the seller went to trouble of finding my size from the warehouse
  17. @polyestermammoth740: This is all purloined from Rory Sullivan
  18. @watchit387: its funny you stuck with your giant wallet 😅
  19. @watchit387: that blanket is just criminal behaviour
  20. @watchit387: that is also so true, when I was buying new oven I felt immediately relieved and compelled to buy the one which seller said “customer’s favourite”

- The Art of Selling a Feeling: The Rise of Consumer Goods Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en why do we buy what we buy is it the taste of the olive oil the sparkle of water or the comfort of the sneaker or is it something deeper take for example a bottle of graza olive oil it's not just an oil but it's a statement piece for your kitchen liquid death it's water that makes you feel like you're breaking the rules these Brands aren't selling products they're selling feelings confidence Rebellion belonging today we're diving into the psychology behind the products we love why do certain brands make us feel something and why is that feeling worth more than the product itself spoiler alert it's not about what's in the bottle it's about what's in your mind but before we jump in let me paint you a picture think back about how we used to buy things say 20 years ago you needed olive oil you go to the store pick up whatever brand your mom used and that was about it but now now we're joining weight lists for olive oil drops like their limited edition sneakers what changed let's start off with a brief history because this shift didn't happen just overnight in the early 1900s marketing was pretty straightforward companies would basically just say well here's our product here's what it does and here's why it's better than the competition take this here's catalog it was revolutionary at his time but looking look at it now it's almost charmingly simple just some products descriptions and prices no lifestyle shots no emotional storytelling no brand identity just cold hard facts but then something interesting happened in the 1920s advertisers started to realize something profound people don't want to just buy products they buy better versions of themselves Edward Bernies Sigman fud's nephew was actually one of the first people to tap into this he realized that you can sell products by connecting them to people's unconscious desires and emotions let me paint you a perfect example in the 1920s Bernies was hired by the American Tobacco Company to get more women to smoke now at this time it was taboo for women to smoke in public so what did he do he organized a group of women to light up cigarettes in an Easter Sunday parade in New York but here's the genius part he marketed these cigarettes as torches of Freedom suddenly smoking wasn't just about tobacco it was about woman's Liberation he turned cigarettes into a symbol of empowerment now obviously today we know smoking is harmful but the marketing technique that was revolutionary fast forward to today and we're seeing Brands take this emotional marketing to a whole new level now let's talk about our two star examples graza and liquid death first off graza you know what's fascinating about this brand they took what was one of the oldest food products in human history and completely reimagined how we interact with it the product itself it's good allive oil but that's not really what they're selling let's break down their marketing piece by piece first there's the bottle design that squeeze bottle isn't just convenient it's making a statement it's saying hey we're not your grandmother's olive oil we're not precious we're here to be used not saved for special occasion and then there's that color that bold bright green it's not trying to look expensive or traditional it's modern fun almost rebellious when you leave it out on your counter it's not just a cooking ingredient it's basically a kitchen decor but here's what really gets interesting their social media isn't filled with some serious cooking tutorials or traditional Italian recipes instead it's casual approachable content it's people drizzling olive oil on pizza making simple pasta dishes or just dipping bread in olive oil they're selling a feeling of being an effortlessly cool homecook someone who who knows good food but isn't pretentious about it and let me tell you it works the first batch sold out in hours and they've built this almost cult-like following now let's also take liquid death let that name sink in for a minute water call death in a tall boy can that looks like it should be holding beer it's absolutely ridiculous and that's exactly why it works that's the genius of liquid death it's isn't just that they made water edgy it's that they understood something fundamental about their target market they realized that there was this huge group of people who felt alienated by traditional water brands you know all those pristine mountain springs and wellness messaging now instead they went completely counterculture their tagline murder your thirst their marketing campaigns they include things like supplying their water to death metal concerts and creating horror movie trailers about killer water and here's what's fascinating they've turned hydration into a form of rebellion think about that for a second they made drinking water punk rock I mean that's marketing genius on a whole another level let's dive into the psychology behind why those approaches work so well studies in consumer psychology have shown that we make purchasing decisions in our emotional brain first and then we use a rational brain to justify the purchase afterwards Dr Antonio deasio a renowned neuroscientist actually studied people who had damaged that part of the brain responsible for emotions know what he found these people couldn't make decisions about what to buy even though they all the pros and cons without emotional input they're Paralyzed by choice and this is exactly what these modern Brands understand they're not trying to win the rational argument they're trying to win the emotional one now let's talk about how social media has completely transformed this emotional marketing landscape because this is where these Brands really shine take rza's Instagram account they rarely post about the technical aspects of their olive oil instead they post these gorgeously casual videos of people cooking really simple meals it's all about creating what marketers call aspirational but achievable content when you watch someone drizzle that green bottle over a perfectly imperfect bowl of pasta you think hey I could do that and that's exactly what they want now liquid death takes a completely different approach on social media but it's equally brilliant they lean into meme culture they create content that people want to share not because it's advertising but because it's entertaining they released a heavy metal album made from hate comments they created a horror movie trailer about killer water this isn't just marketing It's Entertainment and that's a crucial distinction because when people share these videos or posts they're not sharing an ad they're sharing something that may laugh something that aligns with their sense of humor in identity both of these brands have managed to create something even more valuable than viral content what they've created is communities when you buy graza olive oil you're not just getting a kitchen staple you're joining a community of people who care about cooking but don't take it too seriously now when you drink liquid death you're part of this in joke this movement of simultaneously making fun and revolutionizing beverage marketing and this community aspect it's absolute gold for Brands because when people feel like they're part of something they become brand Advocates they're not just consumers anymore they're ambassadors I mean think about it when's the last time you posted about a regular bottle of olive oil on social media but graza bottles show up on Instagram stories constantly when was the last time you took a picture of your yourself drinking water but people actually proudly post their liquid death cans so where is this all headed what's the future of emotional marketing look like first off we're seeing the rise of what I call Micro emotional targeting thanks to Ai and advanced data analytics brands are getting better at understanding not just what we buy but how we feel when we buy it think about how Netflix recommends shows based on your your watching habits now imagine that level of personalization but for emotional marketing now Brands will be able to identify exactly what storytelling resonates with you personally but here's where it gets really interesting and a little bit concerning honestly as these Technologies Advance Brands will be able to create what feels like personal emotional connections at scale now I think we need to talk about the elephant in the room the ethical implications of all of this because when Brands get good at manipulating our emotions where do we draw the line about 64% of consumers say they're more likely to buy from Brands the aign with their values but here's the catch how do we know if that argument is genuine or just really good marketing take sustainability claims for example we've seen a huge rise of what we called greenwashing Brands making environmental claims that don't hold up to scrutiny but they do it because they know we have an emotional connection to environmental issues and this is where things get really tricky because the better Brands get at emotional marketing the harder it becomes for consumers to really be able to distinguish between authentic brand values and clever marketing tactics so what can we do as consumers about all this I think it's really important to be aware of these techniques understanding how Brands Target our emotions doesn't make their marketing less effective but it does help us make more conscious decisions on what we're buying we need to get better at asking questions when a brand makes us feel something we should ask is this feeling backed by real value are we buying into a marketing story or are we buying a genuinely good product we need to recognize that it's okay to enjoy and participate in this emotional marketing as long as we're doing it consciously there's nothing wrong with buying into a brand story if that story adds real value to your life now let's flip the script for a moment and take a look at this from a business perspective the key I believe lies in what I call authentic emotional marketing this means creating emotional connections that are actually backed up by real value genuine beliefs in actual Community Building look at how Patagonia does this they don't just Market themselves as an environmentally conscious brand they actually put their money where their mouth is they do initiatives like their war and wear program and their environmental activism let's talk about some practical takeaways from everything we've discuss today emotional connection is the new currency in marketing but and this is crucial it has to feel authentic you can't fake it liquid death works because they fully commit to their irreverant personality they never break character second takeaway community building is more powerful than traditional advertising when graa shares user generate content of people cooking with one of their olive oils they're not just showing off their product they're highlighting their Community they're saying look at all these cool people who use product you could be one of them third takeaway Innovation doesn't always mean inventing something new sometimes it means reimagining something old neither graza nor liquid death invented new products they just found new ways to make us feel about existing ones now let me share some predictions about where I think this is all headed we're going to see more Brands focusing on what I call Micro communities instead of trying trying to appeal to everyone they'll create deep connections with smaller more dedicated groups of consumers the line between entertainment and marketing will continue to blur Brands will become content creators storytellers and maybe even entertainment companies in their own right we'll see what I call arise in authentic Tech tools and platforms that help consumers verify brand claims and track corporate Behavior because as emotional marketing gets more sophisticated consumers will demand more transparency next time you feel drawn to a brand pause and ask yourself what emotion they're selling is it confidence Rebellion belonging understanding this could help you make more conscious purchasing decisions we're living in an era where products are no longer just products they're vehicles to Identity community and personal expression the success of Brands like graa and liquid death isn't just changing how we buy olive oil or water it's changing our entire relationship with consumption we're moving from a world of passive consumers to active participants in brand stories this shift has implications far beyond marketing it's affecting how we form communities how we express ourselves and even how we think about authenticity in a digital age the most successful modern brands aren't just selling products they're selling feelings identities and belonging whether it's graza making cooking feel approachable and fun or liquid death making hydration feel rebellious it's all about the emotional connection this shift isn't just changing how we buy things it's changing how we relate to Brands to each other and even ourselves we're moving from this transactional economy to a relationship economy the future of consumer goods marketing isn't about manipulation it's about authentic connection the brands that will Thrive are the ones that can create genuine emotional bonds while delivering real value before we wrap up I just want to challenge you to think about your relationship with Brands what emotions are you buying into what stories are you participating in and most importantly are these emotional connections adding real value to your life if you've enjoyed today's episode make sure to subscribe and hey I'd love to hear your thoughts on this as well what brands do you feel emotionally connected to and what marketing strategies have you noticed also working this has been where we're headed and I'll catch you next week [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kenthiru [2 likes]: I really hope I'm wrong, but your script sounds like you are reading off ChatGPT.
  2. @WarrenHong07: I have a question. Is a personal brand only spark one emotion?
  3. @muallaozdemir1012: In the age of AI, the moats are: creativity, curiosity, community, connection, courage, compassion, and communication.
  4. @muallaozdemir1012: This was an amazing video!! I am currently in the process of creating my own product and brand and the case studies you provided and the takeaways were SO helpful! Thank you and keep up the great work!
  5. @OutlierAthlete-sk3e: Bro this video is fkin amazing
  6. @NoaraPerfumes: extremely undervalued, don't stop what you do!
  7. @adamg5108: How f--king sad this world is... having to sell emotion rather then good quality products...
  8. @e2theoc: Fantastic, to the point, video
  9. @fakename9303: „ i have a dui and my cap is backwards, i have to drink water but it needs to be masculine, ao my bros dint think im a gayboy.“ - yeah, i wonder how that made money….
  10. @DigitalMarketing-g1b: Besttt videoo on marketing frr!!
  11. @officialinternetbread: This is a gold mine of information thank you!
  12. @peterchukarov: 6.29 has an audio cut
  13. @mounabenali5606: Gold 🪙
  14. @bitesizefirst: People became morons that’s the only reason people buying this pretentious crap.
  15. @adarshanand1826: I saw the video , it was put together really well . Hell of an underrated channel . I subbed Yo
  16. @jayonebullet: needs a lil background music broskii
  17. @Stev92: what kind of books do you recommend about the subject? thank you for the video
  18. @thebrandonvu: A very well structured and scripted video. Love this concept, thank you for articulating it so simply.
  19. @LMarsh30: 10/10 video, would love to see more in depth marketing videos
  20. @gb4478: I have always been able to see through the infantile manipulation. I've always known they manipulate wanna bes and make my buying choices accordingly. I find 99% of marketing obvious and, frankly, inane.

- How Brain Science Shapes Your Brand: The Psychology Behind What People Remember: Kind: captions Language: en You know, usually when we talk about building a business, there's this um this expectation of precision, like it feels almost like architecture, >> right? Yeah. Like drawing up blueprints. >> Exactly. You lay a solid foundation, you put up the drywall, you physically see the structure rising, and at the end of the day, the contractor just points at the building and says, you know, there it is. >> It's a very comforting illusion, honestly. I mean, we naturally gravitate toward things that are tangible. We like the elements of business that we can just quantify in a spreadsheet. >> Yeah. Like inventory costs or uh profit margin. >> Exactly. Square footage, the hard numbers. >> But then you step out of the spreadsheet and into the world of brand identity and specifically um verbal strategy and suddenly that architectural blueprint is just it's entirely useless. >> Completely useless. Yeah. >> You're standing in this linguistic and emotional landscape that is honestly it's incredibly murky. Like you cannot put an X-ray on a brand's voice. >> No, you really can't. >> You can't just put a tape measure around a customer's emotional connection to your company. >> It's the absolute definition of diagnostic muddy waters. >> But uh and this is the fascinating part looking at the data we have. This intangible, totally unmeasurable essence is arguably the single most valuable asset a company will ever own. >> Wait, really? More than the product itself? >> Oh, absolutely. I mean, think about it. A physical product can be reverse engineered by a competitor in a matter of weeks. >> Right. Yeah. Someone in another country just makes it cheaper. >> Exactly. But a genuinely resonant brand voice, a real emotional connection that is almost impossible to replicate. >> And I feel like that tension, you know, between the murky and the essential, that's exactly what we're diving into today. So, welcome to this customtailored deep dive designed specifically for you, the listener. >> It's a great one today. Our mission today is highly practical, really actionable, and um maybe just a little bit mind-bending. We are going to map out how to create a unique, powerful, and deeply authentic brand voice for your small business. And we have just an incredible stack of source material to help us navigate this. >> Yeah, the diversity of the sources today is what makes this so fascinating, Tim. I mean, we were pulling from comprehensive brand strategy workbooks, >> which are super dense, >> very dense, but also university lesson plans that are focused specifically on building brand kits, >> right? >> Plus deep dive articles breaking down the actual literal neuroscience of brand gaming. >> That part is wild. >> It really is. And uh we also have the very dry but necessary federal trademarking guidelines from the US PTO and several really compelling case studies on emotional branding and verbal identity. >> And the central premise running through like every single one of these documents is that a brand is so much more than a logo. >> Oh yeah. A logo is just a symbol on a page. >> Exactly. A brand is a living conversation. So, over the course of this deep dive, we're going to explore how to scientifically engineer a brand name using actual brain anatomy, >> which sounds like sci-fi, but it's real, >> right? And how to infuse that name with genuine emotion. How to listen to the absolute chaos of social media chatter to shape your personality. >> It's a lot of chatter. >> It is. Plus, how to use ancient narrative models to tell a story. And finally, how to ensure your company's internal culture actually matches the external promises you are making to the world. >> But you know, before we get too far into the weeds here, I think it's important to just kind of set a reassuring tone for the listener. >> Yeah, good idea. >> Because when we start throwing around phrases like the neuroscience of linguistic processing or, you know, federal trademark design codes, it can sound incredibly intimidating. >> Oh, for sure. If you're a small business owner and you're currently wearing like five different hats, >> you're doing the accounting, the shipping. >> Exactly. The idea of conducting text analytics might sound like a luxury that's only reserved for multinational corporations, >> right? But the science we're going to unpack today is entirely accessible. I mean, their principles are deep, yes, but the application does not require a million-doll ad budget. >> And that is the ultimate goal here. You can consider this your ultimate toolkit for building an identity. And um I think the most surprising takeaway for me as I was reading through these sources is just how psychological branding actually is. >> Oh, it's pure psychology, >> right? It's basically about understanding human nature at a biological level. So before we can even begin to construct like a complex brand story or figure out a conversational tone, we need a starting point, an anchor. >> The name. >> The name. According to the neuroscience literature in our stack, a brand's voice actually begins with the literal physical sound it makes inside a consumer's mind. >> The neuroscience of sound is just a remarkable field. I mean, at the very center of brand name memorability is this phenomenon known as linguistic processing. >> Okay, break that down for us. >> Well, to understand it, we have to recognize a fundamental truth about human biology, which is our brains are incredibly efficient, >> which is really just a polite way of saying they're lazy, right? That is exactly what it means. The brain constantly seeks the path of least resistance. It wants to recognize patterns, make snap associations, and extract meaning while burning the absolute minimal amount of caloric energy possible. >> So, if a word is um difficult to pronounce or it just requires too much cognitive effort to decipher, >> a brain just discards it. >> Just tosses it out. Yeah. >> It just flat out refuses to encode it. That's the biological reality. >> Wow. When a consumer encounters a new brand name, factors like phonetic structure, um how the name physically sounds, the syllable count, all of that dictates whether that name is remembered or just instantly forgotten >> because it's literally too much work to remember it. >> Exactly. Studies in cognitive psychology demonstrate this over and over again. Words with an easy pronunciation and a predictable rhythmic flow simply stick better in our neural pathways. >> Okay, the sources give a really fascinating example of this regarding consonant and vowel structures. They pointed to the water brand Dani. >> Ah yes, a perfect case study in phonetic engineering >> because when you break Dani down, it uses the most basic consonant vowel pattern possible. Right. Dani, >> consonant, vowel, consonant, vowel, consonant, vowel. >> Yeah. And the article points out that this specific structure, it's not an accident. >> Not at all. >> It intentionally mirrors how babies first learn language. It's the absolute foundational basis of human speech development, >> which is why it's universally easy to pronounce. virtually regardless of what your native language happens to be, you're tapping into a deeply ingrained preconcious linguistic pattern. >> That is so wild to me. Like they engineered a water brand to sound like baby talk, basically >> but sophisticated baby talk. >> And the science goes much deeper than just making a word easy to articulate. There's an entire sub field of linguistics discussed in the sources called sound symbolism. >> Right. Sound symbolism. >> Yeah. This is the study of the audible properties of a name. like how a sequence of letters sounds to our ears. Yeah. Entirely independent of any actual semantic meaning. >> So divorcing the definition of the word from just the physical sound of the word. >> Exactly. It starts with the physical mechanics of speech. How air is pushed through your vocal cords, over your tongue, and out of your mouth. >> This is the part that completely blew my mind because different sounds when forced out of the mouth in certain ways subconsciously signal abstract concepts. >> They do. like the sound itself makes a name feel bigger or faster or heavier or more relaxing. >> Right? So, let's look at how this plays out in the real world. Think about the automotive industry. >> Okay? >> When a car manufacturer is designing a sports car, they are trying to sell a specific feeling, energy, speed, dependable action, aggression. >> Right. You don't want a relaxing sports car. >> Exactly. And the data shows they consistently gravitate towards specific letters to achieve this. the letters J, P, S, H, K, and V. >> Jaguar, Corvette. >> There you go. >> Right there. You can actually feel the difference. Like when you say Jaguar or Corvette, the air doesn't just flow out. It's um it's forced out in these sharp active bursts. >> Linguists call those sounds fricatives andlosives. >> Fricatives implosives. Okay. >> Yeah. The physical act of stopping the air flow and releasing it suddenly creates a micro sensation of action and liveless in the speaker's mouth and in the listener's ear. Wow. >> Now, contrast those sharp active bursts with a completely different sector like the hospitality industry or the cosmetics industry. They aren't selling speed or aggression. >> Definitely not. They're selling comfort, luxury, relaxation, like a sense of being taken care of, >> right? And because of that goal, the highest ranking hotel chains and cosmetics brands in the world show a massive statistical preference for gentle sonorous sounds. >> Sonorous sounds. >> Yeah. They rely heavily on the letters M, H, W, L, R, and N. >> Marriott, Hilton, L'Oreal. >> Say those names aloud and notice what happens to your breath. There are no sharp stops. The air flows smoothly and continuously. >> Marriott. Hilton. Yeah. It's a soft murmur. >> Exactly. The corporations behind these brands aren't just picking names out of a hat because they look nice on a letterhead. They're literally engineering the airflow out of your mouth to induce a subconscious feeling of relaxation. It's incredible to think that the physical mechanics of speaking a word dictate our emotional response to the product before we even know what the product does. >> It's powerful stuff. >> And the research notes that these sound symbolism properties hold up surprisingly well across different languages and cultures, too. Like, it's a universal human response to auditory stimuli. >> Yes, it crosses borders very effectively. But, you know, it isn't just about what we hear, because the sources also dive really heavily into visual spelling mechanics. How a name looks when it's type set on a page or a screen matters just as much. >> Oh, the visual component triggers a completely different set of cognitive shortcuts. The article on naming mechanics highlighted a really fascinating study regarding the use of double consonants. >> Right. And they use Google as the prime example here. >> They did. So comparing the actual spelling of Google G O O G L E with a phonetic alternative like gu. >> Phonetically if you read them aloud they are identical. >> Yeah. >> The sound symbolism remains exactly the same but visually >> Uhhuh. >> the brain processes them very differently. >> How so? >> Well the study revealed that when consumers see a product name with doubled consonants, they subconsciously assume the product itself has more options, more features, or more value. Let me make sure I'm wrapping my head around this. Because there are literally more of the same letter packed into the word, the lazy brain assumes the product itself is packed with more stuff. >> That is the essence of a cognitive huristic. >> That is wild. >> The brain equates visual density in the word with functional density in the product. It's an entirely illogical leap, but it happens reliably. >> And it doesn't stop at double consonants either. The sources also explored the visual power of palendromes. You know, words that are spelled the exact same way forwards and backwards. Yes. The examples they gave were Sonos, the audio company, and Kayak, the travel search engine. >> Palendromes offer a very specific type of cognitive relief, visual symmetry. >> Oh, right. Because we like symmetry. >> We love it. The human brain is hardwired to seek out symmetry in nature. We associate it with health, stability, and order. So, when we see a brand name like Sonos or Kayak, that visual balance is incredibly pleasing. >> Soothing. Exactly. It reduces the cognitive load required to process the word, making it exceptionally easy to encode into memory. >> Which brings us to the actual biological process of encoding. The sources went deep into the brain anatomy involved when we encounter a new brand name. >> They really did. >> We're talking about transforming sensory information like a sound or visual shape into permanent neural signals. And apparently functional MRI scans show that truly memorable brain names cause a cascade of activity in very specific brain regions. >> The sequence of that brain activity is crucial for a small business owner to understand. The first checkpoint is the amydala. >> The amydala. >> This is the brain's emotional processing center. When a brand name triggers curiosity, surprise, or a positive emotional resonance, >> the amygdala lights up. Its job is essentially to act as a filter. So it's like a bouncer at a club. >> Yes, perfect analogy. When it activates, it sends a signal to the rest of the brain saying, "Pay attention. This piece of information carries emotional weight." >> So if the amydala doesn't feel anything, like if the name is completely bland or generic, >> the process stops right there. >> Just dead in the water. >> The brain drops the information to save energy. It never makes it past the front door. >> Okay. But if the amydala does fire, then what? Then it passes the baton to the prefrontal cortex. >> Right? >> This is the region responsible for executive functions, conscious decisionm and attentional control. A novel standout name forces the prefrontal cortex to actively engage with it to ponder it. >> And then assuming the amydala felt something and the prefrontal cortex focused on it, what happens next? >> Then and only then is the data passed to the hippocampus. >> The memory center. >> Exactly. The hippocampus is the region responsible for consolidating short-term data into long-term memory. That is the ultimate goal. You want your brand name stored in the hippocampus so that 3 weeks later when the consumer is actually ready to buy, the name is waiting for them. >> So applying this to the listener trying to build their business right now. >> Picking a name is not just a casual brainstorming session over coffee. >> No, not at all. >> You are basically attempting to pick a biological lock. >> That's exactly what you're doing. You have to bypass the brain's inherent laziness, trigger an emotional response in the amygdala using sound symbolism or visual symmetry, hold the attention of the prefrontal cortex, and secure a permanent spot in the hippocampus. >> It's a tall order. >> It is. But let me push back on one aspect of this because the sources say the brain craves semantic relevance. Like it wants the name to make logical sense regarding the product, right? Like the example of Amazon evoking massive scale and vastness, which perfectly aligns with a store that sells literally everything. >> Sure, >> but if that's true, how do completely invented, meaningless words succeed? The sources mention Swiffer and Pentium? Those aren't real words. They have zero semantic relevance. >> It's a great question, and it highlights the sheer power of sound symbolism. >> Okay. >> Invented words succeed precisely because they abandon semantic meaning entirely. They rely 100% on the phonetic structures we just discussed. Think of a word with pre-existing meaning as a house that is already built, >> right? You're stuck with whatever it looks like. >> You have to live with the associations that come with it. But by inventing a word, you are presenting the brain with an empty lot, a blank slate. >> You use the phonetic structure to dictate what kind of house the consumer builds on that lot. >> So with Swiffer, the Sue and the double F create a fast sweeping light sensation. Yes. It literally sounds like a lightweight broom gliding across a floor. >> Exactly. And pantium. It utilizes the pllosive P suggesting power and impact combined with a suffix adium that we culturally associate with elemental metals or scientific foundations >> like titanium, >> right? So it sounds structural, robust, advanced. You bypass the need for a dictionary definition by making the name actually feel like the product. >> You bypass the logical brain entirely and speak directly to the emotional sensory brain. That makes perfect sense. But um this is where our deep dive hits a rather massive wall of reality. >> Ah yes, the legal wall. Because you can spend months engineering the perfect symmetrical amygdala activating palindrome. You can engineer the airflow perfectly. But none of that matters if the name infringes on someone else's trademark. >> None of it. >> The most phonetic name in the world is completely useless if a judge orders you to stop using it. And the USPTO, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, they do not care about your sound symbolism. >> They absolutely do not. Yeah. This is where the creative journey crashes into very strict legal mechanics. Before a business owner even considers applying for a federal trademark, they must conduct a rigorous clearance search. >> The goal is to determine if your engineered name is actually available for use in connection with specific goods or services. and the USPTO guidelines in our stack make it clear that this is a highly complex layered process. >> Yeah, the sources outline a specific search strategy and honestly looking at the syntax they use, it feels a bit like trying to navigate a wildly crowded party while looking for one specific person. >> I like that analogy. Let's run with that >> because otherwise we're just going to drown in database jargon. >> It is very dry. I think visualizing it as a party is a very helpful way to understand the database search. Okay, so according to the guidelines, the absolute first step is the knockout search. The USPTO system allows you to search the combined mark field using a specific tag, which is CM colon. >> The CM tag. Yes. >> So if I have engineered the perfect name, let's say I want to call my company Bluebird, I would enter CM Bluebird. In the context of our crowded party, this knockout search is basically like standing by the front door and scanning the room to see if anyone is wearing your exact same outfit down to the very last button. >> And if you spot someone, you're knocked out. You have to go home and change. >> It is the most fundamental filter. If an exact match exists for your goods and services, the search is over. But, and this is a big butt, a clear knockout search often gives business owners a false sense of security. >> How so? Because trademark infringement is rarely about identical letter for-letter matches, >> the legal standard is the likelihood of confusion. So passing the knockout search simply means you are allowed to proceed to the next much more difficult step, the expanded search. >> Right? So back at the party, I've confirmed no one is wearing my exact outfit. >> Safe so far. But the expanded search means I now have to literally walk through the crowd and look for anyone wearing my colors or like a similar style of jacket even if it isn't identical. >> Exactly. >> Cuz if we look too similar, the other guests might confuse us. >> Applying that to the USPTO database, this is where you must use wild cards to catch partial matches. The system uses symbols like an asterisk or a forward slash dot combination to search for variations. >> So I can't just search Bluebird. No, you have to search to see if someone has registered bluebirds plural or bluebirding or a compound phrase like bluebird tech. If your proposed trademark includes multiple words, the guidelines state you must expand each individual word and search all possible combinations. >> Wow. And the guidelines stress that you have to search alternative spellings and pronunciations too because another company might have registered B L U B U R D, >> right? Which sounds exactly the same. And the USPTO recommends using regular expressions to catch these phonetic similarities, which actually ties right back to the neuroscience we were just talking about. >> It does. >> The trademark office knows that if a consumer says the two names out loud and they sound identical, the brain will confuse them regardless of how they're spelled. >> The auditory confusion is a massive factor in trademark disputes. And this brings us to one of the most obscure yet totally vital parts of the clearance process, the design code search. design code. >> Yes, if your brand identity includes a logo, a specific font treatment, or literally any visual element, you are required to search for conflicting visual marks as well. >> Sticking with our party analogy, this would be like thoroughly checking to make sure no one else at the event has your specific highly visible tattoo. >> That is an excellent comparison. >> And to facilitate this, the USPTO maintains a massive, highly detailed design search code manual. Every conceivable visual element is assigned a six-digit numerical code. >> And the sources give a specific example of this, right? The code DC.050101. >> Yes. That code is dedicated entirely to evergreens and other trees of triangular or conicle shapes. >> Just for pine trees. >> That's so granular. >> Extremely granular. If your proposed logo incorporates a pine tree, you cannot simply type the word tree into the search bar. You must query DC.050. to pull up every single registered trademark utilizing that specific shape. >> And it gets even more complicated, right? >> Yes. Because you can use wild cards within the design codes, too. Searching DC.0501 question mark question mark will broaden the parameters to find all trademarks featuring any tree or bush design, regardless of its specific geometric shape. >> It just sounds utterly exhausting. It >> is a process. >> And there's a crucial caveat the USPTO points out, too. You must focus your efforts on live trademarks. A dead trademark, one that has been abandoned or canceled, cannot be cited by an examining attorney to stop your federal registration. >> Though, the sources do warn the dead marks might still cause common law issues depending on your specific state. So, you can't totally ignore them. >> Good to know. But the really tricky part, the aspect that seems to catch small businesses offguard constantly, is the definition of related goods. >> Oh, this is a major stumbling block. Yeah. A business owner will do their search and they find a live trademark for Bluebird, but they think, "Well, that company sells Bluebird coffee mugs and my company sells Bluebird roasted coffee beans." Mugs and beans are totally different classes of product, so I'm safe, >> right? I sell beans, they sell mugs, no problem. But the US PTO doesn't view it that way. >> Not at all. The legal test is whether a consumer could mistakenly believe the two products originate from the same source. If the goods are sold together, used together, or advertised in similar channels, the USPTO considers them related. >> And coffee beans and coffee mugs are deeply related. >> Exactly. If the examining attorney decides there is a likelihood of confusion, they will issue an office action refusing your application. And it's vital to note the US PTO does not refund your filing fees if you are rejected. >> Ouch. That is a harsh financial reality for a startup. So let's look at what we've established so far. To build this foundation, you need a name that flows effortlessly off the tongue, engineered with specific fricatives or sonnerous sounds that evoke the exact feeling of your industry. It needs to be visually balanced emotionally novel enough to wake up the amygdala and legally cleared through a labyrinth of knockout searches, wildcard expansions, phonetic spelling checks, and numerical design code validations. That is a monumental task. >> It is a gauntlet. There's no denying that. >> But assuming you survive the gauntlet, assuming you secure the perfect legally protected name, what actually happens next, right? >> Because as much as we just analyze the name, a recognizable word is really just an empty label. It's a placeholder. It doesn't actually mean anything until you fill it with a reason to care. Which brings up the next major theme in our sources, empathy and emotional branding. >> This is where it gets really interesting. Once you've managed to get the brain's attention, how do you hold the heart? >> The sources are unequivocal on this point. Human choices, even in strict business-to- business environments where people pretend to be purely rational, are rarely logical. >> Right? Everyone thinks they make choices based on spreadsheets. >> They don't. The data indicates that emotional cues drive approximately 70% of human decision-making. >> 70%. That means all the feature lists, the pricing matrixes, the functional guarantees, that only accounts for 30% of why someone chooses your business over a competitor. >> Exactly. And the financial return on investment for capturing that 70% is staggering. The emotional branding material site research from the Harvard Business Review demonstrating that emotionally connected customers are more than twice as valuable as customers who are merely satisfied. >> That is a massive distinction. We are so conditioned to strive for customer satisfaction. We think if the product works as advertised and the shipping is on time, we've won. >> But this data says satisfaction is just the baseline. It isn't enough to build a resilient brand. Yeah, the product was fine. Does not generate loyalty. >> Merely satisfied customers will just abandon you the moment a competitor offers a product that is slightly cheaper or slightly faster, right? >> In a heartbeat. Emotionally connected customers behave entirely differently. They are heavily engaged. They have a significantly higher lifetime spend. And crucially, they act as vocal, unpaid advocates for your brand. >> They build your brand equity organically through word of mouth. >> Yes. To achieve that level of connection, the sources repeatedly emphasize a specific mandate. >> You must lead with empathy. >> Okay, let's unpack what leading with empathy actually looks like in a business context because it sounds like a buzzword. >> It does, but true emotional branding requires a fundamental shift in perspective. It means moving away from a transactional mindset which is what can I sell you today right >> and adopting a deeply relational mindset which is how can I understand your daily reality. >> Empathy and branding is the rigorous process of understanding your target audience's hidden habits, their unspoken fears, their daily motivations, and the unmet needs they might not even be able to articulate themselves. >> And the strategy workbooks discuss a dual approach to cementing this connection. They argue that you have to balance the emotional pull with rational justification. Emotions might drive 70% of the choice, but the logical 30% is required to reassure the buyer that they aren't making a foolish mistake. >> We see this dual approach executed brilliantly by massive legacy brands. Take Patagonia for example. >> Oh, great example. The emotional core of their brand is fierce environmental activism, a deep love for wild spaces, and a shared sense of moral purpose with their customers. That is the empathy. That's the heart. But they do not rely on emotion alone. >> Right. Because if the jackets fell apart in the rain, no one would buy them. >> Exactly. On the rational side, they provide the functional proof of incredibly durable, highly technical outdoor gear backed by an ironclad repair guarantee. The emotion draws you in. The rational quality justifies the premium price. or Apple. The emotional pull is an aesthetic sense of calm, the desire for simplicity in a chaotic digital world, and the feeling of belonging to a specific creative class. But the rational reassurance is the high-end technical performance and the seamless ecosystem. You absolutely need both. >> You do. >> But I have to ask the obvious question here. It is incredibly easy for Nike or Apple or Patagonia to execute a dual approach. They have vast resources, >> millions of dollars. >> Yeah. They can spend millions on sweeping cinematic commercials that forcefully generate an emotional response. How does a local small business, a listener who might be bootstrapping their operation from a garage, actually implement emotional design on a shoestring budget? >> This is exactly why the Chutney Castle case study is included in the source material. It is one of the most powerful examples of emotional branding I have ever seen specifically because it answers that exact question of budget and scale. >> Tell me about the Chutney Castle. So, the Chutney Castle is a local charity initiative. Their mission is to reduce local food waste by taking surplus unsold produce from markets and organizing community cooking classes to transform that produce into jams and chutneys. >> So, by definition, they have absolutely zero budget for massive cinematic ad campaigns. >> Zero. They had to build emotional resonance entirely through their packaging design at the point of sale. And they did it using profound psychological insight rather than capital. >> I want to visualize this. What did the physical product look like? >> Well, if they had followed standard functional business logic, they would have printed simple uniform labels. The label would say strawberry jam, feature a barcode, list the ingredients, and maybe have a simple logo. That is functional, >> right? Boring, but functional. >> Instead, they utilized interactive handwritten labels. H >> when local community members came to the cooking classes to process the donated fruit, they weren't just treated as factory labor. They were encouraged to literally name the specific batch they created. And they were asked to sign their own names on the labels of the jars they produced. >> Oh wow. That is a subtle but massive shift. >> It changes everything. When those jars eventually made it to the market shelves, the label did not just communicate what was in the jar. It communicated who made it. So, a shopper wasn't just looking at a jar of jam. They were looking at Sarah's spiced strawberry rescue with Sarah's actual handwriting right there on the glass. >> Exactly. The designers realized that shifting the label from a functional mindset to a deeply emotional human mindset completely transformed the customer experience. >> Let's dissect the psychology of that handwritten name because it impacts two completely different groups of people. First, you had the creators, the people who actually cooked the jam, >> right? For the community members, signing their name generated an immense sense of ownership, agency, and pride. They were no longer just volunteers. They were artisans. Yeah. >> Once they named and signed their creation, they formed a powerful emotional bond with the physical product, which actively furthered the charity's core mission of reducing food waste. You do not throw away something you proudly put your name on. >> And then you have the consumer, the person walking down the aisle in the market looking to buy jam. How does the handwritten label affect them? For the consumer, that small, inexpensive design detail triggers immediate empathy. In a grocery store filled with thousands of identical, industrially turned out products, encountering a handwritten name is startling. >> It breaks the pattern. >> It provides immediate visual proof that the product was crafted by a human hand in their own community. It cost the charity essentially nothing extra to use a blank label and a pen. But the emotional resonance, the feeling of connection, locality, and authenticity was profound. >> It is brilliant. It completely bypasses the traditional methods of building trust. The neuroscience article we discussed earlier touched on the concept of the mere exposure effect. >> Oh yes. >> Which is the psychological phenomenon where people develop a preference for something simply because they are exposed to it repeatedly over time. Like the more frequently you see a logo, the more familiar it becomes and the more your brain trusts it. >> Familiarity lowers cognitive friction at the point of purchase. >> But here is the hard truth for our listener. A small business simply cannot afford to buy mere exposure. >> No, you can't. >> You don't have the capital to put your logo on every billboard, podcast ad, and television screen until the public is forced to become familiar with you. You have to find a shortcut to that trust. And the Chutney Castle proves that deep emotional resonance is that shortcut. If you can trigger a genuine feeling of belonging, pride, or community safety, you can build trust in an instant rather than waiting for the mere exposure effect to kick in over 5 years of expensive advertising. >> That is the defining advantage of a small business. You substitute massive financial resources with deep surgical psychological insight. You outcare the competition. >> Well said. But this naturally raises the next critical hurdle. If the goal is to lead with empathy, to build this profound emotional connection, you have to actually understand what your specific customers are feeling. >> You cannot sit in an empty room staring at a whiteboard and guess what their unmet needs are. Empathy requires active sustained listening. >> Which means we have to talk about how a brand actually listens and how it uses what it hears to shape its personality. This requires us to define a term that appears constantly throughout the source material. Verbal identity. >> Yes. >> And the sources are very quick to clarify that verbal identity is not just a clever tagline. >> Oh, a tagline is merely the tip of the iceberg. Verbal identity encompasses the entire linguistic DNA of a brand. >> The DNA, >> it's the tone, the vocabulary, the cadence, and the distinct, recognizable personality that must be discernible in every single piece of communication. So, it's the headline on your homepage, the instructions on your packaging, the specific phrasing you use when replying to a frustrated customer on Twitter. >> Yes. And even the tone of the automated email receipt someone gets at 300 a.m. It is the holistic voice of the company. >> And according to the industry experts and strategy workbooks, developing this identity requires analyzing what they call the triad of brand language. >> The triad, >> it's a three-pronged approach to linguistic auditing. A business cannot just invent a voice. It has to understand the existing conversation. >> What are the three prongs? >> The triad consists of analyzing. First, how the broader industry generally speaks to consumers. Second, the language the brand itself is currently using. And third, the language the consumers use when talking about the industry or their problems. >> Historically, capturing and analyzing consumer language at scale was incredibly difficult and expensive. You had to run focus groups or conduct massive phone surveys. >> Yeah. Totally out of reach for a small business. >> Exactly. But today, the primary source of this raw, unfiltered data is social media chatter. Consumers are openly broadcasting exactly what they care about, what frustrates them, what delights them, and crucially, the exact vocabulary they use to describe their >> But because the volume of this data is so massive, small businesses must learn to leverage text analytics programs. >> Right? You use software tools to scrape social media platforms, online review sites, and niche forums to pinpoint recurring keywords, common phrases, and the underlying emotional connotations present in the marketplace. >> You're essentially conducting a forensic linguistic audit of your target demographic. >> And the ultimate objective of this forensic audit is to identify the mismatch. the mismatch. >> You are hunting for the gap between the polished professional language your brand is broadcasting and the messy emotional language your consumer is actually using. >> Let me try to make this concrete with a hypothetical scenario. >> Let's do it. >> Let's say a listener is running a small software company that sells a project management tool for creative agencies. Internally, the marketing team is very proud of the software and they describe it using words like synergy, optimization, agile frameworks, and seamless cross-platform integration. >> Very standard corporate speak. >> That's their established brand language. But then they run a text analytic scrape on their users social media chatter and the specific subreddits where creative directors hang out. The data comes back and the users aren't talking about agile frameworks. >> What are they saying? They are using phrases like, "I just want to stop dropping the ball. Managing this team is like hurting cats. This software saved my sanity, and I just need a tool that gets out of my way so I can get it done." >> That is a classic, massive mismatch, >> And the sources explicitly state that ignoring these pre-existing linguistic associations in the market makes a brand look profoundly inauthentic or worse, entirely out of touch. >> Verbal identity is not a broadcast mechanism. It is a two-way dialogue. If your audience is using casual, highly emotional, outcome focused language like saving my sanity and your brand stubbornly continues to use stiff feature focused corporate jargon like seamless integration, the trust is broken before the conversation even begins. >> You sound like a corporate robot attempting to talk to a stressed out human. >> But let me throw a wrench into this methodology. The triad of brand language and using text analytics to scrape reviews sounds absolutely fantastic if you were an established company that already has thousands of vocal customers tweeting about your product. >> but what if a listener is a brand new small business? What if they are launching next Tuesday? Their social media chatter is literally non-existent. It's just their mom liking their Instagram posts. How do you analyze a conversation that hasn't happened yet? >> It is a very common, very frustrating hurdle for startups. But the solution is actually quite elegant. You pivot the focus of your text analytics. >> Okay. Pivot where? >> Instead of searching for mentions of your non-existent brand, you point the software directly at the broader industry and specifically at your largest competitor's audiences. You audit the Goliath to build your David. >> Okay. Walk me through how that works in practice. >> You analyze the massive volume of chatter surrounding the biggest, most established players in your space. You read their negative reviews. You scrape the forums where their users complain. What you are looking for are the gaps, >> the unmet needs. >> Yes, you are looking for places where consumers are expressing an unmet emotional need or showing profound frustration with the standard jargon the industry giants use. >> Oh, I see. >> If every major competitor in your space is communicating with cold, clinical, highly technical language and the text analytics reveal that consumers in the forums are desperately asking for warmth, human guidance, and simplicity. You have just found your unique verbal >> You don't just copy what the consumer says. You shape your entire brand voice to fill the exact void the competitors are ignoring. You adopt the underlying emotion of the frustrated consumer and reflect it back to them as the solution. >> Precisely. You validate their feelings by adopting a language that proves you actually listen to them. >> Okay. So, let's take inventory here. We have hacked the neuroscience of our name to ensure it encodes in the brain. We have found the emotional core of our offering, leading with empathy rather than mere exposure. >> Yes, >> we have scraped the social chatter to find the exact vocabulary our audience is using. And we've pinpointed our tone. We know exactly what we want to say and how we want to sound. >> Oh, perfect. >> But a pile of linguistic data and a list of empathetic vocabulary words does not equal a brand. >> No, it doesn't. >> If you just hand that to a graphic designer or a social media manager, it will devolve into a mess. We need a structure to hold it all together. >> Which brings us to the next critical phase. Structuring the message through narrative models and brand kits. Having a voice is only half the battle. You need a framework to deliver that voice consistently >> and visual guard rails to ensure the aesthetic presentation doesn't contradict the verbal message. >> Exactly. The concept of narrative models was touched on in several of the sources, noting that the strongest verbal identities are almost always anchored in a recognizable narrative structure. >> Because human beings are fundamentally storytelling creatures, >> we are we naturally instinctively frame our daily experiences, our challenges, and our purchases in the context of recognizable stories. It is how we make sense of a chaotic world. We assign roles to the people and the products we interact with. So, a successful brand must proactively audit its own history, its mission statement, and the social data it just collected to determine its optimum narrative model. >> Right? Are you the rebel challenging the bloated, expensive status quo of your industry? Are you the sage offering calm wisdom and expert guidance to an overwhelmed consumer? Are you the everyman providing reliable, nononsense comfort? >> It feels exactly like picking the genre of a movie. You have to know what kind of story you're telling before you start writing the dialogue. >> That's a perfect way to look at it. >> Because if you are selling a cozy, feelgood romantic comedy, you cannot cut a trailer using the booming dramatic voice over from a highstakes action movie. It creates intense cognitive dissonance. The audience gets confused. >> They absolutely do. Applying this to our earlier hypothetical, if your text analytics data reveals that your customers are stressed out and desperately want a helpful guide narrative like the sage, then your typography, your color palette, and your copywriting tone cannot be screaming aggressive, disruptive rebel. >> The alignment must be absolute. And the fascinating thing about narrative models is that sometimes simply changing the narrative genre without altering the physical product in any way can completely revitalize a struggling brand. If you change the story the consumer tells themselves about your product, you fundamentally change the perceived value of that product. But to ensure that specific story is told consistently across a website, a billboard, and a social media feed, you must build a brand kit. The university lesson plan from Dartmouth outlines this process beautifully, calling it moving from chaos to cohesion. A brand kit is the foundational internal document that officially connects aesthetic judgments to your strategic narrative goals. >> And it is important to note that a brand kit is not just a simple PDF listing your hex codes and font names, >> right? It's not a mood board. >> It is the absolute law of the land for your brand's identity. The core elements of a comprehensive brand kit dictate far more than the logo. It establishes strict rules for typography, primary and secondary color palettes, the use of shapes and dimensions in photography, and crucially, it houses the voice and tone guidelines we just developed. >> The most vital takeaway from the Dartmouth material is understanding that a brand kit is a highly strategic tool. The sources make a profound statement about this relationship. They argue that the visual identity is essentially the body language of the verbal voice. >> It is a perfect metaphor. Think about human interaction. If someone is speaking to you with warm, empathetic, conversational words, but their body language is rigid, their arms are crossed, and they're glaring at you. >> You don't trust the words. >> Exactly. The body language contradicts the voice. And brands do this all the time. >> Oh, yeah. If your text analytics led you to develop a verbal identity that is accessible, friendly, and conversational, but your brand kit dictates the use of a harsh, jagged, hyper modern typography paired with a stark neon color palette. >> The visual body language is aggressively contradicting the verbal voice. >> The consumer feels a subconscious unease, even if they can't articulate exactly why they don't trust the website. To illustrate the stakes of this alignment, the Dartmouth lesson plan highlights an incredible contrast using case studies of success and failure. They dissect the infamous Gap logo redesign as a cautionary tale of visual chaos. >> Oh, I remember this. For listeners who might not remember or who missed it, Gap, the classic American clothing retailer, suddenly and seemingly without warning, changed their iconic tall sarafont blue box logo. Yes, >> they replaced it with an incredibly generic bland sans sarif font accompanied by a tiny floating blue gradient square. The public backlash was not just negative. It was immediate, visceral, and intense. >> People were furious. >> Consumers actively mocked it. The outrage was so severe that GAP capitulated and reverted to their original logo within a matter of days. Millions of dollars wasted. >> It is taught in business schools for a reason. The core failure was not simply that the new logo was ugly in a subjective sense. The failure was that GAP changed their visual identity, their body language without any strategic alignment to their established narrative model. >> It was chaos. GAP's narrative model for decades was the reliable classic American staple, the everyman, >> But the new logo looked like the branding for an obscure 2010 tech startup. It severed the emotional connection because the visual cues no longer supported the story the consumer expected. They broke the trust by radically changing their body language without changing their voice. >> Now, contrast that catastrophic failure of alignment with the highly cohesive strategy of IKEA, which is also detailed in the sources. >> What did IKEA do? >> IKEA ran a brilliant campaign where they painstakingly recreated famous, instantly recognizable living rooms from pop culture, like the Simpsons animated living room or Monica's eclectic apartment from the show Friends. >> I remember seeing those ads. They were incredibly striking. But they were striking because they were built entirely using standard IKEA furniture. Why did that campaign resonate so powerfully while the Gap redesign failed? It all comes down to the narrative model. >> IKEA's established narrative model is the creator or the everyman. Right. >> Exactly. Their entire brand promise is that they provide practical, affordable, modular furnishings so that you can build the life you want. So, by recreating iconic pop culture sets, they were using highly creative storytelling that perfectly fit their strategic goals. They were proving that the furniture was so versatile it could build any life, even a fictional one. >> Exactly. And crucially, they didn't alter their core identity to do it. They didn't change their iconic blue and yellow logo. They didn't adopt a trendy new font. They utilized their strictly established brand kit to tell a clever, highly engaging story that validated their verbal identity. It was the epitome of cohesion. >> It really proves the old adage that limitations breed creativity. >> They really do. >> When a small business owner takes the time to build a rigorous brand kit, when your colors, your fonts, and your narrative genre are locked in, you no longer have to waste mental energy reinventing the wheel every single time you need to post on Instagram or design a flyer. You just play within the sandbox you have already constructed. >> It removes the paralysis of choice. It moves a team away from subjective endless debates like I don't know. I think this shade of green looks nicer today and forces strategic decision-m. Does this shade of green actively support our narrative model of the sage? >> It empowers business owners to execute quickly, confidently, and consistently. >> Okay. So, let's look at the machine we have built. We have the neuroscienceback name. We have the empathetic core. We have the datadriven vocabulary derived from social chatter. We have chosen our narrative structure and we have locked down the visual body language in a cohesive brand kit. >> It's a solid foundation. >> On paper, we have the perfect brand identity. But a blueprint is not a building and a machine does not run itself. This brings us to the final and arguably most difficult challenge detailed in our sources. Delivering the voice, >> the execution. How do you align your internal company culture to execute this vision? Especially as you begin to scale because a brand voice is completely worthless if the people actually working inside the company refuse to use it. >> Execution is where most theoretical branding falls apart. The materials emphasize that verbal identity must be consistent across every conceivable channel. And the fatal flaw many businesses make is assuming that channels only refers to external marketing. Ah, >> true consistency mandates that the internal language of the company must align perfectly with the external promises being made to the consumer. >> We are talking about the unseen machinery of the business. Internal memos, companywide briefs, the scripts the sales team uses, recruitment drives, and HR policies. >> Every internal touch point. Because if your external marketing is beautifully crafted to promise a warm, quirky, deeply empathetic relationship, but your internal company culture is a cut-throat corporate jargonfilled nightmare where employees are treated like metrics, the brand is essentially a lie. >> And it is a lie that the consumer will eventually uncover. They will feel the disconnect the very first time they have a problem and have to call your customer service department. The sources dedicate significant time to the concept of emotional intelligence inside the brand. The premise is simple but profound. Internal culture dictates external impact. >> You can have the most polished, beautifully designed external brand in the world. You can have the perfect font and the perfect color palette. But all of that feels instantly hollow, almost offensively hypocritical if the customer service representative answering the phone lacks emotional intelligence and empathy. >> This is why staff must be actively trained. But they cannot just be trained to read a script. They must be trained to recognize the emotional state of the customer and communicate utilizing the brand's established empathy. >> I want to play devil's advocate here because this sounds like a very fine line to walk. Okay. If a business owner enforces a strict verbal identity internally, doesn't that run the risk of turning employees into corporate robots? >> It's a valid concern. >> We've all experienced that forced artificial cheerfulness, you know, forcing the cashier to say, "Have a magical day to every single person regardless of the context." Where is the boundary between maintaining a cohesive, consistent brand voice and essentially brainwashing your staff to speak in catchphrases? That is a very real danger and it occurs when leadership fundamentally misunderstands the purpose of a brand kit. A verbal identity is not a rigid script of corporate buzzwords that employees are forced to memorize under threat of termination. >> Then what is it? >> It is meant to be a shared understanding of the company's core values and emotional objectives. >> How does that look in practice? >> When a staff member truly understands the why behind the brand voice. When they understand why the company prioritizes empathy and what specific anxieties the customer is likely experiencing, they begin to use the voice naturally >> because it aligns with the actual culture. >> Exactly. It aligns with a genuine company culture. You do not hand an employee a script. You hand them an emotional goal. You say, "Your objective in this interaction is to make the customer feel safe and heard." And then you allow the employee to use their own genuine humanity, their own personality to reach that goal while staying within the broad guard rails of the brand kit. >> That is a crucial distinction. You give them the emotional goal, not the script that empowers the employee to actually be empathetic rather than restricting them to a robotic preapproved sentence. >> Exactly. Consistency is the ultimate proof of brand authenticity. But that consistency has to originate from a real place internally. Now, as a small business grows and particularly as it leverages digital platforms to cross borders and reach diverse regional markets, it encounters a massive scaling problem. The sources refer to this as the global dilemma. >> Global versus local. >> The tension between standardization and adaptation. >> It is one of the most complex challenges in brand management. When you expand, do you standardize your brand elements globally to save money, maintain efficiency, and present a rigid unified image to the world? >> Or do you adapt your brand locally to ensure deep cultural relevance, knowing that you risk diluting the core identity that made you successful in the first place? >> To illustrate this tension, the business knowledge article provides a perfect hypothetical scenario, which they call the burger bliss dilemma. >> Oh, this was a great example. It perfectly encapsulates the stakes. >> Walk us through it. >> Imagine you own a highly successful fast food chain called Burger Bliss. Your core identity, the thing that made you famous, is a specific standardized beef burger with a proprietary special sauce. Your brand is growing and you decide to open your first international location in a massive new market, let's say India. >> The dilemma is this. Do you serve the exact same beef burger with the exact same sauce, operating under the assumption that your global standardized appeal is strong enough to win out? >> If you choose strict standardization in that scenario, you face catastrophic failure. By serving beef, you risk profoundly alienating a massive portion of the local market whose dietary and cultural practices forbid it. You render your brand not just irrelevant, but potentially offensive. That is the inherent danger of arrogant overstandardization. Right? So, a logical business owner looks at that risk and swings to the opposite extreme, adaptation. You decide to change the menu completely. You strip the beef burger and offer entirely vegetarian options formulated with local spices. >> You gain local acceptance. >> But it raises an existential question for the brand. If you remove the core product, does it even feel like Burger Bliss anymore? Have you adapted so much and strayed so far from your brand kit that you've diluted the global identity into nothing? >> It is an incredibly difficult tight rope to walk. The sources argue that the most successful resilient brands in the world execute a true gloal strategy. They think globally but act locally. >> How do they do both? >> They identify and fiercely protect the absolute core values and visual identity of the brand, standardizing those elements everywhere. But they heavily adapt the execution and the communication of those values to fit the local context. >> And the ultimate masterclass in this local execution according to the text is Coca-Cola. >> Coca-Cola is the undisputed gold standard for this approach. >> Look at what they standardize. The iconic red and white color palette. The unique

- 10 Meta Ads Creative Formats That Convert Like Crazy in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en a huge thanks to story blocks for sponsoring this video every year I share the ad creative formats that actually convert on meta ads and let me tell you 2025 is already shaping up to be a very interesting year some of the classics are still crushing but there's a whole new wave of new ad formats that are outperforming almost everything else and here's the thing get a little closer format matters but messaging is more important than ever the right messaging can make or break an ad Crea even in some cases if the design isn't that well executed that's why for each of these formats I'm also going to be breaking down the messaging strategies and extra little bits that I've seen really work well with the brands that I work on so if you're stuck wondering which ad creative to test next or how to nail the messaging in your ad creative be sure to stick around for all 10 of these formats this video is going to save you hours of guesswork and show you how to make high converting ads fast even if you're new to meta ads or if you're on a low budget also for fun let me know in the comments what your product or service is or even your brand and I will personally suggest an ad format for you to test okay let's dive into it now the first one was actually the top performing ad creative for all of 2024 and we spent well over $2 million on this one ad now the gri style ad is nothing new in fact it's been used for decades even during the print era however this ad type is incredibly psychologically pleasing in fact our brains love this ad because it completes a subconscious Loop for us essentially with a grid format our eyes are always trailing from left to right and top to bottom this ad format is great for brands that have bundles have multiple products or even have different skews AKA different colors sometimes in fact it actually just helps to show the same product multiple times now I will say the top performing ad creative for this grid style format did have a messaging element as well which is really great CU we were able to test out multiple different messaging styles to really see what worked and unfortunately I can't show you the actual ad ndas but here were essentially the messaging strategies that we were able to try and ultimately what worked best so imagine this ad tested with these different messaging points now which one do you think performed the best now I will say here this one at the end the purely value based messaging was ultimately the one that started performing first but it was actually the 10minute exercise routine that ended up crushing it and beating out all other types of messaging now now when we drilled down on this what we actually realized is this was the most scalable type of messaging that we had tested the others were looking at a specific age range and gender the other was featuring a specific social media platform rip the more you know right all right number two this one's actually new for this year but it's what people in the industry are lovingly calling EGC or employee generated content now a lot of us in the industry know about Founders ads right but what about other employees now this is actually something that I saw Jenny Kane doing over the last few years that seemed to really work well for them but my favorite way to do this right now is actually with Warehouse content Hollow socks overnight ODS and happy Mammoth absolutely crush this type of format and something that I note too is that it works really well for both images and video and I know what you're thinking what if I don't have access to a warehouse to film these types of videos well that's where story blocks comes in let's actually search for warehouses on story blocks boom you can easily use these as a background or even an individual asset now some businesses get a little anxious because they think that they need to be in the physical location to make this type of content but to be honest I've actually witnessed the green screen effect having a really similar vibe to actually being in the physical location in fact here's a really great example of this now when I want to test out this kind of stuff with the brands that I work with I use story blocks because I find that the content combines best with ugc in other forms of content that's commonly used in meta ads creative for both video and images they have a curated Content Library that has everything you need in one place with over a million 4K in HD footage templates music sound effects images and more and yes it is completely royaltyfree even for ads and you don't have to plan a photo shoot fumble with AI Solutions more on that in a bit or you know get a Creator to make this type of content for you it is literally instantaneous which just makes team so much more agile to get started with unlimited stock media downloads at 1 set price head to story blocks.com darad Deni or click the link in the description now for number three I'm actually going to be super prescriptive because I actually found that this specific type of Founders ad was working really well across several accounts so yes it is a lowii or ugc style Founders ad so it's from the founder but we have a Tik Tok response bubble that is handling a common objection now in many cases this could be a price point but if you keep on coming up again a certain frequently Asked question or a certain thing that your customers or people who want to become your customers seem to be anxious about pre purchase make content about that from the founder honestly speaking to that common objection now I'd say that this is really great for Founders that want to try this type of content but don't know where to start start with this one and here's a list of common objections you can try and number four Creator content do you notice how I'm not using the term ugc anymore here's the thing Creator content is absolutely still moving the needle in 2025 but I've really reframed how I am looking at this type of content instead of working with people who do ugc I am really aiming to work with creators because those who can show up authentically on camera and really develop that type of connection with the audience AKA real creators these are the people that I find absolutely create top converting ads not the specific type of of Creator content that I saw work this last year absolutely is more in the single testimonial vertical instead of having compilations even though I did see those work sometimes most of the time it is coming from a single Creator interestingly the type of messaging that I've seen really work number one across many accounts I find that opening a hookup with a reaction sort of like these is something that actually really resonates with people other things that work are using trigger words in the hooks so things like this and as always the good old problem solution type of AD creative absolutely still works when paired with the right Creator I would say that problem solution Creator content is like the bread and butter of AD creative content for brands that are spending more than 300 to 500k per month on meta ads you're really going to need to know how to nail this type of content because I don't actually see anything else scaling up accounts in the same way as authentic Creator content but if if you're looking for a new fun way to do this I do see this type of tweet or social media framing like this you can always change the elements around a little bit absolutely does work and look unique and number five another one of the new ones AI ads here's the thing I was a little resistant to using a ton of AI in the ad creation process um but I'm using it quite a bit now and it is absolutely working in fact if you're interested in me doing a deep dive on on AI ads let me know because I honestly don't think that what I'm going to explain here is going to be even scratching the surface of what is possible here so here's the way that I think about AI content right now in 2025 I really like to categorize it into five big buckets number one is going to include AI features that are on existing platforms that people are already using so think like your canva your Premiere Pro maybe even your cap cut Brands and designers and video editors are starting to lean into these type of features a lot I even know that I am leaning into it quite a bit especially for video edits on this channel and heck there's even geni capabilities directly inside of meta ads manager now the second bucket is more for images so it's more of your mid Journey style images these can absolutely work but they definitely have a certain look to them and I know some Brands just based on their own image alone aren't willing to go there quite yet and then there's the Deep fake style ads like what Arc ads does essentially and I will say I have been testing this out a lot recently and I'm really excited for it in in the same way that I love using story blocks to be able to test out ideas and theories instantaneously I am now able to do that quite a bit with Arc ads which is really exciting now the fourth bucket is actually just pertaining to voiceover so with something like 11 ads now why this is really interesting to me is because because it essentially enables Brands and businesses to compile all of the content that they already have and create new scripts and storylines by using voice over that is AI generated and then the fifth bucket is what I like to call endtoend AI Services these are essentially businesses like airpost that are enabled to create hundreds of ads with just a click of a button essentially automatically of course there's a lot more to it than that but essentially if you were to sign up for a service like that you would be able to very quickly very easily and quite cheaply get a ton of creative and that's absolutely where the industry is going to be headed but uh let's take a step back cuz like I said AI could really take up an entire video again let me know let's ease back into this um for number six is text based ads now the cool thing about this is I really like to think about it as just like text Heavy ads so this can be Texton ads like in images or it can be more video based I've absolutely seen both types of these ad creatives crush it and I'd say on the video side A lot of times this is something that I see Brands having already done on Tik Tok or on reals and it's like yeah like let's put some ads behind that and try it now the reason why I wanted to bring up this ad creative too is because this is something that I actually tested during Black Friday Cyber Monday and it annihilated it this is actually something that I saw a lot of Brands doing including Ripley rler and and their team told me that it absolutely crushed for them and I saw very similar results which is really exciting I'm actually currently working on trying this for a nons sale period but this is definitely an easy one to do during a sale period which I'm excited about number seven don't be mad at me Dynamic product ads DBA or catalog ads so when I was doing research for this video so that I could give you actual ad creative that I see working in converting today in 2025 instead of just what I think works in several accounts I kept on running into the scenario where catalog ads were actually the top performers whoops it doesn't make for amazing and great content but if I'm being totally honest a lot of people aren't utilizing their catalog ads to the fullest Advantage so if you're interested in doing a big deep dive on that I have a very big video that I did with Dan pantello earlier last year that a lot of you really loved that really does a deep dive on different DPA and catalog strategies and the different ways that these ads can actually show up in slightly different formats and I'll say the teaser here is that catalog ads run on a different algorithm which I am very very interested in so for nearly any brand out there especially if you have multiple SKS and multiple products you absolutely need to make sure that you are doing that type of AD format Justice and number eight negative marketing ads so this one is actually more of a messaging strategy in itself right now there are several formats that I've seen work pretty well there are the regular negative reviews I've seen the zero or one out of five star ads crushing on a few accounts which is really cool but I also think just leaning into more negative messaging within your creator content is absolutely something that I would test in your variations especially using more of those negative or hard-hitting trigger words think words like regret embarrassed hate those are three that I have personally seen work over the last few months so those could be really easy ones for you and number five ugly ads by the way let me know in the comments if you guys signed up for Barry's course I will absolutely be attending alongside you guys I am so excited to learn more from him he actually used to be my boss which is pretty cool but the reason why I really wanted to bring up this specific type of AD format is because there are several different ways that you can do ugly ads number one but also this is actually something that meta has been talking more about how this is one of their top performing types of real ads they call it lowii content but I do think it's really interesting that the platform and even bigger brands are starting to wise up and be like wow yeah like this actually crushes and it's absolutely something that brand should be doing in the way that I like to think about ugly ads it's absolutely more of a state of mind than it is a specific format and the way that I like to get people like geared up to think about this type of AD creative is in a few ways so first one is what if I challenged you right now to make an ad creative within 5 minutes what would that ad creative look like another really great exercise you can do with your teams if you want to get them to start thinking more in this vein is actually to have them call their mom their family member their girlfriend their whatever their best friend and try to get them to sell something to them of course I immediately think of that Wolf of Wall Street Scene but what I actually mean is think about a product or a service that you really loved and simply just talk talk to your significant other or your close family person about it and think about the things that you are bringing up when you are trying to emphasize what a great experience it was or how much benefit you got from it but I know that this is just a YouTube video a ton of you aren't necessarily going to try those exercises even though I know they're really valuable I think only the serious ones will so if you're curious about what ugly ads do tend to look like of course we have the Post-it note ad still crushes still see it work but also one shot one take videos so essentially just you know take your phone and film an ad within a few seconds 30 seconds just Yap see what happens again I think this this is where the actual getting on the phone with a person that you're close to and talking about a product that can really help that's essentially what that type of ad is and then there of course the POV shots so instead of doing like a Yap this is like you know from the perspective of you so I think a lot of times like people's mind jump to the unboxing it's not necessarily that it's more um the product in action and then of course another classic ugly ad style are these Nostalgia Graphics much like these essentially for ugly ads you just have to think how to communicate as authentically as possible and what that potentially looks like and number 10 to round us out I want to talk about my POV on features call outs ads on US versus them on Headline ads testimonials and before and afters to be honest all of these formats are still absolutely worth testing in 2025 but I won't lie most of the top performers that I've seen again and again over the last few months are things that I already mentioned in this video but every once in a while there is a huge Banger there within one of these classic ad formats and I'd say too especially if you are a newer brand or a brand on a budget or a brand that is just coming to Market a lot of times for instance I'll see the US versus them be the first ad that really crushes it for that type of business same thing with the features benefit call out style ads and another thing to mention here too is I've predicted that creative volume is going to be something that's really top of mine for advertisers this year and Ash actually had an amazing tweet about this today where he talked about how many ad creatives they made in 2024 and also the percentage of those that were top performers and it was 9% which really shows hey you know the more ad creatives that you put out there the more chance that you give for something to really resonate the more times you're going to win but I do know that there's a huge debate about quality versus quantity and I do believe that there is a world where you can increase quantity without sacrificing as much on quality because of the rise of AI and if you know your customer really well and you never stop the customer research Journey then creating ad creative around those desires those things that really psychologically tick within all of us then I think volume is not going to be a problem for you and getting more of those winners is inevitable and the final ad creative that I want to talk about this is actually an extra one a bonus one if if you will but something that I've been thinking about over the last few weeks especially with this Tik Tok band looming maybe Tik Tok is no longer around um when this video is being published my goodness is this idea around brand formance which is something that my colleagues at BMG 360 actually talked about when we did a talk at meta recently now something that my good friend Nikki Henning and colleague talked about is actually them starting to put ad spend behind creative that was doing really well for them on reals or organic and I think that you know if you're looking at all these ad creative formats and you're a little lost and you're a little confused about organic versus paid ads and like the real difference there I think it is still especially in 2025 really worth putting some ad spend behind those creatives that are working for you on organic and again this is something that I've talked about in a few other videos but when I was at the meta agency Summit late last year the number one thing that they talked about was authenticity and content and creative AI was actually the second most discussed topic which is still a lot but I really do think that as much as we have this push for things that seem manufactured or AI driven what we actually all want as an industry is more of that authenticity and I find that often times that authenticity really does start on the organic level and that's it thank you so much for staying to the end that means that you're real well so please like And subscribe those small actions really do help me out and I can't wait to see you guys in the next video love you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [19 likes]: If you want to take a look at these ads, I made a board for ya: https://projects.motionapp.com/organization/62e1a18ec3eea561c6acbbb1/creative-research/6791126287878dad7f216900

Tell me your product/service and I can suggest one specially for your brand :)
  2. @brgmusic-11: This video is from Jan. 2025. Did you just change the title instead of making a new one? So scammy...
  3. @wagnermedrado4020: Obrigado pelo conteúdo agregador.
  4. @amandamatfin4570: great tutorial, thanks. Have you done this for 2026 yet? I have a web directory business. What do you suggest for content strategies? Is it B2B
  5. @ninie_vlt: I do swimwear!
  6. @OsamaKamal-q3u: I am a beginner, please help me earn money from meta ads. If any American man/woman can guide me and give me work, someone will be a good person. I am from Karachi, Pakistan.
  7. @laszlofodor8653: What format would you recommend for Accounting Service?
  8. @delaneyryanUGC: Replying to 1:05! Sand Cloud bath towels 👀
  9. @ahmedalali6210: Interior design
  10. @karenmoise6631: wedding venue in Austin Tx
  11. @GabriellaHedberg-o1w: What would you say works best for a photo- & videographer company?
  12. @lillymaymusic97: I'm making facebook and instagram ads to promote schools. Trying to increase number of people filling out our forms to 1) attend an open day for a primary school 2) Apply to a Sixth form for girls. 

I have branded graphic assets which i was going to make into a slideshow format but that seems pretty boring. Obviously I'm in Education and can't do anything click bait or too risky!

Any advise would be much appreciated!
  13. @AliRajpoot-n9n: Insightful incredible these 10 Meta ad formats are pure gold. Backed by real data not just theories.Meta's2025 ads are revolutionizing digital marketing with creativity,
  14. @AliRajpoot-n9n: As a marketer myself, I believe that if you're good at what you do, you don’t need to rely on negativity.
  15. @meganhammes1041: Roofing and Exterior
  16. @AliRajpoot-n9n: This is really inspiring content — your energy and message are so powerful! 👏Meta Ads creative formats, Best ad creative formats 2025
  17. @KaithCyprineOrtiz: Home maintenance
  18. @robhenrichs12: We have an indoor golf facility.
  19. @peterpaulhart3842: My service is interior design for housing, private customers. which ad-format do u suggest for me to test? thx a lot
  20. @SplashBuddies: automotive wrap shop

- Claude Built My Google Ads Campaign in Minutes [Complete Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that you could create a Google Ads campaign directly from ChatGPT or Claude? You don't need to create specific workflows or build any AI agents. You could create a campaign, get a report, clean your search [music] terms right from Claude or ChatGPT. It's actually possible today using Mark Effect MCP. You can plug your Google Ad and Meta account right in your Claude or ChatGPT account using the Mark Effect MCP. It does the bridge between your LLM and your ad platform. MCP servers are just like USB keys that you can plug into your ChatGPT or Claude so they can access external tools like Meta or Google Ads. Mark Effect created their new MCP server. It means that you can connect your ChatGPT or Claude account directly to Mark Effect MCP server so your ChatGPT or Claude can access all of your accounts that you have connected. For example, Google Ads, Google Analytics, or Meta. MCPs have been there since a couple of months already. Google Ads or Meta didn't release any MCP and a few people created MCP servers to be able to connect your account to LLM. But those were not always secure. You didn't know who built them and there [music] could be some security issue. What's great with Mark Effect MCP is that you get all the authentication and security that you have in Mark Effect connected directly to your LLM. Mark Effect MCP is actually doing the bridge between your ChatGPT or Claude and your Google Ads and Meta account with all the security and authentication built in Mark Effect. Now let's connect Mark Effect to Claude using the MCP. First, go to the MCP tab and from there you can create a new MCP server. For the example, we are going to name it Claude. Once the connection is created, you need to go into Claude. If you want a full explanation, you can click here and you have the full explanation on how to do it. You need to go to Claude. Click on the little plus in the chat and go to connectors. Manage connectors. This is the place where you will be able to add a new connector and to add Mark Effects. You see here I have a bunch of connectors already. I can add a new one by clicking the plus. And I want to add a custom connector. You see that Claude is asking me for a name so let's call it Mark Effect MCP server and a remote MCP URL. This is how Claude is going to be able to connect to Mark Effect. If you go back into Mark Effect to the MCP we just created, you see here that we have what's called a MCP endpoint. It's the the URL where the tools are going to connect if you wish. And you paste the URL of the server. You don't need to go to embed and setting or whatever at the moment. The server is now added to your Claude account but it's not working yet. There is very important step. You need to click on the MCP and click on connect. This is how the MCP is going to be logged in your Mark Effect account. Once you connect, you are going to land on that specific page to authorize the MCP access to Claude. So you need to authorize. Authorization is successful so now your Mark Effect account is connected to Claude. So if you go back into Claude you can see now that the Mark Effect MCP server is actually connected right there. So once you are in Claude, you can just start a new chat and you can click here to see that your connector Mark Effect is actually active. So you can directly start querying it um So use Mark Effect MCP server and give me the total spend of my Google Ads account named GA4 Auditor. Thanks to the MCP server, your Claude desktop is going to be able to connect with Mark Effect and get the information from Mark Effect. So Claude is not connecting directly to Google Ads, okay? It's connecting to Google Ads through Mark Effect. Okay, it's using your Mark Effect account so it's secure. It's not a random MCP coming from GitHub or whatever. So you can see that Claude is working. It's trying to get information that we ask, running the operation, but everything runs from your own Claude account. So it found the account and it's fetching the data right now. You can click the process and you can see what um the MCP is actually doing, okay? And you can even see all the query that are made. So Claude finished working and has been checking the account GA4 Auditor Google Ads so we found the correct account and the spend is zero over last 30 days. So I will ask him can you check for the past 5 years? And you see that Claude understand that it needs to run another operation and changing the date. And you can see here now, okay, for the past 5 years you have roughly 10k of spend. So this is how you can connect quickly Mark Effect MCP to Claude desktop and you can use Claude desktop to chat with your account. Okay, now that the MCP server is live and running and connected, we will set up a campaign from Claude. First step, we will just ask the MCP server to confirm he has access to the account and then give him the different step to start building the campaign. Okay, so we'll use the Mark Effect MCP server. We will work on the Google Ads account named GA4 Auditor. Uh we need to create a full search campaign so I need you to do a keyword research for our client that is a roofing company in London. I need you to sort those keywords by teams and I need you to write responsive search ads for those different ad sets ad groups. I need you to uh show me the keyword research and the ads so I can validate before you push everything into the account. We will start with this and see what Claude come up with. So you see here first it's looking um to different accounts, see if he can have access to that specific account and start checking what he can do to create a campaign. It found the account, that's perfect. So it's now going to check the ad operation available to create a campaign. It's now looking on how to make the keyword research, the structure, and the RSAs. All right, Claude finished working. So he gave me a bit of information. So it's going to create six different ad groups like general roofers, repairs, replacement, flat roof, emergency, that makes a lot of sense. It gave us an example of keywords that he wants to put into the campaign, which makes sense. And then some headlines and description for the responsive search ads, okay? That's okayish. Um here is the scope so everything's prepared. You may want to adjust final URL, okay? And then just from here I can approve and push. I could mention to Claude, okay, now I need you to modify those headlines or I need you to add more keywords or um give me other keywords to other ad groups because I have some ideas. So you can click right there and you see different keywords. Um but just for the sake of the example, I'm just going to push it as is. So I will approve and push to Google Ads so it's going to create a campaign for me in Google Ads. So Claude is going step by step. First, it's creating the search campaign. Inside the search campaign, it's creating the different ad groups. Now it's adding keywords inside the ad groups. All the keywords have been added to the campaign. Now it's creating the responsive search ads. So you can see that Claude is actually self-correcting. He mentioned that a couple of description were over 90 characters but it's now trimming them and resubmitting. So he's pushing stuff to Google Ads and if you see any mistakes, he's going to try and fix by itself. So there we go. Everything is live into the account in post status. So let's go and check into the account. So you see in a couple of minutes it was able to create a campaign. There we go. Search Roofing London. You can see the different ad groups with the correct keywords inside and the according RSAs. So you just need to check and finalize the ads. Uh so it's not perfect indeed. Uh we should have checked for negative keywords, extra settings um ad extension, but you can do everything from Claude. So for example, now if I want to add some ad extension I can ask Claude okay, all good. Now I would like you to create callouts, sitelinks, and structure snippet for my campaign. I don't have to do it manually. I can ask Claude to do it for me. All right, so Claude understood our request and now it's writing the callouts and all the extension and pushing them into the account. The exact same way it did for the keywords and the Claude finished working. All the extension are added into my account. So this is how you can quickly set up campaign and manage [music] campaign using Claude desktop. You just chat with and Mark Effect will do the bridge between Claude and your Google Ad account. >> [music] >> And just like this, you are able to manage your Google Ads or Meta account right from ChatGPT or Claude. As you could see, you could create a campaign, make a keyword research, write ad copies, [music] and you can also pull reports to the negative keywords. Every task that you do on a Google Ads account or Meta account, you can do it through Mark Effect. And because you can do it through Mark Effect, you can now do it through your own ChatGPT and Claude, [music] thanks to the Mark Effect MCP So, thanks for watching the video. Let us know if you managed to connect your Mark Effect account to ChatGPT and Claude, and let us know your best use case. As I always say, happy automating. I see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @groupassignment-rx7do: what about audiances ?? can it create and manage audiance
  2. @CoreyBouillez: Looks like Claude removed the ability to add a custom connector.
  3. @varbed: Can't we directly connect Claude to our MCC? what is the advantage of using Markifact?
  4. @billcombes1038: If I run a small agency with 10 clients, do I pay to connect all of my client accounts?  Most of the reporting platforms such as databox charge per seat and per connection.  Just curious how it will work with Markifact.
  5. @hadeelalkazaz7559: Does it give you results/ leads/ calls
  6. @carlito_sans_mcfly: Lol à friend of mine did it. Brand search campaing, max value, website visit targeting 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂

- How To Create a Marketing Campaign  (FREE Template): Kind: captions Language: en - I wanna start a professional marketing campaign right now, but have no money, no experience, and not that many ideas. And I want it to be so simple that anyone at any experience level can do it. So, to help, I'll be using this marketing campaign template, which turns complicated concepts into digestible action items. By the end of this video, you and I will both know which campaign type is best for our businesses and have a proven framework to use it as a guide when creating your own campaign strategy. And if anyone asks you where you got it from, tell them that old Jamal hooked you up. Really just in it for the eventual clout. But creating something from nothing is no easy task. The good news? There are six key components that go into the planning, execution, and results of a stellar marketing campaign. A clearly defined outcome. Be specific and designate a timeline. So, "Sell 25 products per day" or "Gain 50 new Instagram followers a week" are examples of specific, time-driven, and measurable goals and KPIs for my campaign. A target audience. I'll start there, then segment and build buyer personas. Knowing this will impact everything I do, from my goal to my messaging, asset creation, and how I'll reach them. Whether it's social media ads, email campaigns, or direct mail. A clear message. Here's where I empathize with customer problems and build trust. One way to do that is to use customer stories as social proof. And if I've done my research, then this step is much easier. Creative assets, such as email copy, high-quality graphics, plus the channels I intend to use, since each has its own specifications, best practices, and trends to follow. A call to action. This will define my messaging and positioning, and ultimately, how I'll produce and promote content. I'll need to speak to customer values and make it easier for them to visualize and feel the benefits. And a budget. This often goes hand in hand with campaign goals. The more aggressive and involved the campaign, the higher my budget will need to be. These six things make the task of starting from scratch much more manageable and actionable. Now, what type of campaign do I want to run? Hmm. Well, the right type is the one that supports my business goals and meets my audience where they are. Let's do a quick run-through of the 11 different types of marketing campaigns. Product marketing, which brings a product to market through specific positioning and targeted messaging to promote and create demand for it. Brand development, that puts a company story and message in front of a targeted audience, leaving them with positive lasting impressions, which is essential for brands just starting out in their industry. Email marketing, a series of emails that lead to a specific call to action, like "continue reading," "book a call," "finish a purchase," "hang out with me," and is used to nurture leads and current customers, encourage engagement, and increase sales. Content marketing, which establishes expertise, promotes brand awareness and retains a loyal audience by creating and sharing relevant blog content, videos, podcasts, and other media. User-generated content, or UGC, where users actively contribute, engage, and participate in the campaign. This is known to be the most trustable, authentic content among social media users, as, honestly, it's created based on real experiences of real customers and not by the brands themselves. PR/awareness campaigns. These do the consistent work of educating and informing the public about a particular issue, cause, brand, or message. Direct mail, which involves sending letters, postcards, flyers, and catalogs to prospects and customers, and is used in both B2C and B2B selling. Affiliate marketing, where brands get trusted referrals from relevant creators and access to new audiences. And in turn, those creators earn commissions for marketing the brand's products from an affiliate link. Social media campaigns that are strategically focused to influence followers to feel or act in a certain way about a brand, product, or service, using at least one social media platform. Paid media. When brands pay for sponsored search results, display ads, social media posts, video ads, popups, and other promoted multimedia to reach audiences that might not have come across them otherwise. And acquisition marketing, which promotes products to new audiences to gain new customers in the interest or consideration phase and nurtures them into paying customers through channels like content marketing, paid ads, SEO, social media, and email. Okay, now I've got a starting point for the template and some ideas. What's great about this template is that it's free, completely customizable, and already lays out the roadmap I'll need to execute any effective campaign from the ground up. Starting with the campaign overview, one of the most important steps here is to identify my buyer persona. I need to know their wants, needs, challenges, and motivations in order to create powerful marketing messages and finely targeted content for my campaign. For me, that's a tech-savvy, socially-conscious millennial who's brand-loyal to businesses that align with his values. Because he's most active on Instagram of all the social channels, a hashtag campaign that integrates UGC and email will get me the best of both worlds in terms of my efforts. I can double-dip content to turn followers into email subscribers in a way that feels natural and authentic. This is the foundation that will inform my promotions, my objectives, my goals, my KPIs, and my campaign strategy. Now, if my buyer persona is the beating heart of my campaign, my value proposition is the soul. And a good one uses the voice of current ideal customers to hook future customers. For example, I interviewed some of our most loyal customers and listened and engaged with them on Instagram, and paid attention to common words and phrases they use. What did they value most? Convenience, an exceptional user experience, well-designed packaging, and the element of surprise. I'm a sneaky guy, after all. With a crystal-clear value proposition, I now have my competitive analysis, where I've identified key competitors in the subscription box market. Messaging and positioning, which emphasizes special perks, the limited-time opportunity, and how we're the popular choice for this market given our seamless user experience. My marketing channels, like email, Instagram, and blog posts to more effectively reach my tech-savvy buyer persona. And the required tools to get the job done. That would be HubSpot email marketing, Meta Business Suite, Google Analytics, and WordPress. Next is timeline and milestones, the framework to keep me honest for all the things I need to do. I'll add my benchmark dates, then break these down further into manageable phases and tasks. Each phase should have a specific outcome and deliverable that contributes to my overall goal. Now, it's quite common for bootstrapping entrepreneurs and new marketing teams to have small budgets and minimal resources, like myself. To gauge how much your business should allocate will depend on your business goals, total revenue, and industry, and include all expenses. This means paid media, employee salaries, freelancers, and the tools and software. And though I'll be relying on free tools and myself for all my campaign creative and assets, I'll still need to define clear guidelines for the words and imagery I choose to unify my tone, style, and messaging. Remember, when I said a good value proposition uses the voice of current ideal customers? My brand voice should align with this and speak directly to my buyer persona. For example, Jamal's Cookies is known for its playful tone of voice, our bright colors, bold typography, and quirky copy create a unique memorable experience for our audience. Now, I need to determine how I'll promote my content to maximize reach. Let's go back to my goal for just a second. I wanna increase cookie box subscriptions from last year by 30%, and I'll do this through a targeted Instagram campaign to gather user-generated content from 100 users and send traffic to an email opt-in on my website to generate 50 new leads. So, in addition to the UGC collaboration, the channels I'll leverage are email, blog posts, and video. This step is all about calibrating my efforts toward my end goal and is done through conversion assets like calls-to-action, landing pages, and lead forms. How effective this is will depend on what type of campaign I'm running. And this section serves as a baseline for the metrics and analytics to watch, which all boils down to two main ideas: Goals and strategy. So, if I wanna increase sales by 30% in this quarter, then focusing on Instagram impressions and post likes doesn't track a change in revenue. I need to choose tools and metrics directly connected to that desired action I want users to take, which, for me, is click-through rate: How many Instagram users and email readers click on my call to actions, indicating their engagement level. Conversion rate: The percentage of visitors who complete the email opt-in form on my website. And bounce rate: How many people leave my website after viewing my blog content, which can mean issues with website usability or targeting. Now, if paid media is part of your strategy, then you'll wanna monitor metrics such as customer acquisition costs, the average costs required to acquire a new customer and return on investment, the financial gain from your marketing efforts. So, in addition to tracking my goal, these analytics provide insights into my audience behavior, preferences, and engagement. By understanding which segments respond best to certain messages or channels, I can optimize future campaigns, making it much easier to nurture customers and improve my bottom line. And if you're working with a team, then this last section helps identify any gaps in responsibilities, as the more efficient your team, the leaner the timeline and budget. But not all marketing campaigns succeed the way they could, often due to simple mistakes. And I've made a few myself. So, I'll share some of the most common ones so you don't have to make the same mistakes yourself. First, your content isn't optimized for SEO. While a campaign goal may be targeted to promotional channels like social media, there are many ways people can discover your content. Organic search is a big one, but if it's not optimized for SEO, then you'll be missing out on some sweet traffic. The fix? Consider search intent. Are people searching for information, products, or services? Then, choose keywords that align with your campaign objective and intent of your target audience. Optimize everything, from the meta descriptions on your visuals to the titles on your blog. Also, make sure your sharing buttons are working and your CTAs are strong. Which means you can't ignore the competition. Use competitor research tools to see the keywords they're targeting and content they're creating. When you dig into a competitor's approach, you gain insights on their strategies, stay up to date on industry trends, and identify areas where you can outperform them. And you totally can. I believe in you. And when you understand how they operate, the real magic happens when you spot your unique value and how to amplify that difference in your own campaign. And that takes time. Sometimes, marketing campaigns don't drive immediate action. Patience is key when testing new strategies. So don't get distracted by vanity metrics like number of followers, likes, or comments. Understand that these numbers can be misleading and should be replaced by actionable metrics such as click-through rate or visitor-to-lead conversions, which is data that helps you make informed decisions so your campaign reaches its goals. So, what makes a successful campaign? Let's take a look at "Shot on iPhone," one of Apple's most notable campaigns that focus on one specific feature of the new iPhone, the camera. Apple doesn't push much social media, but a closer look reveals its strategy relies on user-generated content. They created an Instagram account and content completely devoted to the campaign. It was a challenge that invited users to post their best iPhone photos with a branded hashtag. From these photos, Apple selected images to display across media outlets and on billboards around the world. By leveraging customer behavior and user-generated content, Apple created a collaborative community and generated significant buzz with more than 15 million posts to date. It also strengthened Apple's position as a leader in the smartphone industry for its premium design, innovation, and user experience. Another great example is the Cheerios "Good Goes Round" nonprofit campaign, created to raise money to provide one million free meals. Some good stuff. From its positioning that Cheerios are packed with positive energy from the mighty oats, the campaign celebrates the cycle of good every bite sets in motion. It leveraged the power of branding and social marketing to encourage customers to participate in good deeds and share their stories through a branded hashtag across social media. Cheerios created a distinct landing page, video marketing content, and pay-per-click ads to promote the "Good Goes Round" URL on Google, giving the campaign more visibility. And it worked. It's generated positive media coverage, and General Mills has found a new way to show that they're a company that cares. But don't worry if you can't afford a top-shelf campaign with celebrity ads and influencers. With time, creativity, and some savvy data-driven insights in hand, a smart marketing campaign can be done and done well, even with no budget. Now that I've got my strategy laid out, I'll use HubSpot's template to test my ideas and see what sticks 'cause the learning curve is the earning curve, my friend. And once I find that sweet spot, I'll allocate more budget to my strategy. If you're looking for a proven framework to outline your marketing strategy in one simple, coherent plan to download our free template, we call it the "Ultimate Guide to Marketing Campaigns" for a reason. This is seriously the one-stop-shop that you need for all of your marketing campaign needs. So check it out in the description below and let me know about your success stories. And while you're down there, go ahead and like, share, and subscribe so you never miss any more marketing insights. Until then, I'll see you next time. (light upbeat music) - I can find this client info. - Have you heard of HubSpot? HubSpot is a CRM platform, so it shares its data across every application. Every team can stay aligned. No out-of-sync spreadsheets or dueling databases. HubSpot, grow better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [8 likes]: Download HubSpot's Official Marketing Campaign Template [FREE RESOURCE]  https://clickhubspot.com/v4h
  2. @AnastasiaRabuka [3 likes]: 6 Components of Effective Marketing

1. Clearly defined outcomes (SMART)

2. Target Audience (Buyer Persona). 

3. Clearly Message (Customer Stories as social proof): testimonials, endorsements, Reviews & Case Studies)

4. Creative Assets: email copy, high quality graphics and channels.

5. Desired Action: messaging/positioning - speak to customer values.

6. Budget.
  3. @DavidMichaelJohnson-h3b [1 likes]: This is exactly what I've been looking for. I have a marketing budget of around 5,000 to get started with paid ads but don't want to waste it. I'd rather pay a mentor to show me the ropes. Are you available for coaching?
  4. @JamesSmith-n5f8z [1 likes]: I’ve already started teasing my product on socials — thanks to this video! Can’t wait to see how it impacts launch day.
  5. @FeliksOrłowski-d5g [1 likes]: After watching this, I wanted to buy my own product. 🕒🔥👀
  6. @Use_Common_Sense1: It’s so difficult to understand him I don’t know why
  7. @atemafacnesley4358: So much value. Thank you 👍
  8. @bongieelsie: you talk too fast
  9. @patriciacardona1781: This narrator talks too fast
  10. @EyasuEyu-w3c: creat campaign link
  11. @EyasuEyu-w3c: ok create website link
  12. @lanabomashego: Hello, thank you so much for insights. The links to the docs are not working, is there any assistance that I can get?
  13. @DeniseTaylor-e9e: Great video! The template is super helpful, especially for integrating UGC across different platforms to boost engagement.
  14. @LauraJimenez-o3h: This template is a fantastic resource! The emphasis on UGC and a multi-channel approach feels like the perfect recipe for genuine audience engagement.
  15. @KarelMach-p6t: Step-by-step breakdown was super useful. Bookmarked
  16. @OLUCHI_okonkwo: I needed this. Thank you ❤
  17. @Lili.Talks.MOFLOW: These tips and tricks are fantastic. I am posting it in my weekly newsletter. If you're curious to see how it looks, the link is in my bio. Its free and you can view without a subscription. Keep making great content. 👍👍
  18. @mayne-z5i: Great template, thanks! I'm especially excited to leverage the UGC sections to build more trust and authenticity. It’s a fantastic framework for modern marketing campaigns.
  19. @foluke-l2b: The UGC section alone makes this template worth its weight in gold; excited to see how it helps build stronger customer relationships!
  20. @DarlenePedria: Just downloaded; the UGC section and multi-channel layout are exactly what I've been searching for to create more genuine campaigns. Looking forward to using this template!

- AI Built My Google Ads Campaign ($1K in 1 Day): Kind: captions Language: en Hey, check this out. I was able to use AI, Claude code to be exact, and we've developed our own campaign builder tool here at Grow My Ads. Was able to use AI then to build a campaign in just a few minutes for a brand new website, brand new brand, brand new search campaign that then generated a $900 sale just within a day of launching. So, really cool. A lot of this would have taken a lot more time to actually go do and build this campaign, but we have built a tool, and I'm going to show you this tool. This is not ready for the public yet. When it is, we will let you know, so make sure you subscribe to the channel or join us in our school group called PPC CoPilot. You can find out more about that group in the description below. There'll be a link to the group. But, these are the things we are building behind the scenes here at Grow My Ads to use AI to help out with the work that is done within managing Google Ads accounts and all the workflows and everything else. But, we're going beyond what at least I'm seeing out there with just like a bunch of scripts or even just skills. We're actually building fully fleshed out tools to make it even easier, and a lot of this then will be turned into We have our own internal sort of software we've developed for our team. So, a lot of the tools, once they're ready, we build them into the entire operating system software that we've built for our teams here at Grow My Ads. So, I just wanted to show you though the possibilities of of what you can do with like Claude code, and this was all developed with Claude code, and this is the campaign builder. Again, we'll have this live for at least the school group, maybe for free for the entire public because it doesn't use our tokens at all or anything. And so, it should be fine to release once it's ready. So, basically I'm going to walk through it real quick just to show you how this works and show you the capabilities and power of AI, especially like using tools like Claude code, to go develop and help optimize your workflows within managing a Google Ads account. So, we've connected our Google Ads account. Uh this is an account called Built Best that we're going to be doing it with, and then you add a Gemini API key. You can go get a free one. Just go to AI studio.google.com, and then you go to get AI API keys here. You can get like I'm on We have a paid account here, but you can get a free one, and you should be able to have then enough tokens to actually run this like a tool like this when it's ready for free. You you wouldn't be able to do it a lot, but it probably at least like, you know, once a day or something. So, you add your API key to actually power this, and we have like a little info thing here that also talks about all that. And then you just enter your website, so builtbest.us, and we're going to hit continue discovery. So, this is actually then going to use Gemini to go analyze the website. This tool again was built to start as a keyword research tool, and then we're like, "Well, why stop at keyword research? Why not allow someone to actually just go develop then a campaign?" Cuz that's the whole idea usually with keyword research. So, you're able to add services manually if you want. You can just like plug this stuff in, or you can just use what AI has found and build out themes for. So, it's got a bunch here, and I just really would want this one right now, modular sectional sofas. So, I'm going to hit continue with one service. It detects the area, which is nationwide. Obviously, if this was a different like locally targeted account, then hopefully it would detect that, and if not, you can actually then input that information in here, but US is what it's detected, and that is correct. This was built originally for lead gen purposes. Again, this is like beta mode. Uh so, this is not like This is why it's not live yet to the public. I just wanted to give you guys a sneak peek. So, it's not really built for e-commerce. A lot of e-commerce trainings anyways, I I say you don't really need keyword keyword research for e-commerce. Start with shopping ads, then go see what's working in the search query report from that, and then build search based off of that along with utilizing tool or technology like the DSA. So, usually keyword research makes the most sense for lead gen, but I'm using an e-com case study here cuz this is like It's rare that we launch new accounts, but I was I Built Best is a new account that is a part of another client of ours as a test. So, I thought this would be cool to test our new AI tool that we built, the campaign builder, and and see how it all works. And so, it all kind of just came together at the right time, and that's why I just wanted to show you guys how it works. So, here there's a campaign strategy here. It's like tight, balanced, broad. I'm just going to go with balanced with conversions as being the goal. And then it will actually do a competitor like traffic analysis and exclude then competitors from your campaign right away, or it can build a specific competitor campaign depending on what you want to do. I obviously want to exclude competitors on a brand new campaign like this. Then it will build a brand campaign, too. So, again, this this this makes a lot of sense for a brand new account. So, I'm going to have build separate brand campaign. Now, there's some advanced settings down here, too. You can You can say you want to start exact only. You can say exact and phrase, phrase only. And then you can kind of control your ad group size. Like I'm cool going up to 20 keywords in an ad group right now, and then like minimum I'll just put like two just for fun. And then you can add additional seed keywords here if you want. I'm I don't need that. I'm just going to hit start research. Now, this is actually going to go do competitor research. It's going to go look at keyword research literally inside of Google Ads. It is pulling actual search volume and CPC data. So, it's going to do everything that we manually used to do. It's going to do all that automatically as it runs. So, this usually takes 30 seconds, maybe a minute. Look, it's already done. So, as I'm saying that, it's already finished. So, it's a very, very quick process. It found 600 some keywords, and based off our filters, 122 passed the strategy filters. So, we're going to go ahead now hit review competitors. So, this it discovered competitors to our brand, which is awesome. So, it like immediately I can get like a nice competitor list to negate from my campaigns. And then, yeah, everything's set up here. So, now I'm going to hit continue with AI enhancement. Now, what it's taking It's taking all the keywords that it found, and it's going to now go classify them by intent, and then cluster them into themes. If you've watched any of my trainings, if you're building or doing keyword research, or you're building out a brand new campaign or ad groups or whatever it may be, I talk about usually you want to start with like transactional and commercial intent keywords. You don't really want to go through like like with informational seeking searches, right? You want to go after someone who literally is looking to make a purchase soon cuz you can at least get some conversion action quicker there, and don't start with like cheaper informational searches because the intent there is not for someone who's quite ready to convert. And so, that is exactly what this is doing through this AI enhancement process is something that we would manually go do is like try to go cluster themed, you know, keywords, taking all these keywords usually like a Google Sheet, and then pushing them into like, "Okay, this would make sense for this ad group, and this would make sense for this ad group." This is literally going to go do all of that for us, and it just takes like a minute or two. Okay, it is finished. Again, that took like one or two minutes. It has now classified the keywords by the intent, and so I'm going to hit review keywords now. This is actually going to give me a keyword overview. It's going to give me average CPC data, and it's going to give me a recommended budget based off of, again, all of this is built off of our our trainings. And so, here I can kind of like review all the keywords. I can review by intent, so like transactional, commercial, informational. It Well, it's not going to pull this cuz I didn't want this pulled in, so it excluded and filtered all of those out already. Again, I can review my negative keywords that it's found, and then my brand protection list it's already built. So, it's got literally everything I would have done manually, it's done for me. And everything looks good, so I'm going to hit build campaign. Now, it still will need refined and polished. There's still going to be that element of like this won't be 100% perfect. It's pretty close. And so, I'll show you like here we can also change the name. Like I could just change this to S sectional sofas, and then this would be my brand campaign here. I can look at the ad groups it's built. So, it's built me like a modular sectional sofa core ad group, a cost and pricing, location and local, and reviews and comparisons. So, it did cluster some of these. I don't really want to run most of those. I basically would want to just run this, and then again, I would want to fine-tune some of these. Actually, most of these look pretty good. I would actually Yeah, I'd pretty much use all of these. Now, you can also edit your ads here. So, we've we've developed this where it auto builds an ad for you based off of our ad copy training. This needs It's not as good as I want it to be, so this is something that we're going to go rabbit hole down further to really make this top tier. So, right now the ads are good enough. Again, it it generated a sale for me. I didn't even change really the ad that it built for me. And so, it's good enough, but it's not great yet, and I want it to be great. So, this is something that we're going to need to go fine-tune a little further, but it did look it clustered this into like a cost affordable, best affordable modular sofa affordable, yada yada. I don't really want to run that, and I wouldn't want to run locations here either. Like, again, this was built with the intent of legion, so that's why it's it's pulling that. We wouldn't want like near me when we're an online e-com brand. And then there's this review and comparison. This isn't really what I would want either. So, this this is not something I I would actually go run, especially on a brand new account. It also built my brand campaign, and these are literally built best built best. So, this did a really good job of just building out all my brand terms, and it built me a brand ad that I think is not too bad. Like, built best official site, modular sofas made in USA. This like made in USA quality, that's weird, right? So, I'd have made in USA. So, again, this needs cleaned up a bit, but it's pretty dang good. Um and then it's got my negative keywords. So, then I literally just go budget. It's going to give some recommendations on budgets. It also gives you benchmarks on hey, furniture e-commerce benchmarks in regards to conversion rate, and then you can change that to conservative or furniture average or optimistic. I'm going to go conservative. Then it gives you a budget plan based off of the average CPC data. Remember, the average CPC data, it's literally pulling from the Google Keyword Planner tool. So, it's it is the correct data. This isn't like hypothetical data just from generic blog posts that, you know, an LLM pulled. No, this is actually pulling real-time CPC data just like you would be if you were using the Keyword Planner tool. Basically right now it's conservative balance or aggressive, like 10 clicks per day, 20 or 30. I'm just going to go balanced with this right now, so that's like a 50 per day budget. It lets you then set your bidding strategy. And so, for this one I'm going to go actually just we'll go max clicks out of the gate. You can cap it, or you can put no cap on there, and then you can go to export and publish. You can also it we auto exclude tablets. This is based off of my training of brand new campaign builds. You can include those if you want. You can even go check off mobile or anything like you would want to. It gives you the rest of the settings that you have, a pre-launch checklist of everything, and then you can now download to a CSV if you would want to import into editor or literally just import straight into Google Ads, which is obviously what I did. And boom, this was the campaign. I did use a seed one for made in USA since it didn't pull that from the website crawl, but this modular sectional one is the one it literally pulled and built for me in this tool. And again, that took me like a few minutes to go do, and I was able to generate a thousand dollar or nine hundred dollar sale within like the next day. So, what would take a long period of time usually with Google Sheets and keyword research and manually build building inside of Google Ads interface or using an editor, now was able to take all of my trainings, build a tool, and we now are able to basically go build a campaign in just a few minutes if we wanted to. So, again, this will be available hopefully for sure to our school group, but ideally we'll just make this for free because it's not using our tokens at all. It'd be like you would just use your own API key with AI Studio inside of Google, and you'd be able to run this on your own within your own account and use your own tokens. And again, you can get a free API key through there and probably be able to run this at least once. So, subscribe if you haven't subscribed to the channel, or go join the school group, and follow along with us as we're developing AI workflows here at Grow My Ads, and we'll be releasing this stuff at least to our community, and I hope I will be doing more YouTube videos on what we're doing and how we're integrating some of this stuff here at Grow My Ads. This is the first AI topic video I really have done other than I did one like on ranking products on Chat GPT with Jeff Oxford, who's like an SEO expert, but we are in the weeds of all of this developing fully fleshed out actual tools for our teams to go use here at Grow My Ads, and it's all built off of our trainings. So, hope to have more to come. Follow along. I'll see you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @StellaMaiSuchitraKaho600 [2 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  2. @omjuly [1 likes]: Thanks for the information, it’s really helpful.
Could you please let me know when it is expected to be released and how we can access or get it?
  3. @dmitry349 [1 likes]: who cares
  4. @bilaltaleb9621 [1 likes]: This is how you utilise AI to create sucesss!! I LOVE THIS
  5. @diegovantier [1 likes]: This is sick. We've connected the API and upgraded to Basic access so we can also do this end to end within Claude Code. Personally prefer it than building a UI but looks great.
  6. @CIPLTeam [1 likes]: This is amazing
  7. @Rich_Wagner: whats the benefit from using your own prompts? How does it handle billing CPA, etc?
  8. @zackmarketing147: The detailed data and options are just amazing can't wait to use this tool
  9. @ArifulIslam-h9k1s: Great video. Most people can launch campaigns fast now, but the real problem starts after that. Without accurate conversion tracking, especially server side, you are optimizing on broken data. That is where most budgets get wasted.
  10. @DavidStreicher-c5x: Very good bro
  11. @OrasRojas: Powerful :)
  12. @chrisbrinkman9569: Please release this to the public! Wow! I need this. Love your videos and your advice is what I follow. Already was subscribed to your videos but now I’ve hit the notification bell so I know when this drops. Amazing
  13. @bretforster: Tool looks great! Can't wait to test it out!
  14. @matthiasgartner6173: that looks great.. when can we expect that tool to go live?

- Watch me build a Digital Marketing campaign plan for my client: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome to another video of Senate Van Ads. This is going to be kind of a special video because in this video I'm not going to teach you anything. I'm going to exactly show you how I worked on a recent project and show you step by step what I received from the client and how I created a campaign plan for a client. What are the different steps I took and what are the different tools I used to basically come up with this plan. If you're new here, my name is Obvious and I am a digital marketing consultant based in Dubai and I have been a digital marketer for last 11 years. This video is sponsored by HubSpot. So this is what I basically received from the client. So it was a huge document but I this is the crux. The only thing I'm going to change or hide in this video is the client's name. So I have taken a similar kind of company which is Dubisel as an example. Basically they are number one online classified platform in Middle East. They want to launch in Iraq market. They already have creative produced. They won't need any feedback on the creative from my side except the specifications and the duration and things like that. They want to plan a launch campaign focused on creating top of- mind awareness and brand recall. And the platforms they want to use is Meta and YouTube and they want to reach an optimum audience ideally more than 60% with the age group of 25 to 54 with an ideal frequency. So that's what we'll be working on. A lot of people think that for branding campaigns it's there's not much that goes into it, but I'll show you there's actually a lot of things to learn here. This is the strategy I provided to them. Of course, I changed the client logo and a little bit of theme here and there. So, this is what I provided table of contents. I provide them what are the campaign details, what are the goals and the objectives I understand. And then bit about market which is uh about Iraq and then uh audience analysis, channel mix, financial plan and reporting and optimization. Okay. Then we have campaign details. This is mostly what came from them but it's just when you present your campaign plan you just confirm again budget to be confirmed because they said um re when we try to reach out to 60% or more audience give us an optimum budget plan what is the ideal budget we should look at they were kind of open then we move to campaign um goal and objective primary is reach 70% of the addressable target audience on meta and YouTube create top of- mind awareness about dubisel launch among target audience link dubizzle with the campaign message they said more than 60. So I assumed okay let's target 70 and see if they're okay with the budget. And then uh we have the next one which is market overview. Now this is where the basically the research starts. The inputs from my side come in. Now uh what I basically showed here is based on a lot of research. This is uh this basically explains it all that 80% of the people in Iraq speak Arabic, 18% speak Kurdish and 1% uh speak English. But there is an overlap. Most of the people who speak Kurdish again speak Arabic as well. So Arabic is the primary language and I have mentioned the same thing here which is backed by the research here and every slide which talks about market overview uh basically has uh I have linked the research where it came from. Now that's a very important thing where did the research come from? Now before it would take me at least one week working with an intern or junior in the research or strategy team to come up with this research but now everything has become easy. I worked on chat GPT for 15 minutes in the research mode. It blew my mind. Prompt was simple. I'm trying to run an awareness campaign for a brand called let's say Dubisel. Provide me a research about how I should segment the campaigns based on Arabic and Kurdish languages based on the geographic targeting. also would like to know if English is required for the creatives and which areas should we run those and it gave me all this information which I added in the research like 75% to 80% of Iraq inhabitants do this dut then it gave me Arabic language targeting based on which city what is the population of that city and what is uh the language they speak I asked the follow-up question provide me details about internet penetration region wise population language wise population regions wise gave me a lot of information like a lot and I put all of this information and I put it here in a document which I called market research Iraq for dubisel or whatever and this is what I linked with basically the strategy for the client to basically go through for example this information I wanted to show you so it's showing uh internet penetration overall internet penetration in Iraq is 78% urban areas 90 to 96% semi-urban this then for each platform it was showing me social media platform penetration Iraq Tik Tok 31.95 million users uh what is the population uh percentage like 69% of population use Tik Tok internet users out of all internet users in Iraq 88% use Tik Tok same thing for all the platform this is very important information basically took the important points which are important for this campaign and I was uh I presented it to the client and I linked the research paper here so this is what I would suggest if you are a freelancer agency use this feature this is very very powerful before we move ahead with our campaign plan creation. I want to take a minute and highly recommend a very useful tool for campaign planning called Campaign Assistant. You can get access to this tool completely for free from the link in the description below. It's an AIdriven tool which really acts as a campaign assistant for you and makes the whole process fast and easy. How it works is you just provide some brief details about the upcoming campaign you have. Select the tone and the campaign assistant comes up with highly engaging content and design suggestions for your landing page content with preview of your meta ads, Google ads, LinkedIn ads as well as email campaigns. My favorite part about this tool is that you don't have to write lengthy prompts and worry about the prompt syntax and assigning roles like other AI tools like chat GBT. Campaign assistant is specifically tailored to do this one thing which is help you in campaign planning. You can manage all your campaign assets and even multiple campaigns from one place and even publish directly from the tools or copy assets in just one click. And campaign assistant is created by HubSpot who is also sponsoring this video. So back to our campaign plan. Okay. So now here see every slide needs to have a message an outcome. I see sometimes people present and there's no outcome or actionable things. It's nice to know information but there's no actionable information there. Then we have market overview again uh Kurdish and mixed regions will be targeted with bilingual campaign. So this is what I'm suggesting that central southern Iraq Baghdad Basra Najaf etc Arabic 85% this so 85% of our budget will go to Arabic creatives and they will be targeted to these regions and Kurdistan regions Simmania Dhook Halabja we'll focus 15% on Kurdish content and uh target these regions there are certain mixed regions here which have both Arabic and Kurdish. So we will target both the campaigns uh both the content to these regions. So now we are sorted English we are dropping because it's just 1% and most of them speak either Arabic or Kurdish. The main message here is more than 65% of our target audience are active on any of the social media platforms because our target audience is really from 26 to 54. This is what basically the company told me um that this is our ideal audience because they are the people who actually buy our products. Then the next one I was showing is uh Tik Tok has the highest reach but it uh is youth heavy because uh they are targeting 24 and above. So I'm saying Tik Tok has the highest reach but it's youth heavy. Then YouTube, Facebook and Instagram have lower reach but the audience are spread across the age group. Tik Tok shows high penetration due to age restrictions and unlocked user VPN. The basic idea about the persona came from chart GBT. I asked okay this is the company this is what they want to do give me the persona. Now what I'm saying is basically in a market like UAE for example there are different type of segmentations. For example based on the nationality there are people from multiple nationalities and they have different preferences and the persona becomes different. The messaging has to be different. For example, the messaging that will convert an Emirati is different from uh someone from India or someone from Philippines or someone from European countries because they have different preferences when it comes to messaging, what they prefer in a product. Do they prefer price? Do they prefer safety or whatever. But in case of Iraq, there's not much difference in messaging basically because uh we are just saying that this is the platform where you can buy sell your house or car. So uh this is basically uh the persona creation even the pictures came from chat GBT. Then our target audience uh this is what we'll be targeting. Our primary target audience is 24 to 54 which is very generic. So because we are reaching out to mass audience we are not target targeting any inmarket or affinity or anything like that both men and women and secondary is basically I'm just telling them in case we have budget limitations uh so you say no this is too much budget what you forecasted then what we can do is we can uh we can use secondary audiences like affinity and devices and restrict our audience so that we can uh basically reach out to our audience uh 60% or above uh with a good frequency. So then we can say affinity okay people who buy and sell online or who are actively on shopping online or things like that or maybe we first target high income audiences and target certain devices like the latest iPhones or whatever. Then I uh mentioned this channel mix and deployment like okay these are the channels we'll be basically using. It's 48% and 49% meta and YouTube basically just one and 2% going here. So what I suggest is this is very important because I'm like okay you know YouTube we are using it's high impact a bit expensive reach Facebook Insta placements multiple formats we can use on meta because we have Facebook Instagram within meta that's why we're allocating 49% here and then performance level here we'll be looking at efficient reach frequency cap we'll be using seven per week per user and meta same thing we'll be uh focusing on reach optimized for VTR and frequency cap is seven per day per week and then uh Google will just allocating 1% budget because you need to be present on your brand keyword. So we'll be just using 1% of the budget just on brand keywords so that if somebody sees our ad they go to Google search for us we should be present there and then 2% we'll be doing uh basically uh retargeting we'll be just allocating we create a white list of all the news and big websites in Iraq and anybody who saw our ad and uh or maybe clicked on the ad went to our website we just show them uh banners retargeting banners on popular websites. It kind of reinforces the message to them. It increases top of mind awareness and brand recall. But this is just 2%. Only to people who watched our complete ad or who watched our ad, went to our website. Okay. Now, uh the next thing is um the budgets and the financial plan. But this is kind of some work you'll have to do to achieve this. Now, now I want to show you how I came up with these numbers. Uh it's very very important. You can do the same thing in uh DV3 as well for YouTube. Uh it's called reach planner. There in Google ads, you go to tools. Then uh you have here uh planning. You expand this. You go to reach planner. And let's say we say new plan. Okay. Location and currency. I'll be targeting Iraq. Uh let's say Dhams. And it's asking you which channels. We'll be focusing on YouTube. Now it'll ask you certain information. Let's say dates and July August because it's for 3 months. I click on apply. Uh demographics we'll be targeting specific age and gender. We'll be talking from 25 to 54 both male and female. You can say any any budget in the beginning. Uh then we can change it. Audiences I'm not targeting any audiences. Devices I'm not targeting any devices. later I can do that but for now initial plan which will be mass audience frequency cap we'll be using seven per week okay YouTube campaign standard plan what do you want to focus on because we are focusing on reach that's our primary objective to reach like more than 60% of the addressable audience so I'll click efficient reach and uh then I'll be like view forecast now this is what I want you to see it's very very very important Now if you see here you will be able to predict views conversion whatever. If you see here reach initially when you increase your budget your reach is increases a lot which is kind of exponential and after a while no matter how much budget you increase your uh basically uh incremental reach is very less. So the my point is always find a sweet spot. Always find a sweet spot which is somewhere here after this starts becoming straightening out. This is your sweet spot. Now some people will be like okay if you go here why would be someone why would someone be crazy and some company be crazy and they invest let's say 120k for 60% reach and not uh 58 only 58,000 they'll be able to reach 50. Now the reach will not increase but if you see the views are linear. Now if you spend more money the views you get is more but in our case our focus is mainly reach. So we have to find this sweet spot right here as well you can say on target reach. It will show you now not percentage it will show you exact people you'll be able to reach. So for example at 57k we'll be able to reach 8.3 million people. And this depends a lot on what dates you have selected. For example, if it's close to let's say Ramadan or New Year's, the prices the reach you'll get for this budget is lesser. So the prices change. And now when you select a particular budget, let's say I'll be like 119K, it'll show you your reach will be 9.9 million, TRP 281, the views you'll get is 4.3 million, conversion 64 conversions is not accurate in this case. And here you'll be able to see that your average frequency will be 4.69. uh total CPM will be this and all these details basically you can say okay concentration or action uh you can choose what metrics you want to see census population is within this age group how many people are within this age group which is 16 million YouTube population is within your audience targeting which is 25 to 54 how many people use YouTube uh unique reach is 20 12.9 million is the maximum number of people you'll be able to reach within this audience on YouTube now what you can do is you can play around a lot and uh you can download this plan basically you can play around and see okay if I change the dates how it's going to impact with the same budget so if I squeeze this campaign to 2 months what is the resultant reach if I make it 4 months you can play around a lot and then say okay if I include more audience less audience if I target any devices if I change my frequency cap how is it going to impact my overall reach so basically you have to find a sweet spot those uh dates where the actual campaign was planned with 100,000 a we were able to reach 7.3 million uh which is like 57% of the reach and the cost per reach,000 was 13.6. Now there is something very interesting coming up. Okay, I did the same thing in meta. Okay, in meta the easiest way honestly is uh you go to your ads manager, you go to campaigns, you click on let's say new campaign. uh you'll be like you here you'll have to select reservation not auction because you have to reserve this in meta you have to reserve this inventory uh after you see the plan of course you can reserve it and uh it'll be fixed cost and now after you select reservation it'll just give you two options awareness engagement in our case it is the engagement click on continue it's asking campaign name let's say we call and by the way when you reserve it the campaign is automatically created by then but you can just use it for planning And then uh once the client approves book the same numbers it might slightly change if you move fast. Uh no categories buying type reservation awareness. Now click on next. Now here this is kind of the campaign planner of meta. You can also download it like Google. So here performance goal I select maximum reach of ads. This is what we are trying to do. Then it's asking you uh which Instagram page and frequency control. How do you want to control it? So for example I want to set a cap for example seven times every 7 days and then it's saying what is the schedule date let's say we say from June 1 to July August 30 29 the maximum you can do is 90 days uh run all times location is uh edit audience I want to target uh Iraq and then age group I want to target is from 25 to 54. So all genders, languages, everything. Uh done. Now it's saying what are the placements you what kind of creator you'll be using. So we'll be using image carousel and video. And that's it. And then placements. It's saying uh what do you want to target? I want to target everything except the audience network here. Now if you see all the changes we make, it changes the estimation here. But you can play around and see how it changes. But for now, I'm just showing you how we did this plan based on the brief. Now, okay. See, so for example, I say I want to reach uh let's say I want to reach 5 million users. Now, it'll give you a budget that you will need 34,000 uh dirhams. So, if I say I want to target 9 million, right? Now, it's saying you need 63,000 dirhams. Right? Uh estimated audience size like it was 12.9 million on YouTube. on Facebook with this age group you can reach 17 to 20 million people the CPM will be 0.58 average frequency will be 12.22 22 and you see the same kind of graph will appear here like YouTube it's the same logic right after a certain point for example this one uh the incremental reach is less so this is the sweet spot see at 102,000 dhams you will be able to reach sorry 12 million of your audience so this is exactly what I would suggest to my client that this is the sweet spot this is what we will be doing and then you can play around on your own say if you want budget You can give a budget to meta say okay what will happen if I have 100,000 dirhams and it'll give you new estimate that based on your budget uh you'll be able to reach 12.12 million dirhams so if the client gives you budget you put the budget if they want to reach a certain audience this is what you'll do so basically when I got these two uh optimum points the sweet spots from um YouTube and meta I kind of worked on this plan which is let me hide this this is a bit confusing so I put it here that okay uh on meta in that duration the actual duration of the campaign uh it was showing 13 million as addressable audience YouTube it was showing 12.9 and frequency uh is this demographic is this and this on meta we were targeting a bit broader audiences and budget is this and this the reach it was showing me is for meta 5.3 million and for YouTube it was showing me 7.3 million on meta this was like 41% of the reach and on YouTube this was 57% of the reach right but the client wanted to reach more than 60%. Now if you reach 41% on meta, if you reach 57% on YouTube because they're two separate platforms, you cannot sum them up. You cannot say okay here I'm reaching 5.3 million, here I am reaching seven. So the total reach will be 7.5 which will be like more than 13 million. No, that's not possible because there will be an overlap. There is a particular way you calculate it. The resultant reach from multiple channels. Now if you see uh the resultant reach is 75%. How this is calculated is called it's called Sanssbury method. Uh you can just Google it on uh and read about it. So basically this is the formula. If you're using two channels this is the formula uh 1 minus 1 minus reach of channel one which in our case is 41%. And 1 minus reach of second platform which is 57. Now if you use this formula here I have used the same formula here. So the resultant reach here would be 75%. 41 and 57 two different channels. If you run them together the resultant reach as per Sansbury method this is the most respected method to calculate reach from multiple channels is 75%. So the resultant reach will not be 13 million. It'll be basically based on this formula uh where you take uh 75% of the maximum addressable audience. In our case it's 13 million for meta. If YouTube had 14 million then we'll check what is 75% of 14 million which comes to 9.7 million audience which is 75% of the addressable audience within our age group. So that is basically the plan I created for the client. But do read about the Sanssbury method if you haven't um seen it before and if you see here then uh this is the financial plan I suggested. I said okay we are going to reach 75% of the target audience and then uh this is how we will report. Basically our northstar metric is reach secondary metrics VTR engagement rate and I'll create a dashboard for you guys where you will be able to see all of this. But if you see also in the plan um I provided the spec sheet that okay for each of the channels what kind of creative you have to provide the creative team is working on the creative but I said okay what are the sizes this is one of the real projects I recently did I hope you enjoyed that I hope you learned something new from this that's all for this video thank you so much and I will see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @jawadalishah1503 [5 likes]: i don't know you or ur team will respond to this comment but... thank you so much for running the practical campaign, it really helped me understand the process better. I want to learn how to deal with clients professionally like what key requirements or details we should confirm before running a campaign, and how to judge if the campaign is performing well or meeting the client’s expectations. please make a video if possible.. Love from Pakistan🤩🤩
  2. @SenatorWeRunAds: Full Stack Marketing Program: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/courses/pro
Consulting: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/donewithyou
Agency Service: https://www.senatorwerunads.com/s/pages/agency
  3. @shashikiran.k9754: Thank you so much 😊,
Please make more such videos
  4. @DebrajDuttaDVR: very helpful , thanks a lot  👏
  5. @kunalsingh2997: Thanks for going through the process; looking forward for more such videos
  6. @sumansaha707: Helpful
  7. @shashankkumar6206: Really interesting and insightful video!

Can we also use the same meta campaign planner for auction campaigns' forecast? I understand that the numbers would vary, but does it vary by a greater degree?
  8. @DivyashreeTH-o9w: Hi, I watched your video and found it very informative. I’m Divyashree from India, currently working at Amazon, and my role is closely related to the topics you shared. I’d really love to connect with you personally and learn more, as your guidance would help me grow in my career.
  9. @TejasCandade1978: you are amazing Teacher.
  10. @DanyalShoukat-ib5cm: Tomorrow is my interview for digital media planner position at WPP media and I am practicing here from this video.
  11. @ZahraAsayesh-g4p: what if we have other goals not (reach) in particular, what the formula is? is that again sainsburry method?
  12. @ZahraAsayesh-g4p: What if we want to go for conversion goal in meta? this way we cannot choose (reservation) anymore as it doesnt have the goal we want . so how can we get the forecast this way?
  13. @ZahraAsayesh-g4p: what tool do you use to report in a dashboard format?
  14. @damonzone: NGL but your way of explaining is far better than most of the people across the platform. Thank you for the knowledge. much love and power to you <3
  15. @Nnnnn05-t8z: thank you so much for sharing this knowledge! very helpful
  16. @saragaganeshakumaran2854: great and best teacher, Thank you
  17. @yash3459: i havent watched the vid yet but i love the channel name LMAOO
  18. @gulshanchopragains: Best one .. learned a lot 👍🏻💯💯💯🫵🏻
  19. @harshingle2262: cinema!!
  20. @AmeerHumza: Great video!
Reach Planner is not available on our accounts. 
It says "Reach Planner is not available in all Google Ads accounts and regions. Contact your Google Ads representative to see if it's available to you."

What should we do?

- Stuck in Facebook’s Learning Phase? Here’s How To FIX It (Without Killing Your Ads): Kind: captions Language: en If your Facebook ads are stuck in the learning phase and you're refreshing your ads manager like it's a slot machine. This is for you. Because here's the truth. That learning label is it's not just a technicality. It's where most ad budgets go to die if you don't know what's going on. So today, let's fix that. In the next few minutes, I'm going to break down exactly what the learning phase actually means, why your ads are probably stuck there, and how to break out the learning phase without killing your results. So, let's get into it. All right. So, first, what is the learning phase? It's basically Facebook's test drive. When you launch a new ad, Meta's algorithm has no clue who's going to convert. So, it runs a bunch of experiments. It tests placements. It tests timing. It tests audiences. Basically, it's throwing spaghetti at the wall to see what it sticks, but in a smart way with its algorithm. Now, that's totally normal, but during this time, your results are going to be unstable. Your costs might spike and conversions are going to be all over the place. And here's the goal. You're aiming for 50 optimization events per adset within 7 days. That's 50 purchases, 50 leads, 50 signups, whatever your conversion event is. If you don't hit that, Facebook can't optimize properly. And boom, you're going to get hit with learning limited. So, if you're seeing that label, here's probably why. Number one, you're not getting enough conversions. If you're optimizing for purchases but only getting five a week, that's not going to cut it. You could try optimizing for something higher volume like for example add to carts or landing page views, but be careful with that because if you do optimize for landing page views, you're really not telling meta exactly what you want. And at the end of the day, that's probably more purchases or more leads. But what you could do is hit your 50 per week there, then switch down the funnel later. Second, your audience might be too small. If you're targeting super narrow, Facebook doesn't have enough data to work with. Aim for at least a million people, especially if you're doing lead genen. Broad targeting and smart exclusions, that's your best friend. Number three, and a very, very common one, is you're making too many edits. Every time you tweak something from your budget to your creative to your targeting, it resets the learning phase. It's like hitting undo on all of Meta's progress. So, here's a pro tip. If you make changes, do them all at once in bulk. and ideally during off- peak hours like 12:00 pm 1:00 a.m. That way it gives your ad account some time to reset. And finally, number four, you've oversegmented your budget. Basically, you're running too many adsets. Running 10 adsets at $5 to $10 a day each. None of them are going to exit learning. So instead, run one or two adsets at $50 to $100 or more a day and let the algorithm breathe. Okay. So, how do you actually escape the learning phase faster? What you want to do is you want to match your optimization event to your budget. If you can't afford 50 purchases a week, go higher in the funnel. Use bigger audiences and let Facebook's AI do its thing. Don't touch it every single day. One edit per day max only if it's necessary. Scale slow and don't double your budget. Go up 20% every 3 to 5 days because if you scale too fast, you'll re-enter the learning phase. Don't launch 12 creatives in one adset because meta gets overwhelmed, especially if you have a small budget. Stick to two to five creatives per adset. Once your adset exits the learning phase, that's when the magic happens. Your performance stabilizes, your costs drop, and you stop guessing. But if you keep poking at it every single day, that stability is gone. So here's your next move. Now, let's dive a little bit deeper into the learning phase. So, in summary, the learning phase is when Facebook is still figuring out who to show your ads to. It's the algorithms testing period. And this is what you're going to see in the ads manager. You're going to see something like this in the delivery part of it. It's going to say learning phase in progress. And you can actually see how many conversions you've had and your last significant edit, which is really important. So, we talked about the learning phase matters because your results are less predictable. Facebook's algorithm hasn't fully optimized delivery and you're more likely to see higher costs. Ads in learning are more fragile and harder to scale. So, you want your adsets to get out of learning as soon as possible so you can scale with stable performance. And what keeps your ads stuck in learning is small audience size, frequent edits, which is one of the most common issues, running too many adsets with low budgets, testing too many creatives at once. So you want to stick to around two to five ideally, especially if you have lower budgets. And in summary, to optimize your ads out of learning, optimize for events you can hit 50 times a week, use bigger audiences, minimize your edits, don't over segment your budget, which means don't run too many adsets, and then make your changes during off hours, and make big changes in bulk. And here are some common questions when it comes to the learning phase. So what happens when you add a new adset to a CBO campaign? So CBO campaign distributes your budget among all your assets. Well, if you add a new adset to that existing CBO campaign, the entire campaign may reenter the learning phase, right? So you want to be careful there. So what happens when my adset exits the learning phase? Well, congrats. You just graduated from Facebook kindergarten when it comes to testing. And here's what happens. Your performance is going to stabilize. Finally, Facebook now has enough data to consistently find the right people and your costs often drop and conversions become a lot more predictable. But if you start making a ton of changes, quadrupling your budget, it may reenter learning phase. Question number three is, is it better to have a few big adsets or many small ones? Bigger is better. consolidate your adsets and you're going to be able to exit learning a lot quicker. What if I have a tiny budget? Can I still escape learning? You can, but you've got to be choosy. Optimize for higher volume events. Keep testing lean and don't launch five adsets with $10 a day. Instead, launch one to two adsets with $30 to $50 a day. So, in summary, and so you want to ask yourself, are you optimizing for the right event? Are you getting enough volume? Are your audiences large enough? Are you making minimal edits? Are you giving each ad enough budget? Are you testing creatives cleanly and not overwhelming the algorithm? And as a recap to prevent, don't touch your ads daily, one edit per day to max. Avoid major budget swings. Keep it to under 20% slowly and steadily. Don't swap your optimization event midflight or mid launch. So if an ad is already running, don't switch it from, you know, max leads to max conversion leads or from leads to purchases, anything like that. And if you must edit, do it during off- peak hours and in bulk. So that's a full breakdown of the Facebook ad learning phase. And hey, if you're done playing Facebook ad roulette and you just want a team to build high performing, scalable campaigns for you, then click the link in the description, book a call with our team at Great Marketing AI. will help you optimize, scale, and finally make these ads print money like they should. And if this helped you, hit the subscribe button. I've got a whole series coming up on ad scaling, offer testing, and building recessionproof funnels. And with that said, I'll catch you on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @rafaelhernandez_ [1 likes]: 📌 PINNED: Here's how I can help you:

Option 1: Want us to run your ads and scale your business? → https://greatmarketing.ai/?utm_source=youtube&el=youtube_pinned

Option 2: Want to learn how to do it yourself? → https://www.skool.com/great-marketing-ai/about

I've spent $10M+ on Meta ads and worked with brands like Neil Patel's NP Digital and Ubersuggest. Whether you want us to do it FOR you or want to learn to do it yourself, I got you.

Drop a 🔥 if you found this video helpful!
  2. @hanee012: This is really helpful❤
  3. @rafaelhernandez_: 📌 Chapters
00:00 - Why Your Facebook Ads Are Stuck in Learning
00:30 - What Is the Learning Phase?
01:09 - Why Ads Get Stuck in Learning
01:39 - Common Mistakes That Trigger Learning Limited
02:09 - How Edits Reset the Learning Phase
02:39 - Fixing Budget Segmentation and Scaling Tips
03:09 - Best Practices to Exit the Learning Phase
03:39 - How to Know You're in the Learning Phase
04:09 - Why You Want to Exit Learning Quickly
04:32 - Quick Summary of Learning Phase Fixes
04:58 - Common Questions About the Learning Phase
05:25 - What Happens After Exiting the Learning Phase
05:51 - Big vs Small Ad Sets + Small Budget Strategy
06:17 - Final Recap: Exit Learning and Scale Right
07:10 - Want Help? Great Marketing AI Call to Action
07:38 - Upcoming Series Teaser & Outro
  4. @CesarTheGreat_: so does it work the same for running local ads in terms of ad budget?, like can i run ads at $10-$15 a day $300-$500 a month for local nail techs or nail salon shops and be successful ?

- Why 96% of Facebook Ads Fail (& how to avoid it): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered why most Facebook ad strategies seem to fall flat, wasting your money? The harsh truth is all the gurus out there, much of the advice is outdated or worsly ineffective. Over the last eight years, I have spent over $30 million on ads. And I've worked with over 150 businesses discovering what truly drives success. Today I'll reveal the exact road map and system that we have utilized to help brands reach seven and eight figures. So stick around because in the next few minutes I'm going to show you the exact secrets to scaling like a pro. Hey everybody, my name is Chris Morano, founder of Bluewater Marketing. We are an agency all about driving a profit first approach to ecom brands. Today, we're diving into a strategy that is going to change the way you approach meta ads, focusing on an extremely straightforward system that aligns market demands, creativity, and the unit economics associated with ecom. So, let's get started. Let's start with what everybody talks about is most important, and that is the creative strategy. We want to maximize the impact of your existing creative assets. Now, I know you might be saying, "Okay, I already have ads. They don't work." But how much have you dove into what really matters about your customers? And I think that's where a lot of people get it wrong today is like we've all made this mistake of throwing everything against the wall. But what truly sticks and how are we tracking that? So, we're going to get into it in just a moment. I'm going to walk through how we're tracking creative, how we're creating assets, and how to scale those within the ad account. So let's first dive into creative strategy and how can we amplify this to make a significant impact. The great ads whether static or video need to tell a story which means from a technical standpoint you're going to need a mix of photos, videos, user generated content, founder stories, anything that tells a story. And this is where so many brands miss out. And we're going to hop into Atria and I'm going to walk you through this. So, let's hop into one of these ads. Because Dr. Squatch is such a phenomenal brand, we're going to start here. I want you to watch and listen to this video. >> She didn't think this body wash would work, but our brand new soap was made to clean men's stinky meat. We were tired of there only being two options when looking for body wash. Buy toxic chemical generic wash that dries out your skin or expensive stuff that never lasts in the shower. So, we made these affordable soaps that smell like cologne. >> Yeah, this is good. >> And they last damn near forever in the shower. Some of them even have exfoliating beads. We perfected these to smooth your skin like butter and these smells last on you all day. If you want to smell rich and clean, get these. >> So, think about that ad, right? So, we are now jumping from Dr. Squatch just men to men and women. We've identified the humor in them because they were created to get rid of the nasty men smell, I guess. And now we're pivoting to tell a story that this will also work for you. Very engaging. Let's hop into another video. Interest in baby le weaning? Here's my go-to hack for making it as seamless as possible. As a busy and new firsttime mom, I didn't exactly have hours to prep baby leaning friendly meals from scratch. Then I found Little Spoon and honestly game changer. Everything is soft and easy to pick up. The perfect size for little hands. And the best part is that I don't have to stress about meal prep. There's no chopping, no cooking, no figuring out what to serve. Each meal is nutritionist approved. So, I know my daughter is getting exactly what she needs while she explores new flavors, which is super important for raising an adventurous eater. Right now, she's obsessed with the fajita style chicken with black beans and corn. I swear she clears her plate. >> So, completely different product, but an amazing story. First time mom, busy, didn't know what to cook, wanted to do this baby le weaning, identified so many problems within that first 10 seconds. And this ad has now been running for over 3 months. So you know it is working. So the story that we are telling is so critical from your ads. And if you're just coming across with generic ads like this is the best camera for you, it's not going to work. But if you were to talk about this camera, about the simple use of it, how it can quickly send to your phone to post on social media, how it's small, handheld, doesn't require the setup of all of this stuff, that ad would engage me. But if you're going to tell me that this is the best camera in the world with nothing backing to how this camera will solve a problem in my life, it's not going to work. Tell a story. So when you're telling these stories, the next key to all of this is tracking it. We recently ran a campaign where we have tested so many types of creative assets. Lifestyle videos, customer testimonials, founder stories, and a ton of statics. One of the videos alone increased engagement by 40%. So, what does that look like for your brand? Track all of this through. If you're running a UGC story, make sure the naming convention is outlined perfectly so that anybody in theory can get into an ad account and know exactly what is happening. Number two, the key is keep it simple, stupid. You guys, if you follow me, you already know this is my approach. We want to have the minimal amount of campaigns going within an ad account to ensure that we are optimizing for what we want to occur, not for what we want Facebook to do. Now, let me break that down in more simple terms. The key to this is not to run just advantage plus campaigns. It's not to run just ASC campaigns with the new setup. The key is to simplify your account so that you know what is happening so that you can push when you need to. So let's hop into two different types of accounts. One that is out of control and one that is performing phenomenally. Let's get into it. Okay, so this is a new client of ours. We have not yet had the opportunity to fully swap out and change everything going on. But as you can see, let's go to had delivery in the last 30 days. And there were a total of 36 campaigns running. Now, the budget, it's only $1,000 a day. Like, it's literally not enough to sustain 36 campaigns because what's happening is spend is getting diluted across all these campaigns and we're not actually able to scale a ton of them. So you can see what we've started to do is build out cost caps and restructure this with different bids which is clearly delivering phenomenal results here. But across the board on some of these others we see a huge swing of cost per results. $20. $20. And within these, because they're advantage plus, we don't truly know what's happening within this to allow for ultimate scale. Like, yeah, $20 cost per purchase sounds really good in theory, but overall, we have no control over these results. So therefore, we're unable to make decisions on what to push because essentially all these advantage pluses are just relying on meta to continue to push these products. And you can see it is performing. I'm not disputing that. But what it's not doing is allowing us to really optimize as media buyers. So let's get into another campaign and I'll show you exactly how it should be set up. Now, this campaign, this account over the last 30 days spent slightly more money than the one I just showed you, but overall, we're still only talking about like 11, 12, $1,300 a day. 40k spent in the last 30 days. You can see now, different unit economics in this branch, so don't yell at me for showing a $30 cost per purchase opposed to a $15. But what we're seeing here, and I can break down our columns. So, we're getting volume behind some of these definite volume. We're getting amazing results here. And if we open this up, we're running a flexible format. We're taking all of the winners that we're getting through our testing, putting it into a flexible format. We have an advantage plus with a cost per result goal running. So again, because it's not just collections, we know that this ad here is clearly the winner. We're getting volume below cost per acquisition targets. And all of these other ones are increasing the efficiency within the campaign. And once this fatigues out, these ones will all kick in because they're all delivering at phenomenal returns. Going into the next one, we have a testing campaign. Now, testing should only equate for 20% of your budget. This is key. And we can clearly see if we open up a number of these, even the ones that are lower performance, and we pull sort by rorowaz, we have found multiple winners in here that are delivering at amazing cost per results, cost per purchase. From here, we're taking them and moving them into the scale campaign, the flexible format, different bid strategies to continue to scale. This is how media buying is. Keep it simple. Once you identify that winning creative based on the stories you're telling, implement different bidding strategies and test to see if you can increase that efficiency even more. And if you want more information on this, click this video right up here. I have an hour and 15minute training on how we're doing everything to scale ecom brands.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisMarrano: Apply To Work With My Agency 👉: https://api.leadconnectorhq.com/widget/bookings/yt-meeting

- How To Stop Facebook Ad Results Dropping Off FAST!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever started a new Facebook ad campaign and seen great results initially but they only lasted a few weeks or maybe even a few days well in this video I'm going to explain why that happens and what you can do about it to make sure that your Facebook ad campaigns consistently produce great results and just for context my agency has spent more than $50 million running Facebook ad campaigns for our clients and we have run into this problem a lot and know exactly how to fix it so why do Facebook ad results drop off well there's one major reason why this happens I'm going give you the the quick explanation to start with and then going to go into more detail on how exactly you can go about fixing it which is obviously um the important part right so when you launch a Facebook ad campaign you have a target audience and whether you're using open targeting or you have some sort of targeting expansion like using Advantage Plus audience or whatever which the vast majority of advertisers are doing now you have a really large potential audience and what meta is really good at doing is finding the best possible prospects for your offer the people that are really into whatever it is that you sell and they're into it right now and knows that based on their online activity uh where they've got pixels on websites they tracking purchases uh they can see it on the activity they do based within Instagram within uh Facebook itself because of the sort of content they engage with it's a really really good determining oh this person is really into fishing and they're in the market to buy fishing products right now this ad for fishing related products let's put it in front of this person is likely to to to generate a purchase So Meta is really good at doing that and they start with the best possible prospects so out of your 2 million person audience let's say they might find the 1,000 people that are super keen and you've got a really good chance of getting to convert become a lead become a sale whatever it is you're looking to do and they start by putting your ads in front of those people now obviously there are only so many of those people the people that were literally researching products just like yours that morning there's only so many of those to put your ads in front of that afternoon so quite quickly you burn through those people so the longer you keep advertising the more you'll use up what I call hyper responsives those are the most responsive people to your marketing and then they start advertising to people that are still really quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less and then you keep advertising longer and they're advertising again to people that are still quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less you can imagine like if your target audience is like one big circle you've got the the hyper responsives right in the middle and then you sort of the longer you advertise the more and more you go out to different layers the exact same happens as you scale when you're saying to meta look before I was giving you enough budget just advertise to a th000 people and you found the best thousand well I've now doubled your budget I want you to put ads in front of 2,000 people so you've got the best thousand in there but then you've also got the next thousand which is still really good but not quite as good and then the more and more you scale the more and more you you move out um into that Circle so that's sort of the very quick explanation for why this happens uh we're definitely going to go into more detail because because it's important it's going to help you actually fix this problem um and get over it but um but that's sort of the the general overview and the really simple solution like the one liner that you could take away from this video is that if you are running into that issue uh your ads aren't good enough you need to make better ads and improve your offers cuz what you're seeing is that your ads are good enough to get those hyper responsive people the people that are so close to buying something just like your product or service anyway and you just need that little nudge to get them over the edge you AR are good enough to get those people but they're not good enough to get the people that are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and the better and better your advertising is the more and more you're able to move out um into other people within your target audience and larger target audience hence why you're able to scale when your ad campaigns are really really good because you can still get those people that aren't quite as Keen to convert okay so let's break this down and sort of Flesh us out go into a bit more detail and think about how we're actually going to tackle this problem and and fix it and to do that I'm going to walk through uh the five stages of awareness uh it's a marketing concept you may have come across before but I think is really valuable in thinking about this problem in particular and use my bis as an example uh so we obviously Facebook advertising agency we offer Facebook advertising Services just a little side by the way if you're interested and are done for you Facebook Services we can create manage Optimizer campaigns for you you don't need to worry about any of this we'll help you get better results there's a link in the description you could book in a free navigation call with one of my team members uh to find out more so if you're interested go ahead and do that let's use our our Facebook advertising Services as an example right so in our target audience who would be people that are unaware so let's say someone's got a business and this often happens people start a business and they just sort of expected customers clients to sort of happen I know I certainly did when I first started a business that's how I got into marketing the first first place was I started uh my own business and couldn't get any customers and realized aha I need to learn marketing as a skill in order to get these customers and I turned out I enjoyed marketing more than I enjoyed the business and carried on in in in that way so it's very common when you first start a business to think customers are going to happen so that would be someone who's unaware they don't even they don't even aware that they've got a problem way off knowing that there's a solution or a particular product or whatever they're just like I think this is going to happen the next stage on would be problem aware so that would be someone who has just got that little bit further and go huh customers aren't just happening for my business I need to do something about it I have a problem I I'm not able to get customers that's my problem the next stage then would be solution aware would be one stage on from I have a problem to starting to think about okay well how would I go about I know I've got a problem of not getting any new customers how would I go about getting new customers oh okay I could do organic content I could do SEO I could run paid ads I could knock on doors I could do call calls starting to think about uh various Solutions and specific to my business Facebook as agency they would need to be aware of the solution that is oh I could run paid ads to get customers for my business that would be someone there who's solution aware and then the next stage would be product aware so this might be someone who was solution aware they know they need to um run paid ads they then you watch some YouTube videos oh see some of my stuff oh I saw you know I watch Ben's videos about how to run Facebook ads um I can see that he also has an agency where they can just do this for me they're now aware of the product and what they might be doing at that stage is weighing up uh that product versus Alternatives in the market okay and then obviously the next stage down would be hot audience people that have watched loads of videos absolutely ready to convert or perhaps people that have already bought you know from our business they've already used our services they've bought they they signed up to our Facebook ads Mastery Program and they're ready to ascend you know people that are really like very keen uh for our business specifically now what you can see is that as you sort of go down that it's much much easier to get someone to convert lower down so if we take our audience example of people that have bought say our Facebook ads Mastery um course with the community if they've been in there they've got great results it'd be much much easier to advertise to that person and get them to purchase are done for you Facebook advertising Services um it would be slightly more difficult but still relatively easy for us to get someone who's watched my YouTube videos knows that you know we have an agency with a service and I know what I'm talking about and we put ads in front of that person and get them to to convert it would be more difficult still to go another stage up and and it's not someone that's product aware they're not aware that they can hire an agency and my agency specifically they're just solution aware of like I need to run paid ads then we need to take that person we need to convince them that the agency doing it for them is the right way to go and then they should work with our agency so there's extra steps if you go a step up and you go to people who are problem aware they're not even aware that you can run paid ads to get clients so then you need to talk to those people saying things like um not getting any clients you need to meet them where they're at so they're at the problem stage not getting any clients did you know you can run paid ads to get clients did you know you can run Facebook ads to get clients did you know we could do that for you you see all the extra steps you need to go through and unaware um is obviously the most difficult so where Facebook advertisers run into problems is that they're running Facebook ads that might be good enough to get their hot audiences retargeting previous customers to buy again like that's relatively easy to do most ads are going to be good enough to do that provided they had a good experience the first time around they might be good enough to get people who are product aware like they're aware that your solution your product or service exists and they're wearing up options between you and your competitors maybe not by the way sometimes I've seen advertisers where the campaigns only good enough to get those hot audiences those that can get people who are product aware to convert uh usually last a lot longer in terms of results and they're much more scalable um there's still obviously a limit because you're taking people who are weighing up your option versus others in in many cases you need a a much much better ad to go a stage up and get people a solution aware like oh I could run paid ads but oh I didn't know an agency could do it for me oh I didn't know agencies did good results I didn't know this was a good agency maybe I should hire them you're doing a lot of things and then obviously the hire you go the harder and harder it gets take someone all the way from problem aware to purchasing take someone all the way from unaware to purchasing very very difficult to do now the best ad campaigns can take people that are fully unaware take them all through the process if you think about the type of ads that do that and and how they're pitched they're very different from say ads that are pitched at hot audiences so a hot audience uh might be retargeting existing customers and it might be as simple as a product image with a bit of a discount for a limited time only and that might absolutely Crush to that audience really simple ad the bar is not that high to get that to work but if you think about ads that would be pitched all the way at the other end of people that are unaware you would need to make them aware of the problem explain the solution explain why your product is the perfect option to solve that problem convince them to purchase yours and not someone else's and take them all the way through you can probably think of ads that you've seen that do that and think about how they start they will start by mentioning the problem so they're explaining they're taking people that are completely unaware they explaining the problem and then taking them all the way through that they can help you you think personal injury lawyers will will do this that sort of advertising all the time so if you're finding that your ads are literally dying after a few days it's almost certainly the case that your ads are only good enough to get hot audiences to convert and even if you're like yeah but I'm not retargeting meta will find those people anyway so even if it's to a cold audience meta will find your retargeting audiences and you'll burn through those people really really quickly and then you see a drop off if you see good results for a little bit longer than that a week couple of weeks and then you see the drop off it may well be that your ads are good enough to get people who are product aware and you're helping convince them to buy yours instead of someone else's um but if you're not getting past that point you're probably not good enough to go to the other stages so yes is a case of improving your ads better offers better ad creative I'll talk about that more in a second but it's also the messaging that you use starts to become really important so the first thing I want you to do is identify are are your ads good enough to get which stage to convert basically so it might be that only hot audiences in which case you need to create ads that are aimed at people that are product aware and try and get them to convert how would you do that you would emphasize the benefits of your product or service over your competitors that's how you get product aware people to purchase if they're already good enough to do that and you're thinking okay how can I improve them to go a step up again you need to change the messaging and change the positioning of the of the advertising so then you need to go out people who aren't solution aware to get from solution aware to purchase you need to go that one stage further and say we know that you know you can run paid ads to get great results but did you know that an agency can do it for you did you know that this type of product or service that we offer is the perfect answer to the solution you're looking for if you've already achieved solution aware you won't be seeing a drop off after days weeks probably even months you'd be able to advertise for much longer but if you're really trying to scale and uh improve your return on ad spend uh you need to go one step up again and go for people who are problem aware but not solution aware so Those ads would be pitched as do you have ABC problem if so did you know that this perfect solution that we happen to have is going to solve your problem improve your life all that sort of stuff and then if you really want to get very brave and Tackle unaware of course you can but you need to start by addressing the problem in the first place and letting people know were you the subject of an injury in a work environment did you know that you can get payment up to the amount of du d d d du as I said the personal injury lawyer is the super obvious one in those cases but you can do it in other scenarios as well it's it's improving your offer improving your creative but also trying to change your messaging to Target people that are at a lower level of awareness and then push them all the way through and in terms of getting really granular with stuff because I've seen Facebook advertisers tear their hair out trying to work out well hang on how do I get the messaging WR and know that I'm only reaching solution aware people you don't like if you if you create an ad that's aimed at solution aware people the messaging isn't going to be perfect for say people who are product aware or your hot audiences but it's fine generally because those people are much more like to convert anyway they're much more easier to convert so don't worry about segmenting out your audiences I would try and have multiple different ads with different messaging price points see how they perform to the total audience if you get it right you will most likely see that the ads pitched at people that are less aware will do well because if you are product aware and someone starts by talking about your problem so let's say someone is aware that you can hire a face Facebook ads agency to do your Facebook ads for you and an ad messaging is pitched that are you struggling to get customers did you know that running Facebook ads is a great way to do it those people aren't going to be put off by that it's they still have the problem and they already know about the solutions you're just you're you're reinforcing what they already know it's not wasted time it's not a d it's not like it's not going to work and then you can lead into the Facebook ad so if you pitch an ad at a lower level of awareness you're going to get people who are further down to convert but it's very unlikely to happen the other way around if you pitch in going our Facebook advertising Services is amazing it's so much better than our competitors look at all these testimonials that's a hard sale to people that don't even know you can run Facebook ads to find new customers which there are lots of people or don't even know that it's a viable option for their business and that's very much how I'd like you to think about this awareness framework and how you need to go after your potential customers and change your marketing messaging give it a go and if it really works out let me know in the comments below and if you want to know how to create high converting Facebook ads that can be put in front of people that are higher up the awareness ladder and still get them to convert I'd recommend that you check out this video in it I demonstrate a toour that I love that makes it really quick and easy to produce really high quality and high converting and creative

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @iduifeanyi5398 [1 likes]: You talk too much. Please go straight to the point.
  3. @curtisthacreator2231 [1 likes]: I have one as that has been consistent for the last 6 months!! But now all of a sudden it’s super slow I’m not getting any sales I don’t know what my next steps should be?
  4. @Amazennn [1 likes]: thanks a ton ben. one of the best vids on marketing ive ever seen
  5. @Umarnirban1107: but my ad dry in second day
  6. @eo1213: I think there are multiple reasons Facebook ad performance can drop quickly. It feels unfair that your video doesn’t acknowledge that and frames the issue as only awareness level and funnel stages—which comes across like an indirect pitch for your agency. A more thorough video that covers other likely causes and practical fixes would be more helpful and would also make you look more well-rounded, because Facebook ads aren’t that straightforward.
  7. @worldoffun9600: none of what you said, is the real reason or solution to the problem... ur just saying thoery( assumed ) for filling up minutes in your video. But your suggestions are 100% useless
  8. @AnaBrandybura: I had a random drop like this a couple of months ago. Everything looked normal on the dashboard but the people coming in just didn’t feel the same.
Out of curiosity I ran a bit of the traffic through qail ai  and it honestly just confirmed how messy things were at that moment. Meta has these weird phases...
  9. @wakhff0000: Thnxxxx😊😊😊😊😊
  10. @Mnrtmo: My ads were pulling a beautiful 4 roas with almost 1k spent and suddenly I got a few likes from a similar audience but not my buyers and the algorithm completely shifted to only showing to the people who were engaging and not buying. 
I tried duplicating the campaign and it went off track 3 more times… I don’t know what to do. I had amazing winning ads pulling me in so much money from such a small budget.

Please help…
  11. @philiphindle1076: This dude is a genius. I’m gonna use what he said and make some video scripts for our solution aware audience tomorrow!!
  12. @capitalist830: guy is just a professional yapper
  13. @Greeenleb: Thanks for the video Ben! Quick quest, so if the results of the specific campaign drop off, we edit the campaign, create additional Ads under the same Ad Set and start again the learning phase? or we turn off that campaign and re-create another one with the different Ads that you mentioned? (Ad1-hot audience, Ad1-product aware, etc.)
  14. @ShantysBrown: It was very informative
  15. @daniyalsiddiq3140: Love it.
  16. @AmyWebber-x6g: Interesting.
  17. @maryyadegoke: Great video
  18. @oshaosha7338: In my experience what I find to help especially when you are in a niche where your business doesn’t solve that much problems or any problems at all or you are a small business owner and can’t afford to pay thousands to advert agencies, is to run a new “campaign“ not ads ,but campaign whenever performance drops drastically for a long period of time especially after running a campaign with steady results for more than a month. Because at that point , I feel like uploading new ad creatives doesn’t really help much.  I am a small skincare retail business owner and that worked for me. I find it easier that way than to stress about looking for a grand problem these products I sell solve. lol
  19. @ReadyForDreams: This is a solid vid with tons of useful insights, thanks ✨
  20. @tetramode: So basically a reverse funnel?

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- HOW TO FIX THE FACEBOOK ADS NOT DELIVERING PROBLEM (STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem step-by-step. If your ads are approved but not spending money, not getting impressions, or showing a not delivering status inside Ads Manager, don't worry. This is a very common issue for advertisers, and in most cases, it can be fixed quickly once you identify the real cause. In this guide, I'll walk you through the most common reasons why Facebook ads stop delivering and how to solve them. First, open your web browser and go to Meta Ads Manager. Log into the Facebook account connected to your advertising account and open the campaign that is not delivering properly. Once you're inside Ads Manager, check the delivery column to confirm the exact status of your campaign, ad set, or ad. One of the most common common reasons ads stop delivering is because the campaign is still in review. Facebook sometimes takes longer to approve ads depending on the account history, ad category, or recent account activity. If your ad is still under review, you may simply need to wait a little longer before delivery begins. Next, check your account spending limit and payment method. Go to billing and payments inside Ads Manager and make sure your payment method is active and hasn't been declined. If there's an unpaid balance or billing issue, Facebook may completely stop ad delivery until the payment problem is resolved. Another major reason for delivery problems is audience size. If your targeting is too narrow, Facebook may struggle to find enough people to show your ads to. Open your ad set settings and review your targeting options. Try broadening your audience by increasing locations, age ranges, interests, or behaviors to give Facebook more people to optimize toward. You should also check your campaign budget and bid strategy. Extremely low budgets or aggressive manual bid settings can prevent ads from entering auctions successfully. In many cases, increasing your daily budget slightly or switching to automatic bidding can help restore delivery quickly. Another important step is reviewing your ad quality and policy compliance. If your ads were recently rejected, limited, or flagged for low-quality content, Facebook may reduce delivery significantly. Make sure your ad creatives, landing pages, and copy follow Meta advertising policies and avoid misleading claims, restricted content, or poor user experience. If you recently edited the campaign multiple times, Facebook's learning phase may also affect delivery temporarily. Frequent changes to targeting, budgets, or creatives can reset optimization and slow down performance. Sometimes the best solution is simply allowing the campaign to stabilize for several hours before making more edits. You should also verify that your pixel or conversion tracking is working correctly if you're optimizing for conversions. A broken pixel or missing event setup can confuse Facebook's optimization system and reduce delivery performance. Use the Meta Events Manager tool to confirm your events are firing properly. If none of these fixes work, try duplicating the campaign or ad set and launching a fresh version. Sometimes older campaigns become stuck due to optimization or delivery issues, and creating a clean duplicate can solve the problem almost instantly. And that's it. You've successfully learned how to fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering problem by checking billing issues, audience targeting, budgets, ad quality, and optimization settings. You can usually get your campaigns delivering again very quickly. If you found this tutorial helpful, make sure to subscribe to Learn Mode Lab for more Facebook Ads, Meta, and digital marketing tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpliftZoneYT [1 likes]: I just find my solution here 
Thank you so much

- 5 Video Ad Formats with Proven Performance You Better Start Using Today: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi guys i'm sergey shelkov sales executive here at epom and in this video we're going to discuss the hottest video ad formats to implement in your digital strategy i believe that the craze for videos will not stop anytime soon especially in 2021 when people are expected to watch online videos at least 100 minutes a day that is about 20 longer compared to the daily viewing minutes in say 2019. so the first hottest ad format would be outstream ads this video ad format is called outstream because the video ads are not dependent on online video content instead they exist outside of them you don't even need to have a video player on your page to display these ads do you remember that one article you're reading on forbes.com and a video ad appeared sneakily in the left corner of your laptop screen well that's a classic example of outstream video ads and forbes.com has a lot of them and it's not just about your favorite news outlet even facebook features such videos the autoplay styling video feature on facebook is nothing but an example of outstream video ads stream has several pros first these ads can be monetized easily you don't even need to have video content on your page to sell video ad placements second advertisers don't have to worry if their videos are being watched by the target audience since these video ads only play when they're 100 in view they're paused as the user scrolls down and resumes only when they scroll back up third upstream video ads are watched 25 longer when compared to in-stream fourth advertisers are built only when their video ads are watched for a certain duration let's say 30 seconds the biggest drawback of australian videos is that there's a bit of chaos on how to track their roi this is because many platforms lack adequate outstream analytics our second format to rock the stage is rewarded video ads rewarded video ads are the ones that a user can choose to watch for some incentive remember those extra gems in the game which you earned after watching a video ad oh yeah that's what a rewarded video ad does since the user can choose to watch these ads or skip these video ads do not prove to be a burden for the viewers and this is how they prove to be a win-win deal for both parties involved both users and advertisers and what's more these video ads are also expected to have better engagement with 79 of mobile players claiming that they prefer rewarded ads over any other ad type pros of the rewarded video are pretty obvious rewarded ads are always accompanied by a related incentive and so they prove to be engaging these ads are not auto played unless the user chooses to watch them and since these ads are often served to when the user is out of energy hp or coins in their favorite game they are more likely to watch it and this boosts their retention rates these ads are integrated when the user is looking for incentives advisors can rest assured then that these ads do not attract false clicks and that the user is genuinely interested in the offering although these ads have a high engagement rate sometimes potential customers are only concerned about the reward and this could defeat the entire purpose of running your ad the third most popular video ad format would be bumper video pre-rolls remember when you came across those short video ads on youtube that you absolutely love like you can watch them quickly and go back to your video well they are bumper ads just six seconds long and still convey a lot if used wisely they can etch your brand into the minds of your targeted audience according to survey conducted by google over 300 bumper campaigns ninety percent of those ads drove a significant lift in adrecal and here's why bumper ads can be cool for your digital marketing since users can't skip these ads you can make the best use of these ads to leave an affordable lasting impact on your viewers these ads deliver a high recall and promote your brand without irritating the viewer these ads are run by google and you can easily set them up on youtube with your adsense account the biggest drawback here is that segmenting your campaign and crafting it engagingly is a challenge as a poorly laid out campaign may not provide the desired traction the fourth position in our imaginary chart belongs to cdb compatible ad formats cdb stands for connected tv they are television sets that are connected to the internet either wirelessly or through wired connection cdb compatible ad formats are the kind of video marketing that is distributed on streaming media over the internet okay so what is ott ott platforms are gadgets and services that are used to stream ads think hdmi sticks game consoles and streaming boxes these ad formats can reach a wide number of audiences as streaming services have become popular furthermore they also help in strong targeting based on the targeted geographic areas and taste of the target audiences pros major ott platforms provide in-depth data analytics services for their products that help advertisers stick the right boxes since cdb compatible advertisements can be tracked efficiently in terms of the number of views they can be more accurately budgeted cons ott advertising is still in its early stages and needs guidelines for smooth implementation this form of advertising lacks certain features like cookie and flash support and the last ad format to try out in 2001 is facebook and instagram stories ads you've already definitely encountered them while scrolling your stories feeds these stories are full screen and vertical when one story ends it could end on its own or you can manually swipe through the next one begins and this is when you can place your story ad the best part of story ads is that they are easy to get started with you don't even need to have a website you can just get started with your facebook page you can simply boost your post or customize the existing template using facebook ads manager and what's more you also get access to terabytes of facebook data for easy targeting and creating look-alike audiences that are generated by the network's powerful ai algorithms the biggest pro of story ads is the high level of personalization as users provide a ton of data about their interests on instagram furthermore as stories creation and consumption are increasing year by year it makes total sense to run ads where your audiences are the only way to differentiate between an organic story and a story ad is from sponsored dentation that said these ads are highly effective according to instagram a popular north american faucet brand moen saw a 45 increase in impressions through stories with new ad formats popping up left and right it makes sense to get yourself acquainted with the latest advancements and update your video marketing strategy accordingly the only thing that might be missing in your advertising strategy is the potent tool that supports all these ad formats and provides templates for hassle-free ad serving wonder what it is you're looking for a video ad server you can download a free checklist on answering for brands and advertisers in the description of this video and don't forget to subscribe to our channel and ask questions in the comments bye you

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexkharko5119: Do you have more info about outstream video ads?

- The BEST Facebook Ads Account Structure For Ecommerce: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to successfully run Facebook ads and Instagram ads for your e-commerce store, one of the most important things that you absolutely need to nail is your account structure. The meta ads ecosystem has changed a ton in the last year, specifically for e-commerce brands. So, you need to keep up. The structures I'm going to break down in this video have been used for over a 100 different brands across all different sizes. Everything from brands literally spending their very first dollar in advertising up to brands spending 250, 300, 400, $500,000 a month in ad spend. Like Young Nails who were literally spending just $100 a day when they first started to work with us and have grown so much that at this point they're driving millions of dollars in revenue every single month along with tons of other brands like Lola Dre, Kleinfeld, Mission, Studio Suits, Opera Beds, the names go on and on and on. So, in this video, I'm going to take you behind the scenes between 6, 7, and 8 figure brands and how we're structuring each of these unique accounts. I'll break down specifically what makes these campaigns successful, how you should structure your campaigns, and ultimately how you can set yourself up in a way where you can scale and progressively build on your account. Now look, all across the board from brands of all different sizes in e-commerce, the biggest question I get from e-commerce brands is how to structure our ads and how to create a system so that we can scale steadily over time while maintaining or even improving our return on ad spend. So, I'm making this video specifically so you could replicate the success that we have at the Moonlighters. matter the size of your business, big, small, medium, or in between. All of the most successful, high earning brands that we're working with at the Moonlighters right now, especially brands that are trying to scale are using the core fundamentals of what I'm about to go through. So, what I'm going to show you right here are four different ad accounts that we're working. And I'm just going to give you a little hint at some of the elements that we're going to be looking for throughout the length of this video. Keep in mind, these are all in different places. Some of these brands started working with us 30 days ago. I'm going to show you the results of that. They're actually the fourth example here. Some of these brands have been working with us for four plus years. So the position of all of these brands is very different and their structures have adapted based on not only what they need on their current spend, but how their business reacts. So there's so many different formulas for this. The key is that we have the base structure is almost exactly the same. So in this first account, this is an account we've been working on for many years. In the last 30 days, they spent $123,000 and they drove a 4.75 return on ad spend on a 1-day click basis. You might say, "Wow, it's a lot of ad spend. I'm shocked they were only running three campaigns during this time period." The thing here is that a simplistic structure worked super well for them. What we do have here is we have swim lanes in the account. You can see in the first campaign, we have prospecting. The second campaign, we have retention, which are existing customers. And the third campaign, we have retargeting, which are people who have been to our site or added to cart before. that allows us to establish three different modes of who and when we're targeting these people and specifically how we're talking to these people. Now, this practice has basically gone out the window in the last few years and to be quite honest, it's crazy. It should not go out the window. We should be talking to our customers individually. We should be making sure that every single customer that we're talking to gets treated just a little bit differently. The key here also is that we're able to distribute our budget very safely to new customers versus retargeting versus retention. And you can see by our daily budgets that we have in here, they've gotten to a situation where they're scaling very aggressively because things have hit a really high point. We're spending $15,000 a day on prospecting. We're spending 1,250 a day on retention, meaning existing customers, and we're spending $1,250 on retargeting anyone who's been to our site. The next account that I'm going to show you is another account that we've been scaling for about a year now. This is slightly on the smaller side compared to the first brand that I just showed you. They've spent $50,000. They've driven a,000 purchases during this period and they've done so at a 2.77 return on ad spend which for them is way way above goal. Now the core of this structure is still the same. We have our swim lanes in the account. We have our prospecting and we have our retargeting. This account does not have a retention bucket. Now you might say whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa. You just said put that retention bucket in there. I'm going to get to the structures in a moment here. I just want to show you examples of how this can be manipulated and how this changes so vastly from account to account based on where you're at. In this account, we have our scaling campaign at the top, which I talk about all the time. We have two additional prospecting campaigns in the middle bottom here. And then we have a retargeting specifically for top audiences. This is a little bit different, but it's curated to what this brand specifically needs. The next structure we have here is going to blow your heads off. I promise. because this account has spent $8,500 at a, drum roll please, 10.34 10x return on ad spend. You might say, "Wo, why aren't these guys spending more? Why aren't they doing a ton more here?" There's a lot of reasons why you might want to just be economically strong. In their case, we just started working with them just a few months ago. We've seen tremendous growth in the business. We've seen their Facebook side do super well. A 10x return on ad spend at $8,500 worth of spend is driving this business $88,000 in revenue. So, this is becoming such a profit machine for this business. And as you can see, if we just pick apart this a little bit, we still have our core here. We have our main prospecting campaigns. We have our main scaling campaign. We have our remarketing campaign, which I'm highlighting right here. And then across the board, we have a couple of other tests. It's not too critical that you always have your test super super confined, but just know that the majority of the spend in this account is going into those swim lanes, is going into the structure that again I'm going to go through in just a few moments. And then finally, the most simple structure that we have here. So, this account, when they first started to come work with us, they were only spending $1,500 on the meta side. They're spending a lot more on the Google side, but their meta end was only spending $1,500 over the course of a 30-day period. Since we started working with them, we have tripled the ad spend. We went from 1,500 to 4500, actually 4,600. That's a 199% increase in amount spent. And the best part is our return on ad spend is up 328%. I know that's a crazy number. I totally understand. But this went from a 0.43 to a 1.84 since we started working with them. You're going to notice right away there's literally two campaigns running. Like what the heck is going on? What's changed so much? How has this changed so much? This is still the core structure. We have our main prospecting campaign and we have a remarketing campaign. Both of which are actually doing very well and they're both working together. They both have overlap, which again sounds crazy. So keep in mind all of these nuances are brand to brand to brand, but they're also very, very, very similar. There's always going to be an extra campaign. There's always going to be a tweaked setting. That's what professional management does. But keep in mind here that we need to have the core be the same. So I'm going to show you what that core actually looks like. So the very first structure we're going to go with is this brand new account that started just 30 days ago. Now, they're spending $4,500 in spend over the last 30 days, but keep in mind, we literally took this from $1,500 in spend to $4,500. That's only spending $150 per day. I understand still at $150 per day, that might be and might sound like a lot to you, but just keep in mind this is the most simple structure that I would recommend. What you're going to notice is this structure basically has two components. It has a broad prospecting CBO campaign and it has a remarketing campaign. I'm going to break down what that looks like in my complex structure here. based on how much you're spending. If you are under $3,000 in spend, and even if you're like $3 to $5,000 in spend, this is where I want you to start. You're going to start with a pure broad prospecting campaign. You're going to put all your creatives in that campaign. You're also going to set up an existing customer campaign, which is another word for remarketing, another word for retention, an existing customer campaign that is targeting all of your existing customers. Heads up, this is very, very important. There are a lot of sneaky settings in Meta. So, when you're going to set up this existing customer campaign, what you need to be sure of is that when you're in your ad set settings, so when you're trying to actually define your ad set, you need to go down to your audience section and in your custom audiences, I want you to specifically target anyone who's purchased from you. I can't show you these exact audiences, but take my word for it. It's anyone who's purchased from the pixel in the last 180 days, and it's anyone who's purchased according to Clavio's list over all time. That's just your email or CRM list imported into Facebook. The key here and what you need to be looking out for is not selecting this button right here. Not selecting reach people beyond your custom audience when it's likely to improve performance. Do not select that. And in many cases in new setups in the new Advantage Plus experience, you're going to be prompted with something different. And I'd bet that the verbiage on this changes 20 times in the next 30 days. So be very, very careful. What you need to make sure is you're not clicking anything that is allowing Facebook to expand on your audience. You need to limit it in all cases because you want to very specifically only target these existing customers. In terms of budget, you should generally manage your existing customers very very differently than your prospecting. Your prospecting you generally want to keep with the majority of your budget so you can drive net new acquisition. and your existing customers are just a way to continue to remind existing customers that you're here, that you're with them, and in most cases are only going to represent somewhere around 5 to 10% of your spend. Don't hold me to that number, but know that you should be managing your existing customers by looking at their frequency. And the way that you can do that is by adding a column into Facebook. Now, I have it here. I usually keep it all the way to the right or somewhere in between. Now, in this case, it's pretty high. It's 17 frequency over a 30-day period. That means the average person who is watching and seeing my ads sees these ads 17 times over a 30-day period. Or better said, they see an ad every other day. That's not that bad when you say it like that. And in most cases, I'm completely fine with it. A general rule of thumb is never show your ad more than once per day when they're in the remarketing phase. When they've already purchased from you before, they've already proven that they're willing to buy from you. You generally don't need to remind them every single day that you're still around. If you're in the 3 to 10k range, just to give you the structure first, cuz things are getting a little bit more complex. First, you have your same prospecting campaign. You are still going 100% broad. So, each of these packs are 100% broad. They are not targeting interest. They are not doing anything special. They are broad. In each of these packs, you have different creatives. Now, you could have anywhere from two creatives, five creatives, nine creatives, I don't really care, but four to six is generally the sweet spot. The next campaign that you see here is the scaling campaign. Now, I would typically call this an ASC scaling or advantage plus shopping scaling campaign. However, ASC is changing so much this year. Be on the lookout for all of those changes, but just know that everything is changing about ASC. So, for now, we're calling this a scaling campaign for the rest of 2025. Your scaling campaign is your top performing creatives. Now, we have to define top performing creatives. Top performing creatives are going to change drastically based on your account, based on your goals, based on your spend, based on how much average order value you usually get, based on how many purchases you're driving. It's all going to be different. The way that I like to think about top performing creatives is actually quite simple. I go into my ad account. I select the prospecting campaign. So, we're going to be selecting this campaign right here, the prospecting campaign. And once we're in that campaign, I sort by amount spent. So, I keep this really straightforward. I just sort by straight up amount spent. You can notice in this example here, in the last 30 days, this campaign spent $16,000. It drove 397 purchases. So, we have a ton of inputs here. And it did so at a 3.22 return on ad spend. I do want to make sure I'm removing any sort of weird situations like if there was a sale, if there was something of an anomaly. In this case, we don't really have those examples. What I'm doing is I'm looking for any ads that have driven the top percent of spend and also delivered above my average return on ad spend or my average goal. So, in this case, the accounts go around a three. The first ad right off the bat that clearly shines to me is this number one ad. It has spent the most in the entire campaign. 3,000 of $16,000 is quite a high portion and it's done so at a 4.5 return on ad spend. This is a clear as day winner. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to take this ad and I'm going to click the hard duplicate button. This is an important trick that you need to know. You're clicking the hard duplicate button. You are clicking existing campaign and you are going to change this here to your scaling campaign. The scaling campaign will have one single adent in it so there's no confusion on where exactly it needs to go. You're going to be moving the best performing creatives in the packs into the scaling campaign. To show you what this actually looks like in a little bit of a flowchart, this is our full-blown scaling mechanism. The scaling mechanism is basically that we have a broad pack and the top performing creatives get graduated into the broad scaling campaign which we have here up top. That is the core of what's going on in the second stage here. The second stage here is the first time where we take the best performing creatives and we push them into the scaling mechanism. Super super important in this 3 to 10k range. There's no difference going on on the existing customers. This is maintaining exactly as it was. Now look, before I even go further, I want to let you know that this stage, this is where we as the Moonlighters really do come into play. This is where we shine. Businesses that are spending 20, 30, 40, 50 plus,000 in ad spend every single month, this is where we come in and we optimize. And on average for the brands that we work with, we drive an increase in return on ad spend and or profit by 41%. If you want a team of absolute dogs, true killers to come in here and help grow your business with you today, go to the moonlighters.com/apply. There's a link in the description. and there's probably a link in the first comment so that you can go and work with us today. Now, what got you from 0 to 3 is not what's going to get you from 3 to 10. What got you from 3 to 10 is not going to get you from 10 to 30, 40, 50. So, getting to that golden $1,000 a day in spend. And of course, doing so at the profitable measure that you need to be at, it gets complicated. I'm going to break down everything you need to know for this section. This is where we shine. The hard part is when you get to $30,000 in ad spend or at that range, you start to hit walls for the first time, you start to spend a little bit and you hit a dead wall where anytime you spend beyond that wall, you drop in your efficiency. There's a number of levers and a number of reasons why this might happen. Oftent times doing with the distribution of your budget, right? So the distribution of your budget might just be completely off, which might really, really hurt this. But if you're doing your distribution right and you're still hitting a wall, there's a key here that's going to unlock an improvement in your overall efficiency while the rest of your account can continue to scale. So at roughly 10 to 30k spend, we're going to have the same scaling campaign, the same existing customer campaign. There's nothing that needs to change in these. You're still graduating your best performing ads into your scaling campaign, which is right here. Your prospecting campaign is where things are going to change. This is going to start to get way more expansive. I'm going to show you an example in just a moment. You have your same packs whenever you have new creatives. So, anytime new creative, new pack, new creatives, new pack, new creatives, new packs. The key here is we're adding interest into the group. I say here that these have new creatives, but I'm actually going to change this right now because I think it makes it a little bit more clear. The key in this section here is that we now have interest groups within the same prospecting CBO campaign. In an actual ad account, this looks like our broad packs are here at the top. And there could be 20 or 30 broad packs. It could be two broad packs in this case. And then we have our interest groups right here. The key of these interest groups is they are receiving the best performing creative from our packs and they are going into the interest groups. They do not contain all creatives. To show you all that in a flowchart here, what is basically happening is top creatives, let's pretend creative number one here is a top creative. Top creative gets graduated into the winners bucket per that red line. That winners bucket then graduates that creative into the interest which are just full of winners. This flow here is critical because what's going to happen is interest groups are not going to scale. Interest groups are really, really, really just used to improve efficiency, improve return on ad spend, decrease cost per acquisitions. Cuz if you look at this account right here, you'll notice that our two broad adsets drove a 3.3 and a 3.6 return on ad spend. What did our three interest groups drive? 6.1 return on ad spend, 4.2 return on ad spend, 3.8 return on ad spend. They all beat even the worst one beat all of our broad. You could tell right off the bat there's just not enough volume. Facebook can't figure out ways to scale these individual audiences like it can a broad audience which is going to be a problem for anyone when they're at that 30k, 40k, 50k, 100k ad spend. So it's critical we have a combination of interest and broad. I'm going to tell you one more really important secret for all interest groups. any interest group that you're running. If you go into your adset, you never want to target more than one single detailed interest. So, in this case, you can see we're literally targeting one single interest here. We are not targeting 17 different interests. We're not trying to create a persona. That does not work anymore. You want to know for sure, does my one single interest work? If not, cut it. Okay? So, you've gone from 10 to 20 to 30 to 40 to 50 plus,000 in ad spend. You are at that elite level now. Now, I hope you watch every single portion of this because none of this makes sense without watching actually the first half of this video. This is the dream state. This is where you want to get to. If you do this without getting to this ad spend level or getting to this revenue level, you're toast. You cannot implement this without going through the other stages first, you will completely destroy any chance you have of actually scaling and maintaining an efficient return on ad spend. This setup remains nearly identical but more expansive. Meaning we have at this stage I'm only showing you two packs. You probably have 10 or 20 packs here. We have two interest. You probably have five, 6, 7, eight different interests. You have your same singular scaling campaign. You have your existing customer campaign. Now your existing customer audiences are going to expand. You're growing your business. You have more customers. You have bigger cohorts of customers. At a base, just make sure you're targeting everyone. But feel free to break these down. The ways that I like to break them down are 180day purchasers from the pixel and then everyone who's converted elsewhere that's on your email list. Break those into two different adsets just to give you a little bit of division and as you get really big break that into 30 days, 90 days, 180 days. On the retargeting side, we are finally adding dedicated retargeting. So up to date, we have basically been allowing retargeting to just flow into anywhere it wants. Not only does that cause some issues when we get to levels of scale because that's when you do hit one of those walls of diminishing returns, you are going to have trouble scaling if you're not breaking out your retargeting because you need to know how much you're spending on your net new customers. So, what we want to do for retargeting specifically is we want to now introduce add to cart plus site visitors. You could do this in an individual ad set if you have very little data. But if you have a lot of site visitors, if you have a lot of people adding to cart, what I define by a lot is like thousands per day, then you could then break those out into different unique adsets. If you do that, you'll have clear divisions and clear understanding of how is my ad to cart performing, how are my site visitors performing, which is going to be an advantage because you can distribute the budget accordingly wherever it's going to drive the best return for your business. At the end of the day, the most important thing is having the structure in place to then actually farm the best creatives, send them to the potential customers, potential clients of yours to ultimately get them to convert. Now, look, we covered a lot in this video, so I hope that most of the information here is super usable for you. And again, as always, if you have questions, let me know in the comments below. But look, if you are spending $10,000 plus per month, then click the link down below if you want actual pros to come in here and not just implement this, but curate this to your actual business based on your cost of goods, based on your margins, based on every single little intricacy of your business because no business is truly the same. You can go down in the description and go to the moonlighters.com/apply. And if not, totally fine. I've just basically given everything you need to get your account structured properly and basically set you up for success for the remainder of this year before things continue to change again and again and again. But one of the other key things that you always need to focus on is actually how to test creatives properly. So, I just made a video on this as well. Click the link right here where I break down exactly how we test all of our creatives at scale to minimize your wasted budget and ultimately make sure your budget is spent on your best performing assets. I will see you all in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l70
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l70
  2. @sellium-m7n [1 likes]: Hello Sam 👋 ! That was a great video ! 

I got some questions for you : 

1- Why did you disable the creative winner in the prospecting campaign since it already works?
 
2- How many adsets should there be in the scaling campaign? 

Thank you for the value you share 💪
  3. @SufiyanKhan-wf3bi: All campaigns are advantage + shopping campaigns or the prospecting campaigns are sales campaigns?
  4. @SezginAykal: keşke kendini övmek yerine düzgün şeyler anlatsaydın şunu yaptım bunu yaptım demişsin başka bişey yok
  5. @jwh0122: 7:25 under 3k; for re-targeting campaign, do NOT choose Advantag custom audience+
9:20 existing customers: Frequency

9:58 3-10k
11:03 how to select the best perf ad -> Amount spent (higest) + Purchase ROAS

14:00 10k-30k
16:42 Detailed targeting: only ONE interest

17:34 30k+
17:55 existing customers: more granular
18:20 re-targeting: ACT + website visitors
  6. @shivamrajput8705: I have a question.. prospecting campaign must b tofu.. so what must b campaign objective?
  7. @DrewCarone: What differentiates the "packs"? Products, categories, ad content types, etc.? Unsure how these are separated
  8. @clashwithkhancoc3051: What are packs? Adsets?
  9. @Mariiaa334: I don't understand why do you recommend to not use interest in the campaigns under  10k and yes do it in the campaigns between 10k and 30k
  10. @antonioangelov5122: Are packs just Ad sets with multiple creatives and each creative is sharing the Ad set budget?
  11. @mohamedelsaid8706: What is the difference between a scaling campaign and a prospecting campaign, i confused at this part. Otherwise, u are amazing, bro <3
  12. @mohamedelsaid8706: First of all, U are amazing bro really wish you all best of luck really <3 ,, and i have some concerns and am asking about if i can book a paid 1-2 session privately with you to understand some inquiries and know very well the structure of this mentioned in the video because i did not understand 100%, can i?
  13. @Kewell-d9e: Hi Sam, thank you so much for your great videos and insights. I’d really appreciate your thoughts on the following:

1. You mentioned that a pack should include 4–6 creatives. For a shop with many different products, is it okay to mix multiple products in the same pack? For example:

Structure 1:

Pack 1

- 3 creatives for Product A

- 3 creatives for Product B

- 2 creatives for Product C

Or should each pack focus on a single product, like this:

Structure 2:

- Pack 1: 4 creatives for oProduct A

- Pack 2: 6 creatives for Product B

- Pack 3: 5 creatives for Product C

The monthly budget is around $10,000. You mentioned that with a budget till $3,000, it’s best to put all creatives into one pack. But I’m wondering, when the budget is around $10,000, how should the packs be structured?

2. If I create new creatives, is it okay to upload the next packs just 2–3 days later, or should I wait a bit longer?

3. If my prospecting campaign is already performing above my target ROAS, when is the right time to scale the budget, and by how much (%) would you recommend increasing it?
  14. @hotsizzle33: What if we have so many winners products? Do you have a scaling and testing campaigns for each?
  15. @learnwithkhubbaib: @sampiliero when hard duplicate should we turn off the existing campaign straight away or keep it running as well. Also when we duplicate it starts the learning phase which will cause high spent and low orders is it normal?
  16. @adam-nb2qw: Hello amazing video, but why would you retarget existing customers with the same customers especially if they have bought before ?
  17. @richajaiswal4678: hello sam, thanks for this amazing video. Since this video is advertised for "ecom",  i want to know if multiple prospecting, remarketing and scaling campaigns has to be made per product or product category? My store has several types of products, although all fashion related but not sure if this structure has to be followed just once for all product categories or groups? Looking forward to your response
  18. @BirdieMafia: Hi Sam 
Loving the content am learning a lot..
I have a couple of quick questions if that’s ok..
1. When pushing winning creatives from prospecting to scaling do we turn it off in prospecting & just run in scaling campaign..
2. Scaling budget compared to prospecting.. Say I set prospecting at $150 per day (in the another video you released ‘only video you’ll ever need’ you said make this your main budget) what should I set scaling at to start & how much can we increase it weekly if performing well..
This is all scary stuff seeing no results past few days since swapped to the broad method (we used to just heavily target golf interests in ABO set up) 
Cheers 
Nathan
  19. @thijsreuvers6219: Hi Sam, thanks for all the good advice. I have a question: I am starting a new brand together with someone and I run the ads. Now I do not really now where to start in types of starting budget and campaigns and how to spread the budget to those. Also: when I start and test new creatives in a CBO campaign, for how long do I let them run in that campaign, what do I do with that campaign, in which campaign will I scale the winning ads and what will I do with that ads that perform badly within that testing campaign? Thanks in advance! @SamPiliero
  20. @mohdshoaibindia: I hope you could read this comment and reply, just wanted to know how to distribute budget for futher campaign more than 3k+, what should be scaling budget, prospectimg, and retargeting, in %age

- I Reviewed Meta Ads From Real Ecommerce Brands: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running meta ads for an e-commerce business right now, your ad creative is more important than you might think. Meta has automated a lot of the other elements of sales campaigns and that makes your ad creative one of the few areas where you can really win and beat your competitors. In this video, I'm going to break down real meta ad creative from e-commerce businesses. We'll look at what works, what doesn't, and most importantly explain why so that you can stop guessing and start building ad creative that actually converts. Okay, so the ad creators I'm going to be going through today are all ones that my team have found in the meta ad library. These aren't ads that I've seen before. Um, so I'm reacting to them fresh and they're not ads that we've created. We felt we could get a broader range of things that were good, bad, and everything in between if we if we did it this way and that would be most valuable. So this first one is from Holy Gels. Um, obviously going to be nail related. Looking at the the thumbnail on on the video, it is a video. It's 18 seconds long. Let's go ahead and give this a watch. Wait, did no one tell you this is the only kit that actually replaces a salon? Yes, really. It takes under 10 minutes, lasts over two weeks, and costs less than half a salon visit. No damage when you remove it. Just stronger, healthier nails every time. I'm not kidding. Over 200,000 people have already switched. You're seriously missing out. >> Okay, interesting. So, there's some really strong points that I can see immediately, right? So, firstly, whoever's putting this together has really thought about this hook, how the video starts. And the hook's really important. that initial scene, it's what either grabs people's attention or doesn't. And if you don't grab people's attention, they're not going to hear about your offer. They're certainly not going to convert. So, for any ad creative, any video to do well, it has to do that in in the first place. So, there's a few elements to this hook that are good. Firstly, they've incorporated movement that's going to help grab people's attention. You can see there's like tapping on the nail. Um secondly, the wording used, wait, did you know uh both you know that you could hear that in the audio, but also um it's included in captions is again something that's likely to grab people's attention. Like if someone comes up to you and be like, wait, did you not know about like immediately like you're paying attention to that person who's saying that to you. So they thought about the hook and I think that's pretty good. Let's just go through that again. >> Wait, did no one tell you this is the only kit that actually replaces a salon? Yes. Really? >> And then they've kept up the pace. the movement is fast with the fact they're putting on these gels onto the nail and then it's getting cut round um to the edges. Um so yeah, so I think that's pretty good. I think that's that's done quite well. You've got the tapping on the nail followed by the movement, the weight. Did no one tell you? And then they immediately are getting into the value of what it is they're offering. Did no one tell you that this is the kit that actually replaces a salon? So you're immediately positioning this as an alternative to going to a nail salon. Um, and then people will be able to see for the rest of the ad and stuff like that. But people will then assume, well, this is going to be much less expensive. Then I can save myself some money. I can save myself some time. So the value of the offer is already getting in whilst it's being demonstrated in a video format. >> It takes under 10 minutes, lasts over two weeks. And >> takes under 10 minutes, lasts over two weeks. So benefits associated with the product. >> Costs less than half a salon visit. >> Cost less than half a salon visit. And it's just what I was saying. >> No damage when you remove it. Just stronger. >> No damage when you remove it. That might be an objection. That might be a concern that people have around similar products. So, they're getting that in there. >> Healthier nails every time. I'm >> just healthier nails every time. Again, that's kind of overcoming objection and reinforcing the value provided by the >> Not kidding. Over 200,000. >> The I'm not kidding. And then a break over 2,000. Sounds like the voice is probably done by AI. With that in there, that could be a little bit better. Just felt a little bit jarring. >> People have already switched. You're seriously missing out. >> Over 200,000 people have already switched. You're seriously missing out. getting some social proof in there. Um, we know that if you look at reviews, testimonials, x, massive number of people have used this, people are more like to go with it. They feel like it's a less risky purchase where 200,000 people have already done it. Easier for me to go do it. The pacing of the video is good throughout. So, there's constant little cuts and demonstrations of how the product works going on. So, it's not just um cutting between stuff and having that sort of fast-paced edit for for the sake of it. It's also relevant to what's being offered. This is only an 18-second video and a lot of information is shared, a lot of sales points, a lot of benefits about uh what it is they're selling, overcoming some objections, including some information about the offer, why it should work. So, I think they've done a decent job. For me, it's a little bit cheesy, a bit salesy, almost a bit sleazy. only kit that actually >> like, wait, did no one tell you? Like, for me, that's a little bit over the top. And whilst that might work really well for generating sales in the short run, that's going to hurt your brand in the long run if you're trying to position yourself as as premium in particular, I'm getting the impression this business isn't. They're trying to be like, look, this is a cheap, quick, and easy way to do it instead of the more expensive, time-conuming way, in which case it's going to hurt their brand much less, if at all, because of that's how they're positioning. Um, but that's just something that I would potentially look to change, and I would be looking to test this in amongst other ads. If we can have other ads that don't lean quite as heavily into that sort of clickbaitiness as it were, that engagement battiness at the beginning and they can still perform well or close to as well as this one. I would rather go with other ones that have less of a brand risk, but I would still expect this to perform well through. >> Yes, really. It takes under 10 minutes, lasts over two weeks, and costs less than half a salon visit. No damage when you remove it. Just stronger, healthier nails every time. I'm not kidding. Over >> again. I'm not kidding. Yeah, I'm not a big fan of that. I just think I just think it's over the top, right? But I could see it working well from a performance, particularly from a direct response standpoint in terms of generating sales in the short run. Might be slightly painful, uh, slightly harmful, I should say, over the long run to the brand. Uh, but it depends on their objectives. This might be a business that's very much in it for the short run. And it is within an industry where you can get away with that sort of uh language, that sort of messaging a bit more than you can um within others. In general, it is a good ad. I think there are lots of elements they've done really well. Um I'd probably like to see a little bit more of a stronger call to action at the end. Let's have a look at that. >> You've already switched. You're >> Yeah, that end. You're seriously missing out and it's just like a little bit of a scroll. That probably that end part probably stronger. Um is it backed up by, you know, buy two get one free? selling. Okay, they've got some information around um the product in here. Shop now button. I just think that at the end of that video, they could have been more clear on the call to action like click the button, come through either in an audio like you could hear that or just have it appear on text for half a second right at the end just to make that call to action a little bit more concrete. But I'd still rank that ad as a pretty good one. Okay, let's move on to the next one. So, this one's from uh well, Bear Grills is coming from his page. Um, and this is for his Water Two, which is his water filter company. So, I'm familiar with the brand, but haven't seen this ad before. Let's um go ahead and give this a watch. Okay, so that is the water filter installed. Job done. Uh, took me about 4 minutes. Even if you're not very good at DIY, this is not going to take you longer than 10. It's pretty simple, trust me. If you're tired of stocking up your fridge full of bottled water, then we have the perfect solution. According to Good Food Water 2 is the best undersink water filter. This is the last water filter you'll ever need to buy. Okay. Very interesting. Right. So, I would not expect Bear Grills to be a meta ad creative expert, but I would say he's working with people that know what they're doing cuz again, there are some really good elements within this. So, we've got a visual hook right at the beginning, right? So, this is the opening scene. We're sort of looking. You can see Bear Grills his face a bit. We're sort of in the sink behind the filter. So, there's a lot of dynamic movement right at the beginning. Maybe you could speed that up to the point where he could get talking faster, but I think there's also recognition from him. That's probably part of the reason why you I see this company's ad creative all the time. Uh I imagine they're putting a huge amount of budget behind it. Having him involved is a huge deal. Remember we talked about one of the most important things for an ad creative to do is stop the scroll, grab people's attention in the first place. Well, having someone on there that people recognize and great way to do that. Now, I'm assuming he's part of this company as in he's a a part owner as opposed to being a, you know, like a paid influencer. And you don't have to necessarily go with someone who has as large an audience as Bear Grills does, but I'm a big fan of using influencers, creators in your ad creative to help stop the scroll. You can do it with people that have much smaller followings. And if their following is relevant to the people that you're looking to reach, can make a really big difference to your hook rate, which is just the percentage of people that stick around for longer than 3 seconds. So, I like the movement right at the beginning. It's a good couple of seconds before we start to say anything. So, that could maybe be sped up, but um you know, I'm nitpicking a little bit there. Let's see what it has to say at the beginning. >> Okay, so that is the water filter installed. Job done. >> So we started we're talking about okay that is the water filter installed. So almost this ad is being positioned as one that is being put in front of people that are already aware of the product. Now that might not be a bad assumption because I am aware of this product. I've seen their ads and because of that they haven't necessarily started with um the benefits associated with it or explaining what it is. They're actually starting by overcoming an objection that people might have around it which you can do more to warm audiences less to cold audiences. But this may well be positioned at warm audiences in which case that makes sense. Right? So he's beginning he's talking about the installation being easy and quick. >> Uh took me about 4 minutes. Even if you're not very good at DIY, this is not going to take you longer than 10. It's pretty simple. Trust me. >> Okay. So, overcome the objection. He's also trying like the tone is very friendly. It's very like Bear Grills is my friend and he's recommending this thing like you'll be fine. You can get it installed. It's nice and easy. So, I I quite like the tone there. That's done quite well. And I feel like that is appropriate for his personal brand and the people that know who he is and follow him. If you're tired of stocking up your fridge full of bottled water, then we have the perfect solution. >> Actually, so interesting. So, I wouldn't be at all surprised if the next part is body of a video ad that's being used across multiple different creatives. And then that intro, they're testing out different I can't really call it a hook cuz it lasted 15 seconds. So, hook would normally be shorter than that, but they're testing out different beginnings, which is something I'd recommend because it makes your ad go that much further, right? can create lots of different beginnings or hooks. Combine that with just a handful of main bodies of your ads and uh your ads can go a lot further and you might find ones that perform a lot better. And that opening part to your ad creative is by far the most important. Um and then we get to the rest of it. >> Fridge full of bottled water, then we have the perfect solution. >> Yeah, that's more of like the start of an ad you would expect to go out to cold audiences. Who are they targeting? We're targeting people that are already drinking bottled water as opposed to tap water primarily. and he's saying, "If you're sick of constantly putting bottled water in your fridge, that's the the call out. That's the audience they're looking to target with this. We have the perfect solution." >> According to Good Food, Water 2 is the best under sink water filter. >> So, that's great. according to good food water too. So they're using validation from an external source to um increase the credibility around their claims that this water filter is great because they're saying look this recognizable name has said this is great and this is what you should use and we've got the best option. They've also cut from the fridge. So they went from that initial scene to the fridge back to this. The movement is good. Uh it changes up the scenes, help holds people's attention as you're going through. he's going through the installation process or whatever he's doing um with this sink to help hold people's attention. >> This is the last water filter you'll ever need to buy. >> Quite like that claim. This is the last water filter you'll ever need to buy. Again, overcoming a potential objection. Oh, if I buy this, do I have to replace it every whatever? Um which is good. And then it ends, I think the ending, kind of like the previous one, the ending could be stronger. What's the offer here? Um are you running any sort of deal, any sort of promotion? It's easy for us in the marketing space to assume that everyone knows, oh, once I watch the video on Instagram that I click on the button, come through to the website and purchase. Not everyone does. Yes, a good percentage of your audience knows that, don't need to be told, but it doesn't hurt to tell the ones that already know, and it can help with the ones that aren't quite aware of that. So, I would look to make it more clear. Um, what have we got here? You know, filtered water on tap. Click through to learn more. Best tasting water guaranteed. got some information around the product. Nice short primary text. Yeah, I think the call to action could be clearer, more specific. Um, we have seen this over and over again. The clearer, more specific you make your ad creative. Uh, your call to action within your ad creative typically, the better results you get. Okay? But a good ad uh for the most part. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So, if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay. But in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay. This next ad is from Bamboo Dut. Um, right. So, what are we advertising here? Electric scaffolding. Small list with remote controls for changing lights, painting, roof repairs. Say goodbye to wobbly ladders. Hello, smooth remote control elevation. Okay, so quite a specific product, relatively niche audience. Let's have a look at the >> Anyone like this chip? Electric scaffolding. >> Electric scaffolding that can be used for construction sites and interior decoration has arrived. wireless remote control operation >> with a load capacity of 700 kg and a height of 2 to 30 m. Tell me how high you want it and I will deliver it to your home. Does anyone like this cheap electric sky >> electric? Okay. Okay. There's a lot wrong with this. So firstly, you never want to start your ad or any sort of sales copy on a sales cause anywhere anything by going does anyone want this? Does anyone fancy this? It sounds so optional. You're almost asking that question expecting people to say no. Not a good hook at all. Does anyone like Literally the caption says, "Does anyone like this?" Again, >> does anyone like this cheap electric scaffolding? >> It's Yeah, it's not even does anyone want this. Does anyone like this cheap electric scaffolding? Uh the word cheap is not what you want to be using either from a value proposition. Cheap sounds poor quality. Now, you can have something that's inexpensive or affordable. So, that's a language change there. In fairness, I think there's a bit of a language barrier situation going on here. Um, you can see that coming through in the the words that are being said um within this ad, but also you can hear it in the accent, right? Like, it sounds like she's not a native English speaker. And I would recommend that if you're selling to an English market and you're and you're selling in English, you are better off using a native English speaker or at least someone who doesn't have an accent. Your ads will just perform better. There are a few rare occasions where the accent goes so well with the product. So, I can think of certain products I've seen before where um so IKEA, for example, their ads that appear on TV and and whatever in in the UK um they'll have a Swedish accent and that fits, right? Everyone knows that that's associated with the brand and that's absolutely fine. But most of the time, you're better off using a native English speaker. And then also, you're better off making sure there's a native English speaker involved because otherwise you end up with copy issues like, "Does anyone like this?" Not not how you would want to phrase the opening to a video ad. You don't really want to use the word cheap. Um, some big issues there. So, that's one thing. >> Electric scaffolding. for construction sites. >> Okay. And then immediately go from that opening hook line to just very generic sounds like AI generated corporate voice. Don't like that either. It just you could do so much better. >> Sites and interior decoration has arrived. Wireless remote control operation. >> It just doesn't sound properly like a person. >> Load capacity of 700 kg. >> And then we move back to her voice. The same person that started with the with the hook. >> A height of 2 to 30 m. Tell me how high your home. >> Tell me how high you want it and I'll deliver it to your home. That's a bit strange in some ways. I'll deliver it to your home. I mean, that's a bit of a weird call to action because I imagine the vast majority of the people that want to buy one of these, they are doing it for work purposes, whether they're a trade or a business that needs to do this. So, it's probably more like to be delivered to an office, a warehouse, or, you know, the sort of location where it's likely to be used, less likely to be someone's home. Could be, but less likely to be someone's home. Their use cases are just people being pulled up and down. I think that's fine to use in part, but much better to actually demonstrate the use cases. So much better to show, I don't know, if it's a roofer using it to go up or if it's someone moving something within a warehouse or if it's, you know, actual use cases that people are going to use this product for. Someone needing to get up to cut a tree or a street light or whatever people actually use this for. I would demonstrate those instead would be much better visuals. >> Does anyone like this cheap electric scaffolding? Electric scaffolding that can be used for construction sites and interior decoration has arrived. >> Okay. Construction sites, interior decoration. Show that then. This is kind of random locations going up and down. >> Wireless remote control operation >> with a load capacity of 700 kg. >> Yeah, the the switching between the two voices is odd. Some of the things they mention is like great like sure include those features around the product. you want. >> 30 mters. Oh, so it can really go high. Oh, okay enough. I misunderstood that a little bit. I thought it was up to 2 m. So between 2 and 30 m. So then the call to action makes a little bit more sense. Like tell me how high you want it. We can deliver it. But again, that's just like it's not you could present that so much better. So you could say like click through and check out our various options and then some offer some sort of offer please. Special discount now um while stocks last something to convince people to take action. The opening scene of that being really high is is interesting, but again, I'd rather that was in a specific use case. And just that I cannot tell you how much that opening line would kill you. Like would kill any ad. You could you could be selling the best product ever. And if you start it with this, >> does anyone like this cheap electric? >> Does anyone like this? Anyone fancy bit like it's just going to kill it. Um and then combine it with the word cheap and yeah, you're not off to a good start. So, a lot that can be improved in this one. Okay, moving on to the next one. This is an ad from Surreal, um, which is high protein, low sugar cereal. Not I think I've heard of this brand actually. Now it rings a bell, but not super familiar with what they do. Let's go through. >> I thought something was wrong with my surreal order because I didn't pay for this bowl and spoon, but somehow got them for free. But then I realized that they're actually giving them away for free, and all you have to do is subscribe to their delicious high protein, low sugar cereal. You'll get a quick delicious breakfast delivered to your door every 8 weeks. And because you also get 25% off, it works out at just 65p per bowl for 14 g of protein. That's similar to a protein bar, but around three times cheaper. You can change your flavors each order, and you'll get exclusive access to limited editions. It's also super simple to pause, cancel, or change your delivery dates. There's never been a better time to upgrade to protein cereal, and these taste just like your childhood favorites. So, what are you waiting for? Get your bowl and spoon before they sell out again. >> Okay, interesting, right? quite a few things to to unpack in that one. So, it's coming from Surreal. It's not being run as a partnership ad. I would assume she's an influencer just by the style of that. It's like a UGC style, but just the way it's done um is of a professional level makes me think that she probably has an audience. When that's done, when you hire an influencer to create ad creative for you, which is I assume what's happened here, what what Surreal have done, then um you're normally better off running those as partnership ads. So it would appear from Surreal and then from the creator up here is where it's come from. Um she could maybe be even the CEO of the company or the founder in which case it less of an issue. But just something to note um early on the the opening is is interesting. It's what I would refer to as quite a high-risk opening because it's they're trying to be clever and they're doing something a little bit different. Um I like that if you've got a large audience of people that are already very familiar with your ads and then mixing it up becomes more important. If you're pushing this out to cold audiences, I haven't seen you before. Often being a little bit clever like this doesn't land. So, let's just let me show you what I talk about. Let's play this. this bowl and spoon, but some serial order cuz I didn't pay for this bowl and spoon. If someone's no idea what cereal is, Surreal is, most of the reaction from most of those people is just going to be whatever, scroll past. again, assuming they don't know who she is. If they know who she is, then they might be more likely to to stick around and and find out what's going on because it's just taking too long to get to the point like, "What is this? What is this about? Am I actually interested?" Um, no. So, a high-risk creative strategy for this particular piece of creative, sometimes they land really well. I'm not opposed to testing it. This, I imagine, will work well, particularly if there are lots of people who know who Serial is. I've heard of the brand, which makes me think it's likely that a lot of people do. um or if they know who this person is within the ad itself. Um because that those two things will hold the attention and then mixing it up and being a bit different can be can be really good. >> Got them for free but then I realized that they're actually giving them away for free and all you have to do is protein low sugar cereal. You'll get a quick del >> Yeah. So it takes quite a long time to get to the part that this is, you know, we're selling cereal here and they want you to subscribe to their cereal um subscription offer. You know, we're a good like 10 12 seconds in before we get to that. >> This breakfast delivered to your door every 8 weeks. And because you also get 25% off, it works out at just 65p per bowl for 14 g of protein. That's similar to a protein. >> The editing is good. It's fast-paced. We're jumping between stuff holding people's interest. Um, she's demonstrating like a lot of emotion. For me, that can be a little bit over the top, these sorts of style ads, but I appreciate for a lot of particularly consumer brands, that is more appropriate and acceptable, emphasizing the benefits associated, right? So, 14 g of protein. She goes on to talk about three times cheaper than a protein bar, but the same amount of protein. So, that's the value proposition there. How it works. Change your flavors each order. Exclusive access to limited editions. Again, that's the sort of phrase that you would make more to warm audiences than cold audiences. >> It's also super simple to pause, cancel, or change your delivery. >> Overcoming objections. Really simple to pause, cancel, or change delivery. And visuals going along with this are nice and fast-paced at the same time. >> Been a better time to upgrade to protein cereal. And these taste just like >> Never been a better time to upgrade to protein cereal. That's a nice positioning. You're not starting a new habit. You're not You're just taking your existing cereal consumption and upgrading it to something better. >> Get your bowl and spoon before they sell out again. out again. So, it's like a special promotion they're running where you get a free bowl and free spoon again. If this is put in front of warm audiences, I'm happy with it. Cold audiences, I think that's likely to miss the mark. But this ad, in comparison to the previous two, does a much better job job with that call to action, doesn't it? Like, it's much clearer. So, what are you waiting for? Go ahead and do it now. free bowl and spoon while stocks last. We can see that's backed up in the headline. Shop now. It's just much clearer around what the offer is, whereas the other two were a little bit a little bit more vague, which I like. Um I think that the hook in this one is high risk. Could well work. Um but it does a much better job at the end there. And just a quick reminder that my agency can create, manage, and optimize your meta ad campaigns for you. We can help with creative or any of the other elements you need to get right to get the best possible meta ad results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free call with one of my team members. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together very soon. And if you want more content on me breaking down meta ad creative, go ahead and check out this video here where I go through a wide range of different creative options, not just e-commerce businesses, although there are e-commerce businesses um in there, including some ad creative that's not very good at all. Go ahead and give it a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PhoenixAdAgencyNgLimited [4 likes]: Thanks Ben for your consistent teaching today in my Country I have my own advertising agency which delivering a lot of result for busiensses in my country. I am also a one of the student who attended the ad mastery section last year.
  2. @HoussamBeliletBusiness [3 likes]: Your analytical videos are incredibly informative, not a single second is wasted. I truly hope you'll make them a series because they are extremely useful.
  3. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  4. @GuaranteedPPC [1 likes]: THE BEST ECOMMERCE ADS WILL DO A LOT MORE THAN JUST FOCUS ON FEATURES AND BENEFITS, ITS GOING TO TAP INTO EMOTIONS TO MAKE THE USER THINK THEY ARE SOMETHING OR WILL BECOME SOMETHING BY OWNING THE PRODUCT.  YOU WILL APPEAL TO A MUCH GREATER AUDIENCE THAT WAY.
  5. @faidantarwahausatv595: Good
  6. @faidantarwahausatv595: Thanks from nigeria
  7. @MrUnbeated: Hi guys, i create an audience but when i try to use it in a new lead ad i'm creating it says no audience available, somebody knows why? Thanks a lot!
  8. @SunjoHebert-ix6uv: so is hyros better than meta pixel?
please i really need clarification because i recommended Meta pixel to my boss for  our performance tracking
  9. @levibartoly2140: Hi Ben, I love your content! I would really appreciate it if you enabled automatic dubbing on YouTube for Brazilian Portuguese. It would definitely help and reach a larger Brazilian community. Best regards!
  10. @brandifymarketingagency: I have questions

if we are going to make funnel inside the one compaign on creative basis.Meta always spend on Bofu,that will optimize for conversions.

how we anlyze the compaigns and track buyer journey.

our funnel that are worked previous like tofu,mofu,bofu didn't work.

what are kPIs in creative based funnel.
as our audience based funnel not work like before after Andromeda.
  11. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Quality
  12. @emma_manley: Love these breakdowns so much but hate to burst your bubble, Ben, but the only thing I’d order out of all those products is the scaffolding! 😂 I want to have a dinner party 30m up in the air too! 😂😂
  13. @abdimohamed3622: Can my Facebook get rejected based on my website having word in it that can potentially be not accepted by Facebook?
  14. @larissabecker1893: love this one, please do it more
  15. @AmmielCORE: Hey Ben, I’ve been watching your videos for a while and really like your approach. I wanted to ask: what conversion objective do you use at each stage of the funnel? Do you always optimize for purchases, or do you change objectives for cold, warm, and hot audiences?
  16. @IncomeProject1: Nice
But when you over 100 different products. Video hardly perform
  17. @MadMikeScriven: Legend.
This type of video shows you really are an expert and can disect ads within seconds, better than most facebook advertisers would if they had a full day.
  18. @KsKai-s6l: Really good content. One small thing I noticed: a bit more contrast and emotion in the thumbnail could boost CTR, and tightening the title around the main keyword could help with search. If you ever want help optimizing thumbnails or video SEO, I’d be happy to help.
  19. @taravgupta: the "does anyone like this" ad is killing me
  20. @huiskees: Hi Ben, question. We have a throw pillow brand with pillows in different colors. Would you suggest a different adset for each colorgroup, because pillows in for example red and green colors are more appealing to a specific target group and pillows in neutral colors to another type of customer. Would love to hear how you see this. Thanks!

- The BEST Facebook Ads Tutorial For Ecommerce in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en If you're trying to learn Facebook ads right now, every tutorial tells you something different and you're sitting there trying to figure out which one's actually right. So, you pick one, you follow it step by step, you spend a few hundred bucks testing, and then nothing happens. Here's the thing. The platform has changed. What worked 2 years ago doesn't work the same way now. So, in this video, I'm going to be walking you through the exact setup that I use after spending millions of dollars on ads. The structure, the creative, the metrics that actually matter step by step. So, let's get into it. All right. So before we build anything, I need to explain something really important because there's a reason why people are following tutorials step by step and still losing money on Facebook ads. And it's not the settings, it's not the budget, it's that the entire game has changed. Back [music] in 2020 to 2021, Facebook ads were all about targeting precision. So you'd stack interest, you build look alikes, you'd get super specific about who you're reaching. So, for example, if you're selling a pet related product, you're going to target people that are interested in [music] pets, pet grooming, dog training, pet food, anything that's correlated to pets. That was the game and it worked. [music] And then iOS 14 hit and Apple basically just said you can't track people across apps anymore unless they opt in. And most people obviously are going to say no. So, overnight, Facebook lost all that data that made all the precision targeting work. Now, here's the part that most people miss. Facebook didn't just give up, they rebuilt the entire algorithm. So instead of tracking people across platforms, the algorithm now learns from what happens when people see your ad. So who engages, who clicks, who converts. That's the data Facebook's using now. Actual behavior on your ads. So when you run an ad and someone buys, Facebook finds people who behave like that person. And this is why interest targeting doesn't really work as well or at least like it used to. Because when you tell Facebook only show this to dog owners, you're limiting it to interest data. That's not really reliable anymore. So with that said, broad targeting just performs better because you're giving the algorithm a lot more room to learn from real sales instead of just outdated guesses really. Now here's what this means practically. So the setup got way simpler. You don't need complex audience stacks or 50 different targeting tests, right? But your creative has to actually connect because if your ad doesn't hook the right people and drive conversions, Facebook really has nothing to learn from. And that's when you get high CPMs, low spend, no sales. So, simple structure, solid creative, and that's really the game. All right, so let's actually get your account set up. And I know this part probably seems boring to you guys, but if you skip steps here, you're going to have problems later that are way harder to fix. So, the first thing that we're going to be doing is creating a business manager. This is really just going to be like the briefcase of our entire operations, and it's going to hold all of our assets, and we're going to be able to advertise from this uh business manager. So you can literally just type in create Facebook business manager and then we're going to scroll down and click meta for business, formerly Facebook for business, which is really just going to be the URL business.fas.com. So once you've logged into your personal Facebook account, we're going to press create a business portfolio. You can just name it like your store name. So your business portfolio name doesn't matter too much. So whatever helps you identify it best, and then of course your name, your last name, and then your business email. So once you are in your business portfolio, the first thing that we want to do is create a Facebook page. So, we'll go to pages. And then after that, you're going to go to add. You're then going to create a new page. And this is really just going to be, you know, the name of your brand. You could put any category. Doesn't really matter too much. And then a bio. You don't have to put either, but you could add this later. Just like that. Next. And then we're going to grant access to our business portfolio to ensure that our business portfolio has access to our Facebook page. And then we press create page. All right. So, our page has been successfully created. Next thing that we want to do is create an ad account. And the ad account itself is going to be the hub where we perform all of our campaigns. So, we're going to press add on the top right. Create a new ad account. And then again, you can name this whatever you'd like. Andy's shop ad account one or whatever helps you best identify this ad account. From there, next. And then we do need to ensure that our business portfolio again has access to this ad account. And we'll create the ad account. All right, that ad account has been created. Add in your payment info. Then we'll press done. So under your ad account, you need to ensure that you have access to this. So we'll go ahead and press assign people. We'll select yourself and then from there, manage ad account. So just press full control, assign. And this will allow you to then have access to this ad account. This is really important and you do not want to forget to do this. Now we'll go back to the pages and do the same thing. We'll select our page, assign people, select the desired users, full control, assign. Now, the last thing that we need to do is go under data sources and we're going to create our pixel. So, the way that we're going to do that is we're going to go to data sources right here, data sets and pixels. And then on the top right, we're going to press add. And I kind of just need to pause for a second to explain the importance of this pixel. You can think of it as like the brain of your website. So, without this, Facebook has no idea if your ads are working. So, every single interaction that you get on your website is going to be tracked as long as we have this pixel properly placed on the back of our website on Shopify. I'm going to show you how to do that in a second. But first, we have to create it. So, you can just name it whatever you like. Andy shop pixel. And then from here, after you've named it, we're just going to press create. And then you want to assign this to the ad account that you just created right here. We'll go next. And then we are pretty much good to go. Let's just ensure that someone has access to this. So we'll go ahead and assign people. Select yourself conversion API system admin and then full control assign. Right. So we've set up everything on the back end for Facebook. Now all we have to do is connect this to our existing Shopify store. And the way to do that is pretty simple. You just go to your Shopify store and then from there go to apps and we're going to find the Facebook and Instagram app. We're going to install. Now we're just going to connect our shop right here. So we're going to go next, connect account. And this is just going to prompt us to log into Facebook. So, we'll confirm our account right here. We'll allow. And then for the business assets, you're going to want to select the Facebook page that we just created. Connect. And then for data sharing, you want to set this to maximum version API. We'll save. And then here, you want to select that pixel that you went ahead and created as well. So, we'll connect it. And then a business details email right here. Contact info. We'll save that. We'll agree. And then we'll submit this for review. And this should really just take a few minutes. But now we've pretty much done everything to ensure that Facebook can now track any interaction that is on our website. So what you can do to go to the extra extent, you can go to Google and then type in Facebook pixel helper and then we'll go to the Chrome extension and then you just have to add it. And then you're going to want to go to your own website and then pull up the Metapixel helper and just start interacting with the page. So you can add to cart, click on certain buttons, and you'll notice that uh these actions should start to trigger and fire. All right. So everything is now connected. We can go in and build the campaign. So I'm going to walk you through exactly what to click, but more importantly, why we are setting it up in this particular way because if you understand the logic, you can adapt this to pretty much any product that you guys want to sell or advertise to. So first things first, we're going to want to get to our ads manager. So if we toggle to the left, we click ads manager. So we'll hit campaigns and this is where all of our campaigns are going to exist for the ad account that we have created. All right. So the first thing that we're going to do is press this green little create button. And then we have different options for campaign objectives. Now for us because we're in the direct to consumer space. We want sales. We want conversion. We want people to buy. We don't want traffic. We don't want leads. We'll go into continue. And here you can just name this campaign whatever is going to help you best identify, you know, what you're selling. So you could put your product test, but we'll just do 001. And then we could just say three ads. All right. So now we need to set our budget. We're going to be using campaign budget optimization, aka CBO, versus the adset budget AB. Now, here's why we're using CBO instead of And the reason being, when we use CBO, Facebook sees all of your adsets and decides which one is performing best. then it's automatically going to shift more money into what is already working or the creative or the ad that is working best. So let's just say that you know you have three different ads that are running. One's getting a cost per purchase of $15, another is $25 and then the last one $40. So without you having to do anything, Facebook is automatically going to put more of the money or more of your daily budget into that $15 cost per purchase ad creative. So you're not, you know, sitting there having to manually distribute the budget yourself. and the algorithm just does it faster and better than you ever could. Now, if we decide to change our budget strategy to an adset budget, what's going to happen is we're going to have the option to then set our budget on the ad level. So, let's just say, for example, we have three different adsets and we set them all at $20. They're going to spend exactly $20 at the end of the day, regardless if, you know, one's doing better or worse. So, I would rather just have the CBO do all the thinking for me and just move the money around in the profitable areas without me having to really micromanage the campaign. So, if we're going to do CBO, you got to do at minimum $50, $50 to $100. We'll just set it at 50. Now, remember, you can always turn this off. It's not going to spend $50 forever. So, after that, we'll just go in next. And then here, you can just name this again whatever is going to help you best identify this ad set. So I generally like to do the countries that I'm targeting. So we can just change this up later based on what we are going to target. So here conversion location we want to change this from message destination to website. And then from there you know we're going to ensure that we're selecting our pixel right here. This is really important. You want to check the number and double check that it's the correct pixel ID. And then for the conversion event we want to select purchases. This is going to be really important. Now, the reason why it's gray right here and not green is because it's a fresh pixel and there hasn't been any data or, you know, website activity that has triggered on our website because we literally just set up the pixel. So, we'll just click purchase. If it says this, do not worry about the warning. And then all this is good. We don't got to touch it. We'll scroll down. Even like schedule, you don't really have to worry. You could set it to like 12:00 a.m., but it really doesn't matter unless you want it to spend on a certain day at a certain time, or if you wanted to give it a full start at the beginning. Now, here, controls. This is where you're going to decide who you're going to be targeting to, who you're going to broadcast the ad to. Now, obviously, if you're going to sell a product that is geared to a specified region, you're going to ensure that you're targeting those countries. To keep it basic, I'm just going to do the United States and Canada. So, we'll do Canada. Make sure to press country and region. If you want to do the UK, if you want to do, you know, Australia, New Zealand, you can add in those countries. We not want to do all English speaking. And that's something that you can play around with later. Just, you know, you're going to have to do research based on your product. Now, the next thing, suggest an audience. So, this is where we can, you know, insert our custom audiences. You guys don't have to worry about that right now because it's a bit more advanced. We could hypothetically create an audience to then exclude past purchases, but most of you guys that are starting don't have any purchases right now, so doesn't really matter. But once you start making sales, you're likely going to want to ensure that you're excluding your past purchases so that you know people that already purchase aren't seeing your ads again. So we don't want the frequency to go above a one ideally. So I like to keep the age range and gender open. When I was first starting, I was like, "Okay, I'm going to hyperarget my audience and only target, you know, 18 to 35 and males because that's what I thought." But let Facebook do all that for you. Just keep it entirely broad. Detailed targeting. If you were selling a pet product, you're going to type in, you know, dog grooming, for example. And this is the interest that you're going to select, right? This seems like the the trivial way to go about this, doesn't it? Seems like, you know, this makes sense. If I'm selling a pet related product, I'm going to go ahead and find people that are interested in pets. But this actually will work against us. So, we're just going to keep everything here open. Really easy. So, all you really have to do is set up who or what countries you're going to target to. And then everything else we're going to keep pretty much open along with the placements. I even like to keep this open. Now that we know exactly who we're targeting, we can go ahead and insert that as the adset name for our own reference. And you could just do something like this. 18 plus women and men, right, for example. Or you could just do something like direct open because we weren't doing any targeting. Doesn't matter too much. All right, so we're almost there. The campaign and the adset level are built. Now, we just need to upload the actual creatives on the ad level. But really quick before we do that, you can follow every single step that I showed you, get the setup completely perfect, and still lose money because that is the easy part. You literally just watch me go through even like 75% of this in what, 5 minutes. Now, where most people struggle is everything after that. So, the optimization, reading the data correctly, knowing when to kill a campaign versus when to scale it, and then testing creatives that actually convert. That is where the experience matters. And that's where we can help you in my mentorship program. You don't have to figure this out by yourself and make a bunch of expensive mistakes because you've got someone that's looking at your actual account with you, telling you what's working, what to change before you waste more budget. Now, if this sounds like this would be useful to you, you can apply below and we'll see if you're a good fit because we are currently doing screenings for new entries right now. Now, this is the ad level. So, this is where we're going to insert our creatives and this is what our audience is going to see. So, the first thing that you want to make sure to do, we can just name this ad 001. And then I generally like to put the first couple words of my text or my headline and we can set this up later or the primary text rather just so I can have some distinction between the ads and also number them. So we'll select our Facebook page that we created earlier which was Andy shop. You can connect your Instagram account as well. That's something that you definitely want to do. And then from here we'll have a manual upload a single image or a video. And then I'm going to add that in right now. And then for the ad setup, we're going to do create ad, manual upload, single image or video. And then you could do a carousel if you want, but we're doing a video for this example. Destination, we're going to do website. And this is where you're going to insert your product page of your website. Make sure that it's your product page or, you know, your collection page. If you're, you know, selling a variety of products, 95% of the time, you're going to put your product page. So find your product page, copy and paste it in here. This is an example andshop.com. And then this is where we're going to insert our ad creative. So setup created video ad. Next. All right. So here we're going to upload our first video creative. I'm going to insert my example right here and open it. Hit next. And so this right here, the primary text is going to be what's displayed to our audience under the video itself. The headline is going to be right above the text. And then the description is going to be right under that. And then here we want to we could just pre-seelelect shop now. generally always want to make that clear to the audience. Now, before we just throw in anything into this primary text, headline, and description, I want to show you guys how to write really good copy with very minimal effort. And you don't really need to guess because there are companies out there that are already spending thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars on what is currently working. So, you can literally see what they're running using the Facebook ad library. Right. So, once we get to the meta ad library, I'll make sure to leave a link for you guys to easily access this below as well. We hit all ads and then we're going to insert a competitor brand that is running ads. So, a good reference that you have for your product specifically. So, in my case, it's going to be this company right here. Going to go to their Facebook page and we're looking for copy that has been working for this company. So, this might not be the best example, but we're looking for ads that have been running for, you know, a decent amount of time. And what we're looking at is the structure of how they go about setting up their This is the primary text right here. And then this is the headline should go right here. And then this is the bio right below it. So this one's been running for about 2 weeks. So you know if a company's running this ad for over 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks plus, then it means that it's clearly working for them because no one's going to run ads for a long period of time to work. So we want to get an idea of what their winning ad copies are. Now here is where AI is going to make our lives really easy cuz we're not just going to copy exactly what they said because that would be plagiarism. We're going to go into Claude. Well, I like Claude. You guys could use Chad GP, whatever you find most useful. And insert this prompt right here. Prompt says, I'm running Facebook ads for. You're going to insert your product. Here are three competitor ads that are performing well. You're going to insert those. You can screenshot them. You could, you know, upload the text. My target customer is blank, right? Three variations of Facebook ad copy following the same structure as these winning ads. So, what I'm going to first do is give it some information about my brand or my competitor brand. You could, you know, copy the product page of what you're selling or your main competitor or you can give it, you know, the URL. Insert it like this. And then even, you know, copy the name. Probably don't want to insert their brand name like that. Brief description. For the description, just going to make this bit easier for me by just screenshotting. Target customer. Let's give it a bunch of info about this product so it can figure out the ICP for me. Ideal customer profile. We're going to go back into here and just going to take the ones that have been running longest. So, should be these three. So, it's going to pick up the general structure and then that is going to be that. Added this give me the primary text, headline, and description just so it doesn't mess up. All right. So, now we have three different variations that use the format and the structure from the main competitor. So, you could probably see the resemblance from these two. So you could insert a bunch of different competitors that, you know, have been running the same product or very similar product just so you have a bit more uh variation. For the sake of this example, I'm just going to go with this without entirely proofreading it. But of course, you're going to want to proofread and ensure that this makes sense and that it actually works. But if you just look at it, getting back to the baseline, it starts at the cellular level. Then it puts all the info about the product. So going to take this primary text right here. Then go here, insert the primary text. And then headline support your cellular energy. It's going to be the headline. And then back to baseline. Or you could put like limited quantity or you know on sale now, something [snorts] like that. Something with urgency. And then of course shop now. So now we're going to take the variation two and then we're going to insert it as another text option. This will be a split test. And then again you could do this as headline option two. Bam. Description. And then we got the last one right here. Same thing. Add a text option. Play around with emojis, but again, try and figure out what format is working best for your competition. Do not need to reinvent the wheel. Just base it off of what is currently working in your space. And just like that, now we have three different primary text options so that Facebook can figure out which one works best along with headlines and description. So, we'll go next. Go done. Let me adjust this back to shop now. All right. So this is the preview of what it looks like with, you know, the primary text, the headline, and the description. This is what your audience is going to see. So this is the first one. We're going to name this. Now I'm going to just pull the first primary text just like this. Then I'm going to insert. This is just what I like to do. You don't have to do it. And then everything here, you don't really have to touch. The next thing that we need to do is press this three little dot icon. We're going to hit duplicate. And we're going to make two copies. And we're going to insert the rest of our creative. So, all I got to do is go to the top. Make sure to remove copy. And then I can name this 02. We'll go to the middle of the page. We'll edit media. And then we're going to change video. And go next. And we're going to upload the next video. Next. Same thing. All good to go. Done. That one's good. And then we're going to go to our third again. Move this. Name this 03. Go to change media video. Next. Insert the last variation. Next. Next. Done. All right. And that's pretty much it. So overview, we have our one campaign that's budgeted at $50. The adset is going to be US and Canada targeting 18 plus entirely open as well as advantage plus placements. And then we have our three different ad creatives. So our three different videos along with the three primary text options right here that we created with AI, three different headline options and three description options all under shop now. So you just have to press review and publish and then it should take you know anywhere from couple hours to a day maximum for it to get approved. And once it gets approved then it's going to start spending and then you guys can start to analyze the data from there. Now another thing I'm going to leave a notion guide in the description with this exact prompt plus a few more variations that you guys can test along with all the resources that we're going over today. It'll be free. Uh you guys can easily access it below. All right. So your campaign is live. Now, here's where most people completely freeze. They open up their ads manager and they see like 40 different columns of numbers and all this jargon and they have no idea what they should actually be looking for, what really matters. So, before you even look at your data, there's one thing that you need to figure out first and that's your break [music] even point. And this is honestly just simple math. So, you take your selling price and you subtract what it costs [music] for you to fulfill the order. So, let's just say that you're selling something for $40. The cost of goods is $15. Your shipping is $3. So, the margin is $22. That means that you can spend up to $22 to get a customer and still break even. So, if you're spending $25 to get a purchase, you're losing money, right? If you're at $18, then you're making what? $4. So, just try and write that number down somewhere. That is what you are comparing everything to. All this data is going to be compared to that. Now, when you open up your ads manager, you need to customize your column so that you're actually looking at the right stuff. Now, to do that, pretty simple. You just go over here to columns performance. So, we're going to go ahead and customize columns. And we want to insert some really important numbers. So, it's going to be your CPC all right here. We'll add in our CTR. We'll add in our CPM, return on ad spend, results, total or cost per purchase, cost per result that's already there. All right. So, this is one of my campaigns that I've been running and I have it all organized for you guys to see what it should look like. We're going to go over each of these one by one. Right. So, your CTR right here. This is your clickthrough rate. Right? So this basically tells you if your hook is working. If people are stopping and clicking when they see your ad. So from your ad to your website. So above 1% you're generally good. You know people are interested. Below 5% after 2 to 3 days of testing your hook is just not landing. So you need to test different creatives. All right. So the next one is your CPC and this is your cost per click. So how much you're paying for each person to click from your ad to your website. So, anything under $2, that's generally pretty good. $2 to $4, that's somewhat normal. And then above like $4, it's just getting too expensive and your creative is not connecting. Your CPM is your cost per,000 impressions. So, this is basically just how much you're paying to broadcast your ad to a,000 people. Now, the normal range is anywhere from $10 to $40. And this one really just fluctuates based on the time of the year or the competition. I honestly wouldn't worry about this one too too much because you know majority of it is out of your control. Now your cost per purchase, your cost per results or your CPA. This one really matters and this is the one you're going to be comparing your break even number. We just went ahead and calculated a little bit ago. So right here is one of my campaigns. I want to show you guys how I'd read this. So you can see this is the campaign level, the adset level, and then the ad level. We're currently at the ad level with all the ads uh visible to you guys. So, for example, if we look at this one right here, this ad has spent $2,373. It has a cost per result of $21.19. And then it has results. So, website purchases 112 website purchases. So, my break even on this product is $28. So, I'm under that clearly, right, by about $7. So, this means that I'm profitable, right? I want to keep this one running. All right. So, this ad right here has spent $57 at a cost per result of $17. So, it's way under, right? This is clearly a winner or not entirely a winner. It still has to spend enough, but it's got, you know, 29 purchases. So, I wouldn't completely declare it a winner, but it just needs to spend more money for me to determine that. But right now, it's at a 2.17 return on ad spend. That means for every dollar that I'm spending on Facebook, I'm getting 2.17 back. So, this is pretty good. All right. So, we look at this one right here. It's only spent $36. It's got one purchase. So, the cost per result is going to be that same amount, $36. Right? Now, the thing with this one is it just hasn't spent enough, right? It's only spent $36 with one purchase. And for this one, I would give it an additional like $75 to $100 for me to determine if this is going to be a winner or loser if I need to cut it or if I can, you know, let it continue to run. So, that's pretty much how you read the data and make these calls. So, if your cost per purchase is under your break even and you spent $150 plus, you are making money. So, you want to, you know, generally let it run. Now, if it's way over your break even and you spent, you know, above $200, you want to kill it. You're going to have to test a new creative. And then if it hasn't spent $100 to $150 yet, don't even touch it. You need to give it more time, like, you know, the two right here. They need a lot more time for us to fully determine if, you know, we should keep these running. So, this is the decision framework. Now, if you guys find an ad that is profitable, don't just scale the budget like crazy overnight. you know, if this is at like a 2.17, don't just like bump the budget from $50 to $300, right? Facebook doesn't like that and it'll start to mess with the learning. Try and do slower increases. You want to give the algorithm time to adjust. Honestly, I like to do around 25% every 2 to 3 days. If it continues to hold. So, after that 2 3 day mark, increase it 25%, from 50 to 62.5 and it's holding, then I might increase it up to like 78 and then, you know, continue to go from there. So, to recap, calculate your break even first. Set up your columns, give the ads anywhere from $150 to $200 through themselves. Then compare the cost per purchase to your break even to make that call. And that's pretty much it. That's how you read the data and how you know what to do. The numbers are here and they're going to tell you everything that you need to know about your ads. Now, look, this gets you through launching and those first few days without making really stupid decisions. There's way more to actually scaling this. So, when to increase the budget, how to read the data week by week, when to launch new campaigns, new creatives, all the stuff that matters once you know that something's working and you're acquiring a ton of data. But for now, you've got what you need to get your first campaign live and to [music] start testing. And with that said, really hope this helped. I will see you guys in the next video. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mayputhkid [8 likes]: Could you please share the prompt? Also great video and valuable insights — thank you!
  2. @YS_Yousef [4 likes]: This was a strong breakdown. had one small idea on the intro that could make the hook land even harder. What’s the best way to reach you directly?
  3. @trackingconsulting [3 likes]: Solid tutorial. One thing many store owners miss is accurate conversion tracking. Pixels alone are not reliable anymore due to iOS and ad blockers. That’s why many brands see inconsistent results. With proper server-side tracking and CAPI setup, you get: More accurate data, Better optimization, and higher ROAS.
  4. @GuaranteedPPC [3 likes]: Product demonstration video Ads are overall the best Ads we have ever run in the ecom space.  People want to see what results your product can deliver, bottom line.
  5. @Gio_web [2 likes]: But why isn't anyone making videos on how to manage campaigns for a multi-product e-commerce site?
  6. @Ende-01 [2 likes]: why does my ad settings section look different than yourrs look different
  7. @elmarsauro3245: Step 1 make sure your FB account is verified
  8. @Orange.Orangeee: Thank you for sharing 🎉
  9. @LamaYuun: I don't understand how you can do a clean test if you let Facebook decide where to spend the budget. If I have to test different desires or different avatars in the testing phase, how do you know if Facebook will only allocate the budget to the best, and the others won't have reached enough budget to label them as good or bad. The problem is that if you do an ABO, you are potentially forcing Facebook to spend and then manually analyze the KPIs, but this could force Facebook to spend on something that doesn't work. There is a need for more quality in these videos. Testing what? What are you testing initially?
  10. @Logan5629-b8v: Hello and thank you! You did mention a NOTION GUIDE that would be available in the description. Could you direct me to where this would be located? 
Thanks
  11. @cemen57vachekin13: Strange, you use usa and Canada cpm 100$+ how did you get 5-10$ cpm , it is not true bro
  12. @Kendrick-22-44: 👏👏👏👏👏👏
  13. @costo8779: do u advice us to go for the agency ad account so we don't waste time with the suspend and payment problems and closure and all that bs? thank you
  14. @Jorge-np3tq: Would be great to see something like this for youtube.
  15. @Eyerelax-e8b: can u say the same about doing the ads on instagram. and youtube
  16. @omaroliveras6181: how long will you start seeing results when publishing your ads?
  17. @QUECHIMBAEMPRENDER: Eres el mejor 😊
  18. @Tanaykothari7: You genuinely share information that is worth thousands of dollars💸 Thank you
  19. @Sayeedmolla-e5y: Brother, please make every video of yours in Bangla like this,ভাই, 💞❤
  20. @carcxmmunity: I’m facing a serious issue: despite getting 40M+ views on YouTube Shorts, 1M+ views on Instagram Reels, and 900+ website visits, I only made 6 sales, have already bought courses, can’t afford more, and genuinely need help.

- 4 Best Facebook Ad Formats in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome back to the channel. My name is Austin Anglehart. I spent over $200 million on meta ads. If I didn't personally spend it, we make ad creatives for direct consumer brands so that they can spend on meta and scale their ads or maintain their scale. Today, I'm going to go through four ad styles that are absolutely crushing right now for all of our brands. If you need ad creatives, click the link below, makewinning ads.com. We'll make the ad creatives for you. If you're spending over $100,000 a month, we can definitely help you scale. So the first one is what we're specializing in very heavily right now is street interviews. We were focusing on this because this is really working very well across the board. You have teams in New York City and LA and it's just great because it captures attention once you're once the consumer is scrolling. It's very unscripted, right? Of course, the questions are scripted. You might have somebody in there that might, you know, give you a better reaction than the others, but it's basically instant social proof. It's real reactions. People want to see what the, you know, the person in the interview, the per the interviewee is going to say. Is it going to be crazy? Going to be a viral moment? Are they going to say something, you know, unhinged and a bit wild? It's also very short form of the answers and of course going to explain the product. So, one could be a taste test. Another one could be a crazy reaction. How much money do you spend in a month? You know, what do you spend on skincare? It could be a bunch of different questions that can, you know, lead into an amazing interview. And those interviews have to be catchy. So, you can't just ask somebody a question. it's boring and you know you move on. It has to be very catchy and engaging for someone to actually want to watch. The question leads these people into their answers. You need good answers and of course it starts with the question. So street interviews are crushing right now and it's just extremely catchy. People are eager to watch what people are going to say. What's the reaction? How does the thing taste? You know, what's a crazy, you know, outlandish answer that they're going to say? Highly suggest testing this style. If you don't want to make it yourself, we have a team that can do it for you. We have a team that can make all these for you. But I'm just explaining, you know, the top styles here that you should definitely test. Number two is the unboxing with voice over. Of course, everything shifted to UGC, but now it's like kind of coming back where an organic, you know, Tik Tok style format is performing very well. So, a simple unboxing with a voice over is working very well right now. No matter what the product is, if it's, you know, a mushroom coffee product, if it's, you know, a supplement, if it's, you know, a piece of clothing that works the best. I've seen pants uh pants products or you know clothing products work very well with unboxing, putting it on, quick cuts works very well with a simple voice over. It works even better if your voiceover has something engaging with it. Oh, I use I wear these pants on every date that I go on or this made me like the Tinder King or something like that to drive people to the comments. This works even better when you're driving comments and engagement. But it does work very well no matter what. like just if it's a simple unboxing, if it's clean, if it's not clean with a, you know, an iPhone with filmed an iPhone, it will still work. It it it, you know, kind of causes the curiosity. So, what what are the unboxing? What does this look like? How is the experience? Shows the product very clearly. It shows exactly what the consumer is going to get, whether it's middleunnel or top of funnel here. It could be bottom of funnel, but you know, if you have an offer on it, it probably will go more towards that. We're going more towards top of funnel. So, people that haven't seen the brand, you're going for, you know, one click, you know, one day click purchase. And, um, they're very easy to make, right? So you can you know shot o overhead shot of the product unbox hands you use metaglasses that works very well and then of course explaining the benefits very clearly to the audience. The third is the reply to comment. Everyone's familiar with this because of Tik Tok. You just see like they point whoops they point to the question you know oh does it really work in every state or you know does it work when I don't have service or does it work whatever the question is. This style works very well. It's very, you know, native to the feed. It's It just feels organic. It feels familiar to the consumer. They're going to stop. Even if no one's ever heard of your brand before. This isn't, excuse me. This isn't just for retargeting. This is for everything, including prospecting. Mainly for prospecting. If you assume if you assume somebody knows your product, you have a higher chance of converting them. It's like it's like when you, you know, meet someone like, "Oh, you just pretend you're best friends." Like you're just the rapport is just like you're you know, you know them. It's just such a smooth enjoyable interaction. The same type of thing with the ads. If you just assume they know a little bit about you. I mean, how how different can your product be, right? Mushroom coffee, there's a bunch of them. You know, you know, a pair of shorts, there's tons of shorts, you know, shampoo. Everyone knows what shampoo. So, just like assume someone knows what it is and then ask a question that maybe separates you from all the competitors, all the other brands in the category. It just starts with some context. It's very relevant immediately and it even just works better when the talent points to it. They explain I keep getting this question and then they explain exactly what they're about to start talking about. And of course you can bury it down multiple different ways. Number four is the three myths about blank. So three myths about skincare, three myths about you know credit cards, three myths about what what pens, notebooks, anything. This applies to anything. You can just Google or type in chat what are three myths three common myths about you know whatever you're selling whatever category three common myths about shampoo oh it dries your hair out oh you need to use this amount of water oh you can't store in the sun whatever and then the the the last myth will be like that's why I switch to you then insert your product this works very well and as explainer shocking educational which is why we do it because it builds a little bit of a you know authority I wrote this in it builds a bit of an authority right so for educating the consumer about why your product, you know, basically butts all these myths or it's, you know, goes against all these myths or that these myths might not even be true at all. Right? So, um, did I just say the same thing? Same thing three different ways. Basically, you're explaining the common misconceptions of your product. So, it's the myth, then you're into the truth. You can also do three truths, you know, three truths about shampoo. It is true that this has happened. It is common misconception that this happens. So don't over explain quick to the point and then go into explainer about your product. This is just you know educational very you know easy for people to understand. But yeah these are four formats that are working very well right now. If you need help making ad creatives for your brand click the link below makewinning ads.com. We'll hop on a call. See if we can improve your ads. I'm sure we can. Uh yeah typically brands spending over $100,000 a month. We can help them scale very quickly. we're delivering on a weekly basis. Every week we deliver you a new round of ad creatives and that's typically what is needed to maintain scale and especially scale. Um, if you have any questions about these ad styles, feel free to comment down below. Ask any, you know, details about these and I'm happy to respond. Thank you so much for watching. I appreciate it.

- 7 Most Profitable Facebook Ad Formats You Should Run In 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Over the last three years, I've been scaling seven to nine figure e-commerce brands with performances like these, these, and these. And while doing this, I've experimented with many, many different ad formats. In this video, I will show you what kind of ad formats are currently performing best, how to execute them, what to pay attention to, and why they are performing. So, number one that I've seen performing for a lot of brands recently are AI mashup videos. This is how it looks like. Essentially, the whole idea is to have some AI clips and mainly a mashup of many different clips. Some are filmed. But the point is that we have an AI voice that's being the narrator. So like not a UGC ad, not a testimonial, but just kind of educational, an explanation ad with an authoritarian AI voice. And then a lot of like these kind of graphics which you can either do with video editing or generate with AI that kind of not only explain the problem but also show the problem visually. And this is also the secret why it works. It is very convincing because it really educates on how the problem works and how the your product can resolve the problem. And in general, an important rule for your ads to be working well is do not tell but always show. And these ads show perfectly. So yeah, this is an ad format that is performing really well. If you have anything that you can explain or need to educate your audience on, this kind of ad format is really perfect to do that. Just quickly for reference so you can also listen how it's supposed to sound, right? So this is like how the AI mashup voice usually sounds. >> You don't have back pain. Your spine's just begging for space. If you've lived [music] with back pain long enough, you >> So yeah, you can generate this kind of voice over with 11 laps or tapd. There are many platforms for that. But basically, you want to generate that and create some AI images plus like use your existing clips to do some mashups. And this is how you can make such an ad. usually [music] works really really well if you have something to explain or something to educate on. Now, format number two, and this has been kind of overused recently, but it still works if you get the fundamentals right. So, number two is basically the classic UGC ad. The way it works is you have just someone using your product, talking about it, filming A- rolls, filming B- rolls, and in the meantime really talking about it. In comparison to the first ad format, the advantage of this one is of course that you have the human touch. You have someone who's actually showing that it works. Now again here also a general rule is you have to show people not just tell because a few years ago UGC appeared and it like became this new trendy ad format and everyone started running it and then it kind of got saturated with people making crazy claims with saying it solve this and that for them. So with UGC it still works. Some people said UGC is dead. It's definitely not. This has been always performing well for us. The only important thing is that you really make it like not not like acting, not like cringey, not exaggerate emotions or like fake acting, but really authentic the way people would react. Not overexaggerated and also not just tell about the benefits, but actually show. So, for example, this girl here is talking about the makeup, but she's also showing it. And and this is really the main thing. She's showing how she's using the products and basically the end result of it. This is the important thing because in the end, yeah, people know it's an ad, people know she's getting paid for this, but at the same time, they see, okay, like if they just compare the before and after and they see the process and there are not even many cuts in between, right? They know it's it's working. So, this is one way to do UGC, you really want to show the transformation and as long as you can kind of prove it with the video material, not just talk about it, it will perform most likely quite well for you if the [music] script is on point. Now the next winning ad format that we have is very similar to this one or kind of originated from the UGC one because over time people would notice okay the UGC ads they are super inauthentic people are just acting the product isn't even that great they just use maybe even some additional products to achieve whatever transformation is uh requested or desired right to just get their brief done so out of that a certain thing resulted in that is kind of the inauthentic UGC fatigue that like super fake UGC would just not perform but at the same time it created like this new kind of ad format which goes to the other extreme not super inauthentic but super authentic and that is the no cut organic testimonial. Let's quickly play it. >> I'm getting older that I'm really fixating on is like my neck and chest aging the same as my face. Um and I feel like so many people worry about all of their serums, creams, and whatnot on their face and then skip out on their neck and their chest. But last January, I actually got my entire neck. And >> so this is the thing. The whole ad goes like this. And you can see there are not even captions. There is not a single cut. This is just a person talking in their wardrobe. Couldn't get more organic, right? So it's a super authentic testimonial of someone just talking. And this usually performs really well, especially if you've seen your UGC's maybe being a bit inauthentic or maybe people not really converting from it or not believing it or some negative comments below your UGC ads because this kind of ad takes it to the next level and makes it even more organic, even more believable, they're not even cut. So if you're even showing something while talking, not just talking, like people know you you can't fake it. It's just true. And this is why this kind of ad format performs really well. Plus, it blends in well into organic content into the organic feed while someone is scrolling on t Instagram or Tik Tok or Facebook and they will probably only like a few seconds in notice that this is not an organic video but an ad. But by that time you had enough time to hook them in to call out the problem. For example, now this girl actually calls out the problem immediately so that people are interested even though like after a few seconds they might notice it's an ad. One of the things as I'm getting older that I'm really fixating on is like my neck and chest. >> So here she just calls out the problem and if someone is resonating with that they will be interested to watch it even if they understand on the way that this is actually an ad. Now ad form number three and this is really really successful with ads that go into identity marketing or brands that sell fashion. So here we have literally just a product image. Here we kind of have well almost the full cycle because in the beginning of Facebook guides people would just run images and it would be profitable just because of the product and now we are kind of partially cycling back to that. So here we have just a lifestyle image and the product and the product sells itself. This again is super organic and works especially well for fashion brands because even in organic posts some people would comment hey where did you get this dress from? Where did you get this hoodie from? Where did you get whatever from? And this plays into that pattern. It just puts the product out and if they like it, they like it. There's not much explanation to do. It's very organic. Again, blends really well into the organic feed. So, people don't feel like it, you know, they they're getting sold. If there would be like a big sales headline and then like 15 words on this, it might be just so overcrowded and people are kind of exhausted from it already that they would just skip it. But like this, they actually take a look at it. Now, this was an extreme example. Actually, you don't have to go that extreme. Usually, what works better is still having some copy on it. Um, and I think this is a good example for it. [music] So, here again we have a lifestyle shot but some copy on it and that is fine too. So, here we have this coffee uh we have a testimonial, we have the logo and a call to action. Still very simple, very organic lifestyle shot plus copy that really resonates and this is the way you can sell. So, basically anything that does not need too much explanation. If your product is kind of self-explanatory from an image or [music] because you are just selling the identity, just have a lifestyle shot and a short testimonial or a short headline like this. And as long as it resonates, as long as the background resonates, well, basically the the whole visual and the headline resonates, that can be one of your best ads. It's really as simple as that. So the only thing to focus on is of course to have this lifestyle shot in an environment that really resonates with people and to have a headline that really resonates or testimonial and that way you can make this kind of ad format really successful for you. Now ad format number four is actually something many people don't like to do but this is exactly why it performs so well. There are not that many founders that are actually comfortable to get on camera and talk publicly and be known for their brand. But this is exactly why the competition of this type of ads is really low. And if you have a legit brand, not just drop shipping, but really selling your own product, branding it, standing for something, then this is really the type of ad you will all you will always want to run. And so far, I'm really yet to see it not performing. So far, it only has been performing. So, here's an example of one. Today we're seeking $750,000 in exchange for 5% of the company. >> I'll give you $750. I want 50 cents in royalties off every unit till I recoup a million dollars. And I want the 5% equity now. >> I I don't think we could take your deal. Kevin, >> we're in our 10th year now and Neurogum has become bigger than Kent and Knight could have ever imagined. We're [music] one of the biggest brands on Tik Tok shop last year. We're one of the top brands on Amazon in our category and we're so proud of this team that we've built. So here you can see we have the founders actually talking. But then also they even combine it with kind of a viral clip because they've been on this show. And after that they built in a lot of credible B-rolls. They're in the warehouse. They are on some kind of presentation. They show their ads in real life, not just on the phone. So they really play here with authority. But there are many different ways of how you can actually do this. You don't need to go live on TV to be able to run this ad. You can literally whatever you do, whatever kind of events you have with your brand, whatever even like your factory is, you can just literally walk through the factory, you can walk through the office, you can talk about it, and then just mix in some B- rolls and kind of make it a brand/founder story. And this really performs super super well, especially if you're someone who has a story to tell. So, this will be something for the eight and nine figure brands. But if you have something that has already a name or if you have a story, just tell it and it will usually perform super well. The hit rate on those ads is super high because there are not many people that actually can run this type of ads. Most people are just drop shippers. So, next up, number five, we have absurd AI ads. And the important part here is absurd because there are a lot of new AI tools out [music] and people are generating static images. They are generating videos. They are generating lots of different things even like UGC ads which I by the way really don't recommend. Don't generate UGC ads. If you have someone talking about how this cream like fixed their acne or their skin and people see it's an AI avatar, they will be like, "What's going on? This is obviously so fake." they will hate it because that is kind of misusing AI. For the UGC videos, it's really important that you have a real person talking about real experience and people know it's real. You can't really fake it. AI isn't really that good yet. Maybe at some point, but even then, it's better to use a real person because kind of the energy and the emotion just convey through the video. But what you can do with AI is making it obvious that it's AI. [music] So, here's an example of this. >> Oh, yeah. >> Hear me out. >> Okay. >> Bully bunches, right? [music] Yeah, >> classic size. >> Got the mega jumbo. >> But [music] like if you don't chew the monster, bro, like do you do you even chew, bro? >> Totally, bro. >> So, you can see it's a podcast with dogs and obviously this is AI generated, but it performs really well because well, people have never seen before a podcast where dogs talk to each other. And that is kind of the point. AI is very strong not because it enables you to fake authentic content, but because you can create with it things that usually were not ever created. People are not used to see this. They are being entertained watching this. Even if you know it's an ad, you would just watch it and think, okay, what kind of thing is that? And then towards the end, they've already heard all the copy and all the things they needed to hear to convert and to buy from you. So this is why it works just so well. By the way, you can do also the same with static images. So basically generating some absurd static image where people can tell it is AI but it's so absurd and entertaining that people are still curious to click and see who actually the advertiser is and what they're actually selling. Now the next ad format is something that got mainly replaced by the UGC videos but now the trend is that UGC videos are again like getting less effective unless they're really authentic and really believable. And now the trend is going back more to videos with text overlay without any voice. Here's one example. So here we have just the product, some copy and of course again in relatable relevant environments. This is really strong for identity marketing. But basically here we just have the product and the offer. Short video with some text overlay. Here's an ad from Tinder that's actually working for like a few months now. Here also the same thing. We have just some short clip together with a headline and that's it. [music] And then we have just some trendy music overlay. So this is how this kind of ad works. And here another one of these that is more in the testimonial style but still just B- rolls with text over. [music and singing] I switch to town. But what do I know? Spend a nice [music] hiking. Where will I go? I could fly home with my eyes closed. But >> so this works also really well because again, social media got flooded for a while with inauthentic UGC videos. And now people are just tiring of being talked to by some noisy person whenever they scroll. And now they appreciate just music with some text overlay. Here's another example that kind of goes into the extreme and just shows [music] times. Now, if you've watched to this point, I'll add on another bonus ad format that performs really, really well, just needs some skill in copyrightiting. So, that is the long form WSL. You can see this video is around 3 and 1/2 minutes, but this also takes like the AI mashup education approach just conveyed by a human. Usually works better on an older audience. >> Many women think heavy legs and swelling are only normal aging. But this is not just genetics or only getting old. It is what I call bad electrical circulation. in hospital many vascular surgeons will say >> so you see the point we won't watch the whole thing but essentially it really starts problem aware or maybe even unaware and then it slowly leads up to what the problem is and what an alternative solution is so in the end they are selling grounding mats but you can see they can't just start immediately talking about grounding mats but this is like a guy who tells you that he has studied medicine at Beijing University and they have this traditional Chinese medicine and it works so well because of this and that and explains everything and then at the end they pitch the product. So this is how you can lead someone from oh they're only product bloom aware and don't even really know what's going on or maybe even unaware and lead that to someone who will actually buy from you. Now these are the adforms that I see a lot of success with recently. If you want someone to help you with your creative strategy and help you actually create these kind of ads and scale your brand click the first link in the description because this is exactly what I do. else. Check out also this video where I don't talk about ad creative but actually talk about how you can take these and how you can run it to get it delivered to the right people and how you can manage your ad account to scale. Keep scaling. Bye.

- Copy this lazy ad format that PRINTS (Facebook Ads 2026 Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en What is the lazy ad format that prints, if you can get it right? That is the order packing video. The order packing video is generally speaking a more raw, authentic style of ad format with more minimal editing. It's not usually as professionally edited. It's more raw, authentic. It feels more personable. And if executed correctly, it can be very powerful. So, the key with these ads is you almost want to camouflage these ads as a piece of content. You may have seen brands like Elijah's Hot Sauce, for example, who run these order packing videos. And they can be very effective in both ways. So, if you have a shop, you got a warehouse, and you're able to make order packing videos, it doesn't matter if you have an iPhone camera. You don't need a fancy setup to try this ad format. You don't need to go hire a bunch of content creators. You can do it in-house. And if you get it right, it can work very well. So, step one really is you have to nail the hook. So, the key with the hook of a good order packing video from what I've seen is you want to frame the hook correctly. If you can frame the hook as if it is their order, and you were packing that specific customer's order, that subconsciously in their mind makes them view that order that they are seeing as if it is their own. How do you frame a hook as if it is their order? Let's pack your order today, my friend. You see what I did there? Let's pack your order today, my friend. Not let's pack this order. Let's pack your order today, my friend. Or you could say my man, or my my lady, my you know, whatever you want to say. Pick some term at the end that feels personable to your target customer, who you're trying to target. If it was women, it could be something like girly. Something that feels personable. It feels authentic to that type of customer. So, from there, what are we doing? So, in this opening hook, the key to to nailing the hook is you have to nail the script, and you also have to nail the visual that's being used. Different things you can test for the visual could be showing the product in your hand, filming, you know, taking your phone and doing it as in selfie mode. And maybe you're showing the problem visually. So, let's say for example, the problem may be some brand of soap that's nasty and it smells bad, or whatever the case is. If you could somehow visually show this nasty soap in your hand, being thrown into the garbage, for example. What it What that's doing there, once again, is subconscious, right? You're subconsciously taking the thing that is the problem, and you're throwing it away, right? As if in their mind, you're about to pack their order, right? But you're taking the problem, and you're getting rid of the problem simultaneously. So, then from there, what I typically do is I show the product next. So, once again, we are not selling yet. We are starting with a hook where we are telling them that we're going to pack their order. We're showing a visual that would resonate with the type of person we want to attract. And then we're talking about the product. And typically, the product would be the product that they would typically order. Maybe you have, for example, a hunting brand, and you're selling a hunting product. And maybe the camo version of this is the most popular. So, maybe for instance, you show the camo version in that hook where there's you're starting to pack this order, and there's camo right in the center. That could be something you test. And from there, maybe there's an add-on that goes with this hunting product. So, maybe you sell some kind of vest, or whatever, to go with this hunting product, and you throw that in for free, or you mention that they also ordered that as well. So, once again, subconsciously, you're trying to condition them to get that add-on as well, if that is the goal. So, if you have three different options, for example, for an add-on. Let's say you've got um one that's $20, one that's $50, and one that's $100. Maybe you pick the 50 or $100 one if you want them to have a higher average order value, for example, and take that add-on. So, that could be another thing. And then from there, what are you doing next? This then, at this point, after you have shown them a hook that doesn't feel like an ad in an engaging way, you know, this whole ad should be raw, authentic, personable. It should feel almost like a TikTok. And we're starting off with a hook that feels raw, authentic, and personable. We're showing a visual of some kind that would resonate with that customer and try to filter out the type of customers who wouldn't buy, almost. Then from there, we're showing the product. Then from there, we're starting to kind of gradually sell the product, but not too much. We want to sell the product a little bit, but not not too much at the same time. So, we're starting to introduce some of the upgrades this product can improve your life. So, with this specific type of ad, what I typically have found to work really well is we're focusing more on the improvements, the lifestyle upgrades, the ways that this product makes your life better, right? They They finally got rid of whatever this is, whatever this problem is. They're finally getting rid of it, and now their life is so much better. But you do it in a way that's also not too salesy, okay? So, we don't want it to feel like an ad. You want it to feel like a piece of content that's almost disguised. It's It's a camouflage piece of content. It's starting off as a piece of content that would resonate with that target customer. And then from there, you're slowly and gradually introducing the product. You're starting to gradually introduce the main selling points. And then from there, you're starting to introduce why they should trust you. So, maybe that's why 100,000 customers have trusted us, or whatever the case is. 50,000 customers, 100,000. And you're showing them visuals, also, of the customers using the product, enjoying the product, whatever the case is. Then from there, also, at the end, we want to include, ideally, some kind of risk reversal. So, if you don't like it, for example, you get your money back. Uh 90-day money-back guarantee. That means if it, you know, messes up, if it breaks, if it if the product doesn't work as as expected and as advertised, we'll send you your money back. Only say that, of course, if it's true. You don't want to get yourself shut down. So, you don't want to include a risk reversal that is not true, okay? Just stating that out there. Seems pretty obvious, but want to make sure you guys don't uh get in trouble with the FTC or anything like that. So, if you found this video helpful, go try the order packing video. Give it a few tries. See if you can get the script right, because if you can, it can be a very powerful ad. Now, as far as editing goes, do you have to hire an editor to do this ad? You can. And if you do, what I recommend is you make sure you tell them that it shouldn't feel polished. It should feel raw and authentic, almost like a TikTok, right? It should feel faster with the pacing, more engaging. And any cut should be intentional. So, if you're cutting away from the actual warehouse, or whatever it may be, that you're showing, the cut should be intentional. It should be adding value, if that makes sense. So, but do you have to? Do you have to go hire an editor? No, not necessarily. You can edit these on your iPhone, if you wanted. If this video was helpful at all, leave a like. Comment below what you want to see next, what you want me to talk about. And if you were running ads, comment your brand down below. And let me review your ads. So, that's all I've got for this one.

- Turning Clicks into Sales: How Ads Influence the Amazon Customer's Buying Process: Kind: captions Language: en foreign that Amazon buying journey is the foundation for successful advertising on the platform let's take a step-by-step look at what happens from the moment a shopper enters Amazon to the point they make a purchase and how your ads play a role in this process [Music] first a shopper goes to Amazon and begins their shopping experience by entering something they're looking for into the search bar this is the search term the exact words the customer typed into the Amazon search bar The Shopper is then taken to a page filled with products relevant to that term known as the search results page think of it like a virtual shopping aisle where the top shelf products are at eye level and nobody really looks at the bottom shelf these results or product listings offer a short preview of each product including an image rating and title Amazon ranks these listings based on various factors analyzing billions of data points like the products historical sales or the customer's previous interactions generally products that Amazon deems more likely to be purchased are placed near to the top of the page why because Shoppers click on the products at the top of the page far far more frequently than those at the bottom or on subsequent Pages once the Shopper sees a product that they like they click on the listing to learn more about the product and they land on the product detail page this is the product's landing page that contains all the detailed information about that particular product including the buttons to buy the product the product detail page includes product images descriptions customer reviews model numbers pricing this is the page The Shopper learns more about the product reads reviews and decides ultimately whether to buy it or not here our mystery shopper adds a product to their cart finalizes their shipping and payment information and places the order this completes our Amazon customers shopping Journey our Shopper goes to Amazon and types of search term into the search bar they're taken to a search results page of relevant product listings to their search The Shopper clicks on a listing that catches their attention and lands on the product detail page The Shopper reads the product description and reviews adds it to their cart and completes their order now that we've understood the general buying Journey let's see how advertising fits into this picture just as before a shopper types in a search term and is taken to a search results page and of all these product listings many are ads also known as paid listings the listings at RS are called organic listings they show up naturally with Amazon's ranking algorithm no artificial ingredients or paid shortcuts the farmers market of Amazon if you will paid listings are ranked similarly to organic listings but with an additional key factor the amount The Advertiser is willing to pay to appear on the page in the blink of an eye as the search results page loads an entire auction unfolds similar to the fast-paced bidding at an art auction Amazon uses a bid you set for your ad to determine where your ad ranks in this auction well sort of but we'll cover bidding mechanics in more detail in a later video an impression is counted each time your ad appears on a search results page even if it's at the bottom of the page and the Shopper doesn't scroll to where they can actually see it if the ad was rendered on the search results page it's still counted as an impression in your ad console up until this point none of the advertisers on the search results page have paid any money for the ass to DC the advertisers have only said what they're willing to pay if someone clicks on their ad this is because Amazon uses a pay-per-click or PPC model for their ads in PPC advertising advertisers are only charged when someone clicks on their ad it's like a free billboard that only charges you when it works there's other advertising models that exist but Amazon almost exclusively uses the pay-per-click model for their advertising with only a couple exceptions so we're only going to focus on pay-per-click or the PPC model in this series let's get back to our Shopper they land on the search results page filled with both pay in it and organic listings the listing that catches their eye is a small sponsored label above it and they click on it now we're getting into some significant metrics this is when Amazon charges you for the clicks triggering that click to be added to your clicks metric and side the ad console and the click costs to be added to the ad spend column the metric that shows a percentage of Shoppers that clicked on your ad after seeing it is known as the click-through rate or CTR it's calculated by dividing the total clicks by the total Impressions and multiplying by 100 to get the percent the click-through rate can be a useful metric to gauge how well your ad is standing out from the competition a high click-through rate means your ad is attracting a lot of attention and enticing Shoppers to click to learn more about your product while lower click-through rate might mean it needs some optimization such as a better product image or a different title or even more reviews after the click we know the drill they land on the product detail page and possibly buy the product if they buy the product this is known as a conversion they converted from a shopper to a buyer the percentage of clicks that result in a conversion is known as the conversion rate a crucially important metric when it comes to Amazon bidding with the purchase an order is attributed to the ad and the ad console and the revenue from the sales adds to the sales column for that ad if these terms seem overwhelming don't worry this introduction is just the beginning and we'll cover them in more detail later with their new product on the way our Shopper has completed the Amazon buying Journey like a modern day fairy tale with a happy ending from both The Shopper and The Advertiser with this understanding of an Amazon buying journey and how it relates to your advertising you've grasped the essentials as we progress we'll explore the more complex aspects of Amazon bidding stay tuned for the next video in the series to continue building on what you've learned see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @comments9065 [1 likes]: Thanks a lot
  2. @mstaphaapep2643 [1 likes]: I make ads but its very negative without profit with some sell so I want to know if merch jar can help me make sell with profit and with good budget.
  3. @liwang8321: Thank you for sharing this is extremely helpful! Thank you very much.

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @TheGuineaPigClub21: Good content!
  3. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  4. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  5. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  6. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  7. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  8. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  9. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  10. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  11. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  13. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  14. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  16. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  17. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  18. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  19. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  20. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,

- Influence Your Customers Purchasing Decision with this Video: Kind: captions Language: en after every alternative has been evaluated consumers take the next step with their decision to make a purchase or not find out why your brand needs decision videos right now hey everyone what is going on i'm eddie garrison and welcome to another video if this is your first time here and you want to learn how to master your social media marketing start now by subscribing and clicking the bell so you don't miss anything in the previous two videos of this series we've covered the first two initial stages of a customer's journey with awareness and consideration videos the next and typically final step of a consumer's buying process is the decision stage so in this video we'll be talking about what you should use in your decision videos at this point in the journey a buyer has decided on a solution category they have a strategy in place to address their pain point but are still deciding on a specific tool to purchase or vendor to work with a buyer may spend significant time researching documenting gathering data vendor reviews and other materials to gain confidence in their decision content offers at this stage may include things like vendor or product comparisons case studies and maybe even free trials key terms to include in your decision videos will be compare pros and cons review and test these align with the decision making process and position your content as a resource not a hard sales pitch understanding the buying process that your customers go through is critical for any marketer however over complicating your content is a mistake that i see a lot of brands making what you have to do is put yourself in the position of the consumer you want to speak to and ask yourself if the content is truly a resource or if it's a hard sales pitch if your content doesn't offer value and help them reach a potential resolution meaning their overall decision you're putting yourself in a difficult position to succeed remember the main goal of the buyer's journey is to take advantage of a more customer-focused philosophy to better position your brand for addressing the needs of your target audience to learn even more about mastering your social media marketing make sure to subscribe thank you so much for watching and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @EddieGarrison: What are your questions when it comes to filming Decision Videos for your brand? Let me know in the comments below!

- 5 Model answers: Do you think advertising influences what people buy?: Kind: captions Language: en speaking part three advertisement do you think advertising influences what people buy below B Force answer yes advertising makes people want to buy things they show nice pictures and says good things about the stuff they want us to buy then we see these ads we think we need those things so we buy them that's how advertising Works do you think advertising influences what people buy band four plus answer yes advertising can influence what people buy when companies advertise their products they try to make them look appealing and attractive these advertisements are everywhere like on TV the internet and billboards they make people interested in buying certain things by showing how good they are so advertising can really affect what people choose to buy do you buy Ben five plus answer yes advertising definitely affects what people buy companies spend a lot of money on on Advertising to persuade us to purchase their products they use catchy slogans beautiful im images and famous people to convince us that their products are the best for example when we see a commercial for a new phone it might make us want to buy it because it looks so cool in the ad so advertising is a big influence on our buying decision do you think advertising influences what people buy B 6 Plus answer advertising plays a significant role in influencing consumers behavior and shaping what people buy through various mediums such as television social media and billboards companies strategically craft advertisement to capture attention and persuade consumers to purchase their products or Services these advertisements often employ persuasive techniques such as appealing visual sketchy slogans and endorsements from celebrities or influencers to create a desire for the advertised items as a result people may feel compelled to buy products they see advertised even if they didn't initially tend to make the P purch additionally advertising can influence consumers perceptions of brand value and quality further impacting their buying decisions overall advertising as a powerful influence on consumer behavior and significantly contributes to the products people choose to buy do you think advertising influences what people buy band 8 plus answer advertising has a considerable impact on what people buy it's all around us from TV commercials to social media ads constantly nudging us towards certain products or Brands advertisers are experts at getting into our heads using an emotional appeal catchy jingles and appealing visuals to persuade us to make purchases think about it when you see a beautiful shot ad for a new smartphone or a mouthwatering commercial for fast food chain it's hard to feel not stted these ads create a desire for the products they show showcase even even if we didn't realize we wanted them before advertising doesn't just sell products it sells Lifestyles and values through clever stories telling and imaginary and imager ads associate their products with certain emotions or aspirations for instance a luxury car ad might not just talk about horsepower it might paint a picture of Adventure status and success making us associate those feelings with the car and prompting us to buy it advertising also plays a role in shaping social norms and perceptions by presenting certain ideal and standards ads influence what we consider desirable or acceptable whether it's a beautiful Beauty standard or lifestyle choices ads can subtly shape our beliefs and influence our P purchasing decisions overall advertising has a powerful influence on consumer Behavior shaping what what we buy and even how we see the world around us as consumers it's essential to be aware of these influences and make choices that align with our values and needs for more out speaking questions and answers have a look at our YouTube channel ALS assistance why not subscribe to our Channel and get regular new speaking videos or other ALS videos or give us a like as it really helps spreading the great ALS resources to other students you can also find the alss videos as well as the written scripts of the answers on the website alss assistance. co.uk or for more ALS resources and ALS practice go to our website ALS assistance. UK where you can also book El classes or get help with your writing and speaking you can also have a look at our social media accounts for more info tips and tricks to help you with a so good luck with your Arts exam and if you need any help just write me a comment direct message me or mail me and I'll help you out good luck

- How to Create Facebook Ads That Convert Like CRAZY: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads are an incredible way to grow your business and in today's video we're going to be covering how to structure High converting Facebook ads so that way you can get more sales with your business we're going to be jumping right into it and here we are inside of our Facebook ads manager I'm not going to be covering targeting or setting up a campaign today we're just going to be strictly covering how to create a high converting Facebook ad but if you want to see my other videos on Facebook ad targeting you can definitely check those out here so let's go ahead and get into it here we are on the ad level and the first thing we're going to do is use an example from muddy bites this is a brand that sells a product that you can actually eat and it's little muddy bites which is the bottom of a wafer snack and so we're going to go ahead and find a creative on this store that we can leverage inside of our Facebook ads we'll go through some of these examples and see if we can find one that makes sense for running so here's an example we have GMO free we have kosher certified and then we have people food Awards 20 23 so we're going to go ahead and actually save this image and use this as an example for our Facebook ad creative and the product Center focused we can clearly see what they're selling we're going to leverage this inside of our Facebook ad example one of the first things we're going to do is hit manual upload we'll choose single image and we can use a video Carousel or collection but we're first going to start with our Facebook ad format that is a image based creative we're going to use this image we took directly from the site and this is good because whenever we send people to the site they're going to see this exact same image which will will let them know they're in the same place we're going to choose original or 1ex one on this creative and what we're going to do is because we want to leverage this in the stories and reals placement we're going to go to canva and actually update this creative so here we are we're placing the creative inside of canva so that way we can use it and then we're just going to go ahead and fill in the rest of this background so it's perfect sizing and a 1080 x 1080 placement is able to fit in a lot of different places on Facebook and what we're going to do in addition to this is we're actually going to go to resize in Magic switch and we're going to do see all and we're we're going to go to Instagram and we're going to choose Instagram story and then we're going to hit continue and we're going to copy and resize this design so now we have our Instagram story placement and what we can do is actually add in a specific call out here by leveraging this additional white space so there's space above and below the product and we can actually put in the product title here and then we can start to adjust how this will look and then we can go ahead and download this PNG and then we can also download our 1080x 1080 to adjust this as well and we'll go back to our Facebook ads manager we'll go ahead and upload the exact size formats so that way we can fit in more placements this is really good because this will allow us to show up in the exact format necessary and is going to help us get more reach and allow us to get better conversions so we've added in the exact size requirement here we're going to go ahead and replace this one as well with our updated 9x6 format and then we can choose original on this placement and here we go we have these formats now there are a few things we can do here with optimizations which can definitely help with your Facebook ads you have your original creative which which will just show standard but then we have relevant comments a great way to turn on and get people to the most relevant comment meaning if somebody purchases this product and then leaves a comment saying I absolutely love this it's going to show that comment first to other people who see this ad and that can increase your conversion rates and definitely provide a much better experience and drive a higher overall purchase return on ad spin then we have music if you're just using a simple image Facebook will choose the best music to Overlay this can help on the reals placement when people are scrolling through their feeds they usually have audio turned on so whenever they get to your ad it will have some music which will help them go with the flow you know actually staying engaged on the creative whereas if the sound stops they might just swipe and you know continue on then we have our image template which will show our headline and it'll match some of the branding colors that we use in the product we have visual touchups which can help brighten up the image if necessary text improvements are turned on so that way we can find the best variation and we don't necessarily need a 3D format here because it kind of messes up our Texs it's not necessary so we're going to leave that off and then we could add our catalog items below this is a great recommendation if you have the catalog connected and when we have expand image we don't need to because it's already pretty zoomed in in this case so we're going to go ahead and hit done and these are things that have been proven to increase conversion rates so definitely recommended to have them then as we scroll down we can start to add in our primary text so one of the easiest ways to develop your primary text is by going to your website and just choosing some of the information that you already share and this is actually a pretty good example right here the best part of a Sunday cone now available as a bite size size snack so we can go ahead and add that as a variation so here we have our Simple Text added in a ice cream emoji and this is pretty straightforward and this is just going to be our first primary text example now we can have up to five primary text and I definitely recommend doing that because you can find the best ad copy format that is going to convert so we're going to go ahead and add an additional text option we'll go back to the website and we're going to pull in our next format and the next one's going to be a reviewbased copy because this is coming from a customer's perspective and can definitely help with your conversions as well so let's go to the reviews and find one these are pretty simple reviews we want to find something that really highlights the flavor or calls out the main benefits here we go this one's perfect so we can go ahead and take this add copy format and I'm actually going to remove this portion here because this is going to simplify our text make it much more easy to just digest and read I usually end up eating the whole bag in one serving they're addictive now this is actually a really smart review to have as a ad copy because then other people might end up feeling the same way and if they go through the our bag what's the next step they're going to buy more so this is going to increase our returning customer rate which is amazing then we're going to go ahead and go back to emojipedia we're going to type in Star we're going to grab our five star review and we're going to have one of our headlines as we're going to put verified review here and then add in our five stars and then we can go ahead and add in an additional text option so we'll go back to the website and we'll just take the description very straightforward once again we're not overthinking the ad copy it makes sense it's on the website we know it converts so we're just going to use it again on our Facebook add because it just reinforces what we're selling crunchy chocolate cone filled with creamy white chocolate that will remind you of your favorite nostalgic flavor combo cookies and cream that's perfect so we're going to have that add copy here and then we're going to go ahead and make a final variation we're going to do ways to eat muddy bites we're going to use a delicious emoji and then we're going to call out the exact steps eat them one by one put them on ice cream because now we're giving our potential customers ideas on how they can use our product and combine them in creative ways to enjoy it and even giving them an idea to share them and buy them for other people we're going to add these as bullet points to make this simple and then we'll have a call to action which is just going to be shopped now and then just to fill in our final text we'll find one more call out so we'll probably go to the homepage and here we go we have some more call outs tastes just like when you're a kid only better this is going to be for the people who remember eating ice cream and always loving the bottom portion of the cone and we'll have another set of bullet points here and then we can add some additional emojis like the checkbox you can see how quickly we put together this ad already we're not overthinking this we're keeping it very simple we're just taking what is already proven and what we already have adding it as ADD copy and now we can start on our headlines so one of the headlines can be 5800 plus five star reviews another headline can be the actual product name so if we go back to our product cookies and cream and we'll use muddy bites as just our brand name awardwinning flavor that's another good one and then one final call out and we'll say bite-sized wafer and then for our description we'll say free shipping as a call out because we offer free shipping and then we're going to go ahead and choose our call to action in this case it's going to be Sho now and so you can really see how we're leveraging every potential placement possible from the creative to the headline to the actual primary text and description because we want to maximize the total number of variations to see which ad creative and copy variation is going to drive the most conversion so that way we can use our test and learn strategy going forward to continuously optimize and get a better result for ourselves and then a lot of people miss out on the info labels it's one of the most powerful ways to increase your sales you can have additional real estate and what I mean by that is it'll make your ad bigger you can add more call outs make it much easier for people to make a buying decision a lot of their objectives are around how long it takes to ship is the shipping free do you offer multiple payment options is there refund policy if I don't like the product what are the guarantees this is where you can add info labels so we'll say free shipping and we might already offer free shipping 100% so we don't necessarily have to say it's over a certain price but if yours is over $50 or $100 you just type that in then we can add in our shipping time frame so it might take us only 3 days to ship then we can do another info label which is our return policy and we can say are returns free yes and then returns are accepted within 30 days then another info label which might be our payment options what do we offer as a payment option you can see exactly how many payment options that you offer on your shop by store you should have that information for your business you know you might offer shop pay PayPal Google pay these are all things that that you want to mention here we'll go ahead and say afterpay Apple pay Google pay PayPal and mention those so now we can go ahead and look at some of these additional info labels which are business information now if you joined Instagram a long time ago this could be a relevant one to show and could give more validation that your business has been around for a while so you might keep that option if you don't have a store location then you need to uncheck this box because it doesn't make sense to be shown on your ad store price range if you don't have a store don't show it location don't show it if you don't have it social cues if you have a lot of Instagram followers and what I mean by that is over 10,000 definitely make sure to have this box checked because it gives more social proof when somebody sees your Facebook ad it says over 150,000 people follow this page or like this page that is going to tell other people that you know people are interested in what you're offering so it can definitely help page check-ins once again no location page follows great page likes message response time if you have automations or if you respond to every message if you're fast with it if your team is on this and keep it on page ratings if you have multiple festar reviews leave it if not uncheck it and so we'll go ahead and use these options here because these info labels make the most sense for us and as you can see it'll actually show these on your ad and then we'll hit done and then if we have a promo code this is a great way to highlight your promo code automatically Source codes from your website if you have a 10% firsttime offer or a free ship coupon Facebook will go ahead and find it on your site and automatically offer it to somebody where they can claim that coupon code that way they don't have to type it in when they check out or you can manually add the code where it's first 10 which means first 10% off and this will show on your ad this is a great way to incen iies new customers especially if you know you have a high returning customer rate you can get more people to buy your product then we're going to go ahead and send people directly to our page so we'll click on the exact flavor that we were just doing which was the cookies and cream we'll copy this link paste it here because it's going to dynamically show that for us next we can go ahead and add in our URL parameters from surge if you haven't signed up for surge you can get a free 21-day trial you'll get add recommendations email recommendations Shopify AI recommendations and everything you need to essentially optimize your storage is beyond your ads and it also provides you a way to track your analytics and return an ad spin from your performance dashboard so we simply just go to settings inside of Surge and grab our tracking script so that way we can measure additional purchases that Facebook may or may not miss we'll go to manual and we'll go ahead and access utss we'll copy this and we'll place it in our URL parameter section so now that we have this we have our ad built out we've leveraged not only different headlines different copy different placements but we have a full ad built out and typically I recommend choosing one of your primary text and just adding in in as the ad name so that way you have it here and can use this to know and identify which ad format this is and so we have our first ad variation and we can go ahead and look at Advanced preview and see how this shows up you'll start to notice that it's pretty Dynamic it shows a lot of different angles here we have you know this first one which is our Facebook feed ad we have one where it shows the 500 plus five star reviews we have our Instagram placement we have movement on this Instagram feed video we have our actual Instagram story and then as we go down you can see all the other placements and how will show up the text fits perfectly on the reals placement we're really just scanning to look if we missed anything and making sure everything looks perfect for our ad formats once again it does and we have all of our optimizations turned on that we're going to leverage and so now we can go ahead and publish this format The Next Step would be duplicating this and adding in additional variations I always recommend up to five formats because you can get a lot of testing done you can do a carousel of all your different flavors or different products you can do a collection which shows your product and then the actual catalog below you can do an actual video which is great especially with Instagram reals being a heavy placement that people are visiting and on Instagram stories and Facebook Stories you can show up in that placement more frequently with a 9 x16 video so definitely make sure to leverage that and then if you have a partnership where you have another Creator post for you you can activate this and use their page to run ads from that's another great way to leverage Facebook ads so I would go ahead and build out the five ad creative formats build out your primary text your headlines and description and enable all the information that makes the most sense for your business because it's going to help you get more conversions and if you're interested in learning more strategies like this I highly recommend to subscribe to my YouTube channel Chase Chapel so that way you can see more videos every Friday when we release them covering Facebook Tik Tok email organic strategies to get more sales for your business and if you want to take it to the next step and generate an additional 100K per month then I highly recommend checking out our one-on-one ads mastery mentorship we've completely revamped it and are releasing new modules every week into this curriculum where we can help you go through the exact process of how to take your store to multiple six figures per month covering everything you need around your ads in a one-on-one environment where we're directly working with you and coaching you through the process so go ahead and book a call if that sounds like something that makes sense for you once again it's your favorite digital marketer here at Chase Chapel cheers and bye all

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChaseChappell [5 likes]: Learn the one 'HACK' that can 3x your Facebook ad results, in this next video: https://youtu.be/zc80uQMYzFo?si=ZQFcnM89GdoJNw9M
  2. @HristoAtanasov-e5w [2 likes]: This explained exactly why my past ads weren’t working — now I know what to fix.
  3. @Jani-l5m [1 likes]: Be carful if you choose to use music for the ads. Meta shows it as an option but i almost got fined because the music meta is giving you is lisenced.
  4. @missgrimbi [1 likes]: why don't I have the same options when uploading an image. I can't crop it and make reel format to help not having weird cropping while running an ad.

Thanks :)
  5. @karlcardozatv: Ok so yeah i am totally overthing my ads. Thanks chase. really appreciate it. have a blessed day ahead mate
  6. @nufero: The first time Im watched an efficient video actually explaining wth all these options mean. Thanks a bunch!!
  7. @Artosadventure: Anyone else get lots of spam people trying to sell you stuff when you post an FBook add tho? Any advice 
Is google better to advertise on?
  8. @TomaszKowalczyk-n8y: This video basically just decoded the clickbait matrix — and I’m here for it. Time to make ads people can’t not click. 🔥🧠
  9. @skyhighgaminguk: You don't show how to get to the actual ads part of Facebook to start creating the ad!?!?
  10. @zoops3: What i'm trying to figure out is should I make a fb page just for my business or do this all through my normal page? Does it separate them, does it matter?
  11. @Blair-x9i: Thank you so much for this video. It was very interesting.
  12. @AnastasiaDavis-x3v: It was very instructive
  13. @CindyArdon-u5p: It was very instructive
  14. @oliufo44: whats
 this page cold ????
  15. @brianedwardsu7404: So we still need to attach this to GTM even if we do not run Google Ads , just Facebook ads? This is the URL or UTM code. Please advise.
  16. @BreezinBreeze: Hi! Thanks for the video. When I start a new campaign, for any reason, it’s not showing the option to choose the conversion location (which I should select “website”) and it’s not showing the option to select the pixel either. Can you help me with that please?
  17. @mtiberio: This is so confusing. At your 1:18 mark, under Ad Creative, in the Media drop-down box, after Add Image, you got to a screen that says "Select Media Crop for Placements". When I do that, it's not showing me a "Next" button on the bottom right. Instead, I have one that says "Continue", and after I click it, it just goes right back to the Ad Setup screen. I can't figure out how to set up Media Crop for Placements. Have things changed this much in seven months?
  18. @leonardodegenerate260: Bro. I had the same idea with the ice cream bottom part. Not for business, but I thought like "what if?". 2024 man, all our visions are becoming a reality (except GTA 6 of course.)
  19. @mariem6508: Can you make a vedio of  how  create a good a creative ad (vedio)
  20. @postscriptciara: This is ACTUALLY HELPFUL! This is exactly what I’ve been looking for. So glad I found you. Subscribed! 🙏🏻

- Alex Hormozi's Facebook Ads Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Alex Hormozi runs a portfolio of companies that drives over $200 million per year. And whether you agree with everything the guy says or not, his Facebook ad strategy is something that should be studied. Because the principles that he teaches and executes behind the scenes are the same ones that you should be applying to your Facebook ad strategy in 2026. The strategies that I'm going to break down in this video are the same strategies that we're applying for the over 100 brands that we work with right now at The Moonlight Ers. And while Alex Hormozi has thousands of videos, nearly impossible to watch them all, over the last month me and my team have deduced down these principles to three core strategies that you can follow. >> If you have a chick in the ad, you'll get more chicks. If you've got a black dude in the ads, you'll get more black dudes. If you got old guy, you'll get more old guys. If you talk about Christian stuff with a cross behind, you'll get more Christian people. So, just make sure that your message matches the prospect that you're trying to reach. Who you actually talk about in your ad has a direct relationship to who the ad is shown to. You don't need to focus on targeting as much as you used to. You need to focus on the content that you create to target the avatar for you. >> And so, it really should be more than ever value per second, and then with an extra slice of avatar. And what Andromeda did was amazing and terrible at the same time. So, it was amazing for consumers, it was amazing for advertisers, but it's a double-edged sword. And so, what Andromeda basically did was, how can we make the news feed as valuable as possible, which is always what Meta's going to try and optimize for, right? You'll notice that more and more ads are niche specific in general, right? And so, it's like it's sub-segmented down. So, if you have a plumber who's, you know, wearing his plumber stuff, doing plumber things, and you're talking about plumbing stuff, it's going to get shown to plumbers, right? Now, the upside is, because the targeting gotten so much better, your cost per result is going down. So, effectively what Alex is talking about is right on my screen here. Facebook ads used to work in a way where you would have your audience and then create a bunch of ads for that audience, even targeting that audience specifically through interest-based targeting. It then shifted to a concept/avatar focused algorithm. The concept itself matches to the audience. Another way to think about this is you have an avatar and a template or an angle that actually creates the concept that matches to the audience. So, when you call out the specific avatar, it targets the audience directly. Put into actual practice, you might have an example like this where you have two different marketing angles from the same brand targeting completely different avatars. One that's for better poop, better digestion, and the other one that is for keeping your hair thick and full. Totally separate problems solution from the same exact product. And so, I'm a part of Alex Hormozi's private group for $1 million plus business owners. And I posted my full take on Andromeda. And before I break this down, which I will in a second, note that the man himself replied and gave me the stamp of approval. So, just like Hormozi mentioned, Andromeda is the for you algorithm. The algo curates content to specific people, which are avatars. Those avatars are specific people that your ad is for. Every avatar has a problem and your product is the solution. So, your job to beat this algorithm is to define your problems, define your mechanism, which is why your product works, and then build concepts which are avatars and templates put together, and then eventually create iterations on the best performing ads. Here's what Hormozi has to say about iterations. >> Who's running ads to their stuff? Can I get a hands real quick? Okay, so about half of you. You obviously you probably already seen this. You need to make way more ads than you did before and you have to do way more segmented in your audiences in terms of your call outs and your messaging than you did before. So, if you have instead of making one ad for plumbers, make 10 ads with slightly different slices of plumbing. Like you want to get as niche as you possibly can cuz your cost per result is going to go down, which is a good thing, but you're going to have to burn through more of it, but that's the nature of the game now. So, precisely what Hormozi is saying is you find an angle, you find an avatar, and then you go deep on that avatar. So, you go horizontal first, and then you go very deep on that one thing that really works. These are called iterations, and we can see that right here through Groom's. Just in the example I gave you before, when we look at healthy hair, right? This is an ad angle targeting a very specific avatar, and then we have a bunch of different iterations. So, for example, we have male and female, similar assets. Then we just have a bunch of different angles showing more and more proof, and if you go into the Groom's ad library, you'll see thousands, literally thousands of ads targeting these specific angles. And the way that advertising is moving in general, it's going to be about hyper-personalization. So, with AI, you can create way more permutations much faster, and so I think we're going to have personalization at scale, and that's 2026. So, let's break this down another way and why this is important. I'm going to show you some numbers here as well, because this is going to tie a lot together. Basically, when you have different concepts, those match to audiences. We can call these concepts, we can call these avatars, we can call these angles, it's all relatively the same thing for the sake of this conversation. And let's say one of your ads that you created was from Nike, and it was a pair of shoes. If you figure out that this ad in particular works very well, your job is then to create a bunch of different iterations of this ad. It doesn't mean you just take the same shoe and you slap a different headline on top of it, but it does mean that this angle, maybe the shoe, maybe the style, maybe the tone, something works about it, you need to go deeper on it. The second thing that we need to understand is that when we actually look at the ad accounts performance, things are going to differ based on different avatars. For example, some angles {slash} avatars are going to be more scalable than others. Now, old school Facebook would favor the highest return on ad spend, but then your results would fall off a cliff. So, what winds up happening in new school Andromeda era Facebook is that each angle drives different performance. So, let's just say number one up here can spend $100 a day at a 5x return on ad spend. This angle as a whole could spend 100 bucks at a 5x. Number two could spend $1,000, and it could do so at a 4x. Number three could spend 10k a day, but it can only do so at a two. And the number three and the bottom one down here could spend $500 a day, and it could do so at a 3.5. Now, your gut is naturally going to be to say, I want to spend all my money on the $100 at a 5x. Of course, like we want that. We do want higher returns generally speaking. But what is actually relevant for the business today is to understand that each of these are exclusive from one another. So this angle here are not interfering with this angle here or this angle here. These are separate because everything is broken by avatar. So instead, as long as the angle or the avatar or the concept as a whole, as a collective, are driving above your return efficiency metric that you need. Like if it's ROAS, you need a 2x ROAS or higher. As long as it's driving above that efficiency metric, then you keep it active, you keep it running. So we could stack angles, we could stack avatars. That's exactly what Groom's does. You could look at any major retailers ad account right now, is exactly what they're doing. Now, you've probably realized you need to create a lot of creative in order to scale, find different avatars, and ultimately keep your efficiencies relatively stable. You could keep your account stable, meaning not spend with a low amount of ads, but if you really want to scale, you need more creative. So here's one of the ways Alex Hormozi is actually taking his organic content and turning it into ads. >> We pump out 450 pieces or whatever it is of content per week. And you know what's really cool, is the algorithm will just tell you which of these are the best and most interesting. And so then what we do is we take those things and then just run them as ads. Take the ad or take the content and then just just literally put an overlay. Just put a banner that says like click to grab a thing like it people get it. If the thing was good, they're like, that was good. I'll take the action that the bad platform, you know, allows me to take right now. So this is a typical creative flywheel. This is what we implement for most of the brands that we work with. And this is what Alex Hormozi recommends to do. He He recommends to short line the creative process instead of looking at your winning ads and your competitors winning ads to create new ads. You also, in addition, take your organic winners and just drop them right into your ad account, wait, analyze, and then cook up more winners. So, the whole process now changes a little bit. You go from looking at your competitors, looking at your winning ads, creating ads from those, waiting, analyzing, and then having the cycle repeat, repeat, repeat to inserting organic winners in the process as well. And the cool part about organic winners is that they're already semi-proven. Now, don't forget to get a little advance on stuff like this. Use minimums and maximums to make sure that every ad gets adequate testing spend. And don't allow organic viral content to take up too much of your ad account spend that's not actually driving the return that you need. By the way, if you're finding this valuable, let me know in the comments below which of these strategies you're going to implement first. I read all the comments and I'll try to reply with some strategic advice as well. Okay, now you've got the framework. You understand the core principles that Alex Hormozi is following to actually build out his businesses for his massive portfolio company. But knowing the philosophies is just a fraction of the battle. Now, you need to implement these strategies. So, if you want to see the full robust setup that we use here at The Moon Lighters that we call the M4 method for actually setting up your campaign structure, going through creative strategy, and everything in between, click on this video right here to go through everything A to Z. That is all for today's video. As always, let me know if you got value out of this and I will see you very soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Marcelo.kovasc [2 likes]: Sam Piliero? Don’t you think it’s complicated to manage a brand like Gruns that tries to solve multiple problems rather than just one? What’s your take on this—would you create a brand to solve a single problem for a single target audience?
  2. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l166
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l166
  3. @raymondoo0209 [1 likes]: so avatar is just persona
  4. @guillerebo8520 [1 likes]: I was pooping and I stood up to clap at this sauce
  5. @mohamed.abdelnasser.official [1 likes]: Hi Sam, Thanks for your great content! I have a question: I have various SKUs with different prices and margins, and I need to focus my ads on specific products based on stock levels and profitability. How can I apply your suggested structure in this case? Your structure means 1 campaign with X ad sets and X ads with different angles
  6. @klickbeastppc [1 likes]: If you were running a small budget like $100/day would you cram all of these ads into one ad set? I don’t have the budget to get more than one out of learning right now.
  7. @Maneeez: Hey Sam, Quick question from someone executing this in the trenches: When it comes to signing new Ecom clients today, what is your #1 advice? Is doubling down on LinkedIn and building a personal brand the play, or is there a sharper acquisition lever you'd recommend to scale fast and with control?

- The Best AI Ad Creative Strategy for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most brands are using AI to create ads completely wrong. They'll fire up an AI tool to generate 50 ads in an afternoon. They roll them all into their ad account and wonder why nothing is working. The volume is there, but the quality isn't. And I get it because AI tools are everywhere right now and they make it seem stupidly easy to create content. But creating ads and creating winning ads are two completely different things. My team and I manage millions of dollars in ad spend for nearly 100 direct-to-consumer e-commerce brands across literally every category. I've also helped over 600 brands inside the number one Facebook ads community on the internet. And what I can tell you is that brands that are absolutely crushing it right now are not using AI as a standalone creative strategy. They're using it as an accelerant on top of their creative strategy. So, in this video, I'm going to break down the exact AI creative ad strategy that's working right now in 2026. And like always, this is the actual thing that me and my team were doing right now for all of our brands. So, the thing we need to understand first that's critically important is the old way of Facebook ads versus the new way. The old way took an audience and you created ads for that particular audience. You grouped them in either an ad set or a campaign. The new way focuses on a concept that matches to that audience. And put in a more complex way, you have avatars that create audiences. You've heard creative is your targeting before. That is avatars automatically find your audience. When you take an avatar and put a template in that avatar together, that creates an ad concept. And I'm going to show you how you could do this all in one shot. Okay, so the tool that I like to use for this is called Super Scale. We literally have all of our brands in here. We've been using this for a while now and we've noticed that it actually gets smarter in time. But just for the sake of this video, I'm going to start it from scratch. Now, keep in mind, you could do similar things on your own time with very complex prompts in like Nano Banana or other places as well that are mostly cheaper or free. But what I want to focus on now is what actually drives the best results because one winning ad could genuinely change your entire ad account and your whole business. So my focus here is quality. So what we're going to do in this case, we're going to create a new brand so you could see everything completely from scratch. And all I'm going to have to do here with Superscale is give it my website URL. So to keep things simple, we're going to use Grooons because everybody likes Grooons. We're going to drop in the Grooons URL here and what this actually does, which I think is why it's so much better than basically every other AI platform, at least the ones that I've used, is it's actually analyzing the website or competitors and it's putting together a brand book for us. So what it will do in just a few seconds here is on the left-hand side, you're going to see something pop up here that says projects in context. And as this updates over time, it's actually building branding guidelines, things we don't want to say, things we do want to say, must-haves, don't do's, etc. This is going to allow us to have a context file that grows as we use more. So just on my first output here, we can see that it now added 10 products to our workspace. So I can go here and I could change to any of my products. So we could just use like the main Grooons one if we want to, very simply put. And now it knows that it's looking at that individual product. So it's going to be even more relevant to whatever I ask it. Now without even giving it any more information, which to be honest is kind of crazy. You should give this more and more and more information to get a better result. I'm just going to click one button here, which is create static ads for Grooons flagship adult gummies. We can literally just prompt one line here. It's going to go through a process of looking specifically at the entire supplement space for gummies. This again is the difference maker. It's researching what's working in the supplement gummy space. So specific to the niche of the brand that we've entered. It's finding our own image ads based on what's actually working. And by the way, just a side note, you can actually connect your meta account in here. So for the brands that we are actively managing, we have our actual data in here. So, we could actually see if the ads are actually working based on any KPI we tell it, not just like relevance scores or impressions that the Facebook Ads Library actually gives. In this research here, it's just using broad Facebook Ads Library knowledge, but if we actually hook this up to the ad account, it can go a step further, look at conversions, purchases, cost per, return on ad spend, whatever we need. So, after it's looked at our own image ads, the next thing it does is it looks for everything in our niche. So, it's looking at a bunch of different competitors here. It's also looking for greens supplement powders, aka Athletic Greens. It's going to find similar to our brand. Then it's putting together what it believes are our matching competitors based on brands that are actually working. So, it's looked at AG1, [clears throat] Olly, Ritual, Bloom. I would actually consider these to be all the top brands. SmartyPants is another good one in here, Nature Made, another good one in here. And then it's taking these competitors and it's finding their top performing ads based on what's run the longest and what's getting impressions according to the Facebook Ads Library. So, we have AG1 top ads, Lemme Gummies top ads, Goli top ads, and the list goes on and on and on. Okay, so I paused the video here because this just went on for like 5 minutes and basically did an insane amount of research. Like it kept going and going and going. I think everyone probably understands that my creative team handles this most of the time, so I'm even more blown away when I see just how deep this research actually goes. I mean, this has likely saved hours of work to get the correct output. And we can see now on the right side, after it's checked the top ads in the greens ad account and dozens of other competitors, it basically found a few different angles. And literally, it says angles, just like I've talked about in the previous 2 minutes here. It has different angles that it's going to focus on. It's now creating automatic outputs in real time. You could see it popping up. Automatic outputs of these angles that actually will work for this business. Okay, the outputs are in. We've created nine ad concepts. You can see they actually format them by concept and angle, the same thing that I've been talking about for literally years. And we can see them here on the right side. So, I want to just mention here, when you use AI of any kind, one of the biggest problems, as I've said many times now, is that you get losers. You think it all looks good, but most of the ads are actually just slop. They don't look good. They don't perform well. So, what I expect when I actually insert the correct prompt with a ton of context is a significantly stronger result, and that's what we get here. I don't expect 10 out of 10 every time, but 50% when I was able to click that button, wait about 5 minutes, and actually get high-quality ads is off the charts. So, here's what we got here. On the right-hand side, we have 60 ingredients, one gummy. That is a standout, clear format that we've seen work before. So, you can actually see in this here where and what ad this was inspired by. So, it takes the angle and then takes the inspired by right in front of us. Okay, let's just go through the rest of these. Next one here is Traveler's New Bestie. So, this is taking that New Bestie, the GLP-1 New Bestie format with the traveling concept here, which could work pretty well. Next is GLP-1's New Bestie, which is a proven concept that we already know. And by the way, I could take any of these. This is a 4x5 format, and I could just click this button, and it will make automatically for me a 9x16 like that. Moving on to the next one, we have a lifestyle in kitchen. Honestly, I don't love this one that much. I'd probably skip it or make different generations of it. Clinically studied that actually works. We know this is a concept that actually works for Grüns already. iPhone notes, this is really, really crafty. This is cool that they've actually done this for us. Things that actually changed my health this year, those green gummies from Grüns replacing my six bottles of supplements, that was life-changing. Super smart, super crafty. Replace your entire supplement shelf, 60 nutrient-dense ingredients, one grab-and-go pack. I mean, super smooth. My poops have never been this good. Again, like straight-up attacking the avatar. We know this is a proven concept, so it was able to find what was proven in the ad account and make more of it. You could also do one more thing that I really like right here, and you can go to the expert library, and this is going to show you a dozen and one prompts from all different kinds of angles that you could steal for yourself. I think this is insanely valuable because most of the time creating the prompts are what's going to give you the most outsized result for high-quality creative. So, in this case, let's say I wanted to do something as simple as a winning ad iteration. They have a prompt built in here for you. You can click use right here and enter it with a brand with a product that you want and add any additional context. So, it's all pre-built, very easy to go, and you could save these as well. Also in here, which I think is crazy valuable, and this is brand new, they have skills. So, we could do things like top of funnel creative testing. We could do things like weekly creative briefs all built into here, which is crazy valuable. And the last thing that I didn't call out too much today because we've been focused on static ads is there's actually a big video library. So, they've generated dozens and dozens of characters that you could prompt from, and you know those characters are high-quality cuz they've already created the back end of the character. The cool part about this is we actually have access to Sora and Seedance in here. Both models are the top two models right now, for sure. Sora and Seedance, too, by far, long shot, the best models right now. For me personally, having dozens of these prompts available at my fingertips and the fact that they're being updated constantly is huge for me. This really, really helps with the production of my team. Allows everyone to be on the same page using the right prompts. It's like getting handed everything on a silver platter. Probably the best right now when it comes to actually being able to build a variety of ads without overload and making you do hours of research just to put a prompt in when most of the times those ads come out as duds anyway. Okay, now that you understand where me and my team are creating ads, let me show you how to actually implement these ads into your account and a very clear testing structure that you can follow. Really that focuses on limiting wasted spend but still allows your new ads to get tested properly. Because you can create so many ads, but if the right ones aren't getting spend, you're really not going to get a good result. So, basically what we like to do is we follow a modular-based system. At a very simple, high level, we have a prospecting campaign and a retention campaign. All we're going to focus on is the prospecting campaign. Now, in the prospecting campaign, every time we launch a new round of creative, we launch it as a new pack. So, you can see here I have broad pack one, broad pack two, broad pack three. It might just be one pack for you today, and it might be 100 packs for you in the future. You're going to pause things down, you're going to keep things, you're going to make changes along the way, but we use a modular pack-based system. New ads, new pack. New ads, new pack. New concept, new pack. And we generally like to keep the packs grouped by avatar. So, if I was Groom's, for example, I would not be putting the hoop ads into the hair ads same ad set. But, I would keep these into a campaign. Really simply put, new ads into new packs. Inside those, there could be anywhere from two creatives in a pack to 10. Really, the sweet spot tends to be four to eight ads in a pack. Seems to be enough angles these days to actually test adequately without overcompensating with too many different angles. The next thing we like to do on these packs is we set seven-day minimum budgets. So, what this looks like at the ad set level is when you go into your ad set, which will be your pack, as we're calling it, and you go down to the budget section. You're going to see ad set spending limits. Right here, we use a dollar value amount, and we set this dollar value amount to one time our cost per acquisition target. If our CPA target is $50, then yes, we just enter $50 right here. It is that simple. If you are spending not too much money, and you don't know how much to put here because $50 is going to be like 30% of your budget, cap it at 20% maximum. And then after 7 days, you are taking that $50, this minimum, and you're removing it. You just click this button, you remove that minimum, and then you allow it to run freely. What this does in effect is it basically allows the new ads that we launch in the new packs to get tested. They get a fair chance at your target CPA. If they work, they're going to spend over the amount. If they don't work, they're going to fade and scale down. And then perhaps the most important part, the iteration engine. Right, so you've understood now how to one-shot new ad creatives, whether they're static or videos. You probably know still that this is not an all supplement to all creative. You still need to be producing your own creative. But what do you do when you have a winning ad in your ad account? To find your winning ad in your ad account, what you want to do first is go into your main prospecting campaign, go to all of your ads, and go to your column set, compare attribution window, incremental attribution. What this is going to show you is the ads that actually drove revenue incremental to the business that wouldn't have happened without this ad. Once you select this, you're going to take your top ads by incremental revenue and incremental ROAS, and you want to produce more. Simply put, just produce variations. Now, we could take those variations, we could pop them back into Super Scale, and literally just ask for variations, or you could just tweak them on your own. Either way is completely fine. The important part of this is just like Grunts, they are taking their best angles, and they are creating a variety of iterations on top of those best angles. Iterations are not one word in the headline changing. Iterations are a decent swing. In old-school Facebook, this would have just been considered a totally new ad. These days, it's just considered an iteration or a variation of an existing winning concept. The biggest mistake I see when people are running AI ads is treating it like a magic button, where you just create a bunch of ads, throw them into your ad account, and hope for the best. Now, I walked you through my exact system. I previewed how we implemented these creatives into our ad accounts. But if you want to see a way more detailed account of how we actually take ads, put them in the account, the exact settings, step-by-step-by-step-by-step, then click this video right here where I go through my entire strategic setup for 2026. I hope you got a ton of value out of this. Let me know if you did in the comments below, and I will also link all of the tools that I used throughout this video in the comments as well. That's all for today. I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bradynzambrano2744 [5 likes]: Is there any software you’d recommend for a lead gen agency? To generate more creatives like this. We currently work in generating leads for Final Expense life insurance. 

Your vids are very helpful thank you!
  2. @Marcelo.kovasc [4 likes]: Thanks for the video!! What's your opinion on brands that focus on multiple problem areas, like hair, weight loss, fiber, etc., compared to a brand that focuses on only one solution mechanism?
  3. @SamPiliero [3 likes]: 👉 Superscale hooked us up, here is my unique link to join: https://try.superscale.ai/sampiliero
  4. @divyavardhanchaturvedi1702 [1 likes]: Hi Sam. Inside the ad set, while launching ads, are you uploading up to 10 creative assets in one ad or single creatives. This is in context of the latest format display option that meta has rolled out, where we are given the option to upload 10 creatives. How are you using that option and has it brought you notable performance?
  5. @alexanderfocke4342 [1 likes]: Insightful video, thank you! What is a good prompt you would recommend to start with?
  6. @amodi9576 [1 likes]: perfect
  7. @sudhirgupta3570 [1 likes]: tha
nk you sam. How to increase the per day spend in prospecting campaing. If i have 100 $ per day and let say i have allot of creative after some time. So how can we increase the ad spend? follow 20-30% rule or duplicate and 2-3x the ad spend.
  8. @KosarHammanan [1 likes]: Thank you once again for the amazing video it’s great. I’ve got a question please let’s say we testing out different angles and under one campaign we have 3 adsets and each adset have an angel inside with different creatives of that angel and my question is does each angle needs to have different landing page as well or can be the same?
  9. @the-youtube-helpdesk [1 likes]: This applies so well beyond ads too. AI can help create more options, but if the inputs are weak, you just get more average outputs faster. The real edge is still in understanding the avatar, the angle, the hook, and the testing system behind it.
  10. @tylerkoehler9756 [1 likes]: Just as a side note if you use this presentation elsewhere, you spelled "template" wrong in the slide at 1:26. Great video man.
  11. @madya_id: Seeing how Super Scale deeply researches the competitors and builds that context file in just minutes is insane! Definitely saves hours of manual spy work. Thanks for the breakdown, Sam!
  12. @alpbing: Great video Sam. Quick q before I join the Blueprint — does your skool course work for low-ticket digital product funnels ($17 front end + upsells, info product, not ecommerce/Shopify)? Still early on Meta and my gap is the decision-making (kill/scale/duplicate). Is there much for that kind of funnel?
  13. @raulgolfs: I would love to see Marlon in the Vids
  14. @fredrick745: would this tool work for SAAS?

- The Most Braindead Facebook Ads Creative Strategy that SCALES in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Most people sit down in front of a Google Doc when trying to create new Facebook ads and simply get stuck. They don't know what to write, they don't know what to put on paper, and they end up throwing some random idea down that doesn't even convert, wasting time and money to get that ad produced, and even wasting money on ad spend inside of the Facebook ad account. And in 2026, this is the exact Facebook ad creative strategy that we're leveraging to be able to scale client accounts. So, that being said, let's dive into the video. So, the old way for creating Facebook ads and the old Facebook ads creative strategy was, like I said, it's kind of staring at a Google Doc, coming up with a few different hook ideas, uh trying to decide, you know, should you run a video, should you run a photo, um and then essentially after kind of mingling and throwing something together between a hook and like a script or a photo concept and stuff, um you're simply throwing money at unproven ideas within side of the ad account. And I always like to look at it, too, as this way. Uh you know, there's a really good meme for this that I saw. Uh I know it's more related to media buying, but I think it can easily be referred to in this particular situation right here. Now, a big shift has happened of how I look at creative strategy in 2026, and the new way I'm approaching to creating creatives that has increased the number of winners we get, which has also increased our ability to create more ads while maintaining quality, still keeping in tension, everything like that, uh and creating more winning ads for clients. That's helping us increase ad spend while lowering cost per purchase and increasing ROAS. And this big shift actually started back in 2024, um and it's something that we've been religiously working on over the last couple months. And I call this the Mr. Beast approach. And the reason why I call this the Mr. Beast approach because back in Vid uh back in 2024 of September, I went to this thing called Vid Summit and was able to listen to Mr. Beast's team to basically talk, you know, hear how they get ideas and stuff, um and once they get that big idea of what they do to actually go and execute on that idea. And essentially what they did for um their approach and stuff like that was actually going ahead and finding uh winning content and stuff like that, and simply just recreating it, but better. So, here's a great example right here where they took this hydraulic like thing that was been trending and stuff and getting like millions of views, and they just simply did one thing to make it better and more clickable, which was this one right here, hydraulic press versus Lamborghini. Now, again, all they did was one little tweak and >> [music] >> literally got what, four times the more views with this video versus this video. And for me, this was a big aha moment in that sense because I just didn't see this with Mr. Beast. I actually saw this over and over and over with other big creators that do the same thing as well. And it made me realize, hey, we're not a copywriter that's sitting in an agency back in 1965. Everyone wants to be like the show Mad Men basically in the sense of just sitting on a desk and writing some copy to create an ad that just goes ahead to generate millions of dollars. That's just not the case or not necessarily not the case, but you just don't have to do that way anymore. There is a better way. And I look at this from the perspective of the same Mr. Beast approach right here where can we go ahead and already find winning ads from uh various different advertisers, go ahead and recreate those ads, and that way we can find more winning ads based off things that we know are proven to work. Um also, too, save money because we're testing less ads that like when I put an ad in production and stuff, it we have to spend money on getting that video done with a content creator, we have to spend money on the editing team and stuff. There's a lot of costs that's associated with the production of that particular creative right there. So, if we're producing less winning ads, we're also wasting less money on losing ads, and we're spending more money on ads that are more likely to be a winner, we're finding more winning ads, and we're making the whole creative strategy process easier. And I like to think of this as well as the Chad way of doing creative strategy in 2026, um much better results and not so analytical about every little small detail right there. And that's exactly what I did. Uh and just to show you a few different examples here, uh we had this one particular client right here uh in the skin care niche. I found this particular ad right here. This was talking something about like magnesium and stuff and like the world's strongest magnesium. So, I literally just took that approach and I recreated that ad for one of our clients selling a $3,500 acne solution type of product right here. Um took the same concept, I took the same script, and just rewrote it exactly for my client. And then I did the same thing here, um same client uh same brand and stuff like that, but all we did was from another different industry, we pulled out the weight loss ad right here, um this ad right here, and then we rewrote that for our client. And this also found more winning ads for us. I think we spent roughly, I don't know, um all together a couple thousand dollars between that to generate leads that are converting at roughly a 10% ratio. Now, here's another one. This one was actually from that same Pura Vida brand. We found this particular ad. It was a podcast style ad, and then we simply recreated for one of our clients selling a um more expensive breath mint solution right there. And this ad went on to spending a couple thousand dollars for this client, helping us reduce cost so we can scale and spend more inside of the account. So, how do you actually go ahead and actually do this? How do you find the winning ads? How do you recreate them? And like what's my current routine for actually going ahead and building these out? So, first things first is you need some type of uh platform for like ad inspiration and stuff and actually finding winning ads. Um I personally use Trend Tracker. It's been one of my favorite platforms over the last couple months. Um and what I'll do is I'll go inside of Trend Tracker and I have a certain set of filters I use to be able to go ahead and actually recreate those ads um or find those winning ads that I want to recreate. Now, the next thing I'll do is using AI. Um I personally love Claude. On and off with Claude over the last couple years, I feel like the pendulum swings at multiple times a year where, you know, Claude's the best at copywriting, then they'll switch back to like GPT or Gemini or something like that, then they'll switch back to Claude, back to GPT, and then, you know, so on. So, every couple months, um or at least once a month, I like to test various different AIs to see what's the current best one for copywriting. And right now, I'm back to Claude. So, we're using Claude, and we'll kind of go over that protocol. And then what's the routine in my busy ass schedule throughout the week? What's that routine that I'm following to be able to go ahead and do this? So, with that being said, let's actually dive into Trend Tracker. We'll start off here first. Now, inside of Trend Tracker, I'm actually going to the shops feature here. Uh reason why I want to go to the shops feature is because I'd rather find the shops that are scaling and then see what ads they're running first is just like finding random ads. So, I'm already got a preset of filters here that I'll show you guys, uh but you'll notice immediately like it goes from like 1.5 million shops all the way down to about 575 shops, and that's totally cool with me because these are the shops that are like fitting my exact criteria for what I'm looking for. Now, I'm looking at 100,000 visits, uh minimum of 100,000 visits to a max of a million visits per month. The reason why I'm setting a max and not just every single brand doing over like a million visits, um is because what I find is that um there'll be a a level of brands of which are using like direct response ads, the type of ads that we want to run up until they get to a couple million dollars a month. Then they start just running like very broad, more generic brand awareness ads. So, I just find that I get a lot more like direct response ads um below a million right [music] there. And if we estimate a average 2% conversion rate and like an average of, let's say, a $50 AOV on Shopify, um 100,000 people, it comes out to about 2,000 orders per month times 50, that comes out to rough about $100,000 a month in revenue and about a million dollars a month in revenue as well. So, we're getting brands that are actively scaling from that 100K month mark to about a million dollar month mark as well. Um so, you can and you can probably, you know, put that anywhere between 50K. You probably do cut this number in half, and then you can also double that number, and that probably puts you in a range between brands doing 50K to 200K a month and brands doing anywhere between 500K to 2 million dollars a month. That's more how I see it um in [music] my head. Now, a really important right here is traffic growth. Um I don't want to see just every brand between that traffic. I want to see brands that are scaling. And because I want to see brands that are scaling, I make sure that these brands or growing month over month in increase in revenue. Um I don't want a brand that's currently on a decline right now. I want a brand that's hot, that's scaling and growing. Um and that's a lot of the things you will see in today's video when I go through some of these. Next one is visitor countries US, and that's just because a lot of our clients are advertising in the US. Um so, I just want, you know, mainly USA ads. Uh personally, all of our clients right now are English, so I'm using English. And then currency here I have USD as well because we're focusing on USD. Now, for the Shopify app itself, I like Clavio, and for the Meta Pixel, I have this one right here um for pixels. So, this gives me um you know, a good quantity of brands here. And what I'll do here is you can just sort this by relevance. Basically, just who matches these filters the most and you'll get a long list of various different shops. And actually here we have 20 different pages, which is perfectly fine because honestly, um just going through these top ones right here gives me plenty of ideas. Um but there's no limit. Like you can, you know, some days go to page four if you want more variety. Um I'm actually going to go to page four cuz I haven't really visited page four in a while. So, we'll actually take a look at some of these right here. So, I'm going to click on Serene Herbs right here. And I'm going to click on see shop analytics and I want to show you guys how these filters all work together. So, first things here is this brand is doing about 433,000 monthly visits. We can see right here they're actually scaling month over month. That's good because that shows me that hey, they're spending more on ads every month if they're growing in visits. I'm not really too concerned about the live ads over time. Um but you know, they pretty much kind of average these pretty much range right here during this period of time where they're scaling. But again, it's not really something I'm really like too concerned about right here. Now, if I scroll down here, um or actually if I do scroll down right here, I can see like similar shops to them and stuff we're not really going to look at right here. And I can also see the last ads they published. But I want to click on meta ads right here and here I can actually see a mixture of things. I can see top performing ads and I can also see longest active right here. And then I can also see most duplicated. So, let's just break these down real quick. Top performing are ads that have the most impressions um since meta has rolled out the new feature of like high impressions and low impressions within inside of the Facebook ads library. Now, we can actually start to see that translated back into like these ad tracking platforms. Um longest active, these are just ads that have been running for a really long time. And then most duplicated, this is a kind of a if you want because the reason why you'll duplicate an ad is for various different reasons. You might duplicate into various different campaigns. >> Um if you run like a multi-campaign structure, which you may duplicate that ad a couple of times cuz it keeps getting declined and like like cut down basically or you may duplicate an ad a couple of times because it keeps getting rejected. Uh so, that's just kind of like why I'm just like in that iffy area. But I like to I like to take all three of these. Um I I don't really have like a preference of one specifically that I like I tend to go to the most. But just to keep it simple, I will go to the top performing here. Now, what I like to do is preview these ads and I like to understand the hook. I like to understand the script here. Um and [music] what I like to understand is, okay, is this ad more for like top of funnel, which is going to be like my solution aware, problem aware, unaware? Or is this going to be more lower funnel here where it's going to be like aware or product aware? Um again, that's going to be more of like just straight deals um discount or something like that. Keep in mind here, this is also going to directly determine what am I trying to solve for my ad account right now. If I don't know what I need to solve for my ad account right now, all of this is going to be a huge time waste. And that's again, do I need more top of funnel ads right now? Do I need to increase the new traffic in the business? Do I need to in you know, decrease like or do we need to increase our conversion rate? You know, what does that look like right now? What's the problem we're trying to solve within inside of the ad account? So, understanding that's also going to help me determine what ad I want to use right here. say this ad right here is just more of like almost a retargeting ad or at least a lower funnel ad. I'd say more product aware here because it just calls it's more of a guy just kind of doing a testimonial here about the product. This is actually a really cool video here. It's like this AI what I would say like AI video where you take characters and stuff like that. That's pretty cool. Very top of funnel. This is good. Okay, so now that I like this ad right here, I'm going on open ad details. And the cool thing is when you open these ad details, it gives you a few things. It gives us the landing page that we're actually driving traffic to, which is really cool. Flush out years of toxic build up from your gut in just 14 days. And then it kind of goes into you know, like the product and everything like that. It gives us a full transcript right here of exactly what that person said. Now, what we want to do here is this where we're going to actually go into the recreation stage, right? And we're going to go over um one way today, which is like the intermediate marketer way, which is like, hey, here rewrite this script for my product and stuff. And this works well, but there's also the advanced marketer way, which this is what I kind of teach in my coaching programs and stuff like the inner circle for example with my, you know, students are doing where we're actually giving Claude a persona doc, giving uh Claude a product info doc, an ICP doc, um and more specifically what we're trying to solve for in the ad account and who this script is for, which is a little bit more detail. This is the advanced marketer way. We're creating more winning ads right here. We'll lower our cost per purchase and you know, we're documenting every ad with like an idea, hypothesis, and creative learnings and stuff like that. But the the way I'm going to show you guys today is still going to be way more effective than what you guys are doing today. So, promise you video is still valuable. So, I'm taking this random product online right here. Uh this is not a client or anything like that. I just found it while doing research the other day, which is a from a brand called Dog is Human. Basically, it's a multivitamin uh for dogs and this multivitamin for dogs is made with ingredients specifically for humans. So, that way it's like very very high quality in that sense. >> Um so, basically I'm just going to give this to Claude this link. Uh here is my product. Uh tell me everything about it. Boom. And the reason why I'll say that is because I really want Claude to like understand the product. I want Claude to under uh break down the product and everything like that. And then it also allows me to have confirmation that Claude is actually using what I would say um like actually going through everything here and fully understanding the product. And like when they write my script or when Claude writes my script, I understand that it understands my product. So, that way um it's not just like guessing something random. Like yesterday I had it tell me something completely different when I gave it a URL and I was just like, okay, well, I'm glad we avoided that. So, now I'm going to come here. I'm just going to copy this script right here and I'm just going to say, rewrite this script from another product and industry for my product. Boom. And then I'm just going to paste that in and it's going to do its thing. Now, something I really want to highlight here. This product is around something around like what I would say like worms living inside of you and stuff like that. Whereas this product right here is a multivitamin for dogs. Two very different industries and niches and stuff. And I cannot stress this enough. There's one rule when doing this creative strategy. Do not copy your competitors. Do not go after like if I was selling uh if I was actually selling this dog daily multivitamin stuff, I won't actually go and look at other dog daily multivitamin and recreate their ads. Recreating ads from your competitors and people selling the same product as you uh is what creates high CPM because your ads look similar to everyone else. And because your ads look similar, everyone's swiping past them and they just don't want to look at your ad right there cuz they're getting bombarded with similar ads from your competitors. So, your goal here is look at other industries, other niches and stuff like that and bring those ideas to your niche right there. Let's go ahead and look at this Claude script right here. Um so, we basically gave it the script right here. I'm not going to go through it completely, but you can do it if you want. Um if your dog scratches constantly or something missing inside them, their body is screaming for help. Ooh, that's really good. That's a really good um there's something missing inside of them and their body is screaming for help. If your dog scratches constantly and there's something missing. I love this. Why? Because it's highlighting the idea of that there's something going on in your dog right now and you need to pay attention to what we're about to show you. Um if your dog is gassy or bloated or or bloated or has mushy stool, it's not just their food, it's an imbalanced uh imbalanced gut. So, this is where it's basically going ahead and describing them the problem, which is great. If your dog wakes up sluggish, moves slower than they used to, or just seems off, it's not old age, it's inflammation quietly stealing their energy. If their coat is dull, their skin is flakier, their ear infection never go fully away, their immune system is losing a battle they don't even know it's happening. The name of this is dysbiosis. Your dog's gut has become overrun by harmful bacteria and imbalanced microorganisms. They steal nutrients, sabotage immunity, and cause inflammation within. And the worst part, nobody connects the dots. Not the scratching, not the gas, not the tired eyes. But here's something to help them overcome it called Zima One, a daily soft chew that's clinically backed 100% ingredients, probiotics, glucomannan with salmon oil, COQ10, and a full complex working together to fix what's actually broken. Just one chew a day and the transformation begins. In 4 to 6 weeks, you'll see a shinier coat, less scratching, more energy, healthier digestion. That dog you remember back. But here's the thing, most supplements are packed with fillers, palm oil, and artificial flavoring. Zima One is different. Pure ingredients, vet formulated, made in Vermont. Dog parents message us every week shocked by the difference. Vets recommend it. Dogs devour it. The only problem, we keep selling out. If you still keep if you still see the button below, we're in stock, but not for long. Give your order give your dog what they deserve and pick their back to health in one chew at a time. So, this is great. So, this kind of goes ahead and calls out the problem and everything. Um calls out the symptoms, ties it to a problem, and then go there and give the solution. It's a honestly very good ad. What's missing here though is the missing context to understand if hey, does our product actually solve that? And that's kind of where it's like this is the basic way. This this way right here, taking this script, and then like what I'll do is I'll come here, I'll copy this link, I'll share this to my editor, and then I'll I'll give them the new script that I want basically my editor to go right for this particular brand right here. So now they have a visual inspiration, they have the new the script I want them to use, and then um you know, understanding of who my ideal customer is and all that stuff like that. Like literally this right here is going to be 80 90% perfect and it'll find us more winning ads. The next way though that the next level is where again we're adding in things like desire. What's the desire of the problem we want to go after? Who's the ideal core persona that we want to go after? Um and that's the only thing that we didn't show in today's video which I do with my students and stuff like that. So um but yeah, so this is pretty much it. This is like literally at a high level of what we do here um and what I would call the literally the brain dead creative strategy. Like if you have a 90 IQ and you know how to log into a computer, this is the easiest way to basically do creative strategy in 2026. You're taking out a lot of the guesswork of what you need to say, what you need to write within side of the creative and stuff. And what I even like to call it is like this right here is the frame of a house. Like you can buy these construction homes now where it's like it's already a pre-built home ready to go and then you just go and do your tweaks to make it for you. And that's basically what we're doing here. We're going to find these homes already built or like the plans already exist and then we're tweaking those plans to get a house specifically made for us. That's exactly what we do in this strategy right here. So it's what's been cutting out a lot of the guesswork of what creatives we need to test run all of those good things right there. Um and then from there allows to make much better ads. Now, last one is routine. As I said, I got a very busy schedule on a week-to-week basis. Um me personally, every day I just find one ad like this. Um just going through this process right here. I build out the brief which would basically just be like here's what I want people to say in the ad. Here's the ad I want it to like copy and stuff like that. Um go back to it. Here's the ad I want to copy. I'll copy the little link. I'll send it over to my editor. My editor builds out that ad right there. Uh sometimes we have to hire content creators and stuff like that. Um we'll go build that out out and every day we're building a new ad, getting that ad, and then launching that inside of our ad account which I have plenty of videos on this YouTube channel going over how to test Facebook ads in 2026. Um so you know, like just search up it on the channel. You'll be good or my editor can maybe put it right here. Um and then actually get that up live on the screen for you guys to actually check out for yourself as well. Now, the other cool thing here is that it does give you the landing page too that's um that's running traffic for this ad because the landing page is also the other half of making really good ads. So you have the first half which is the ads, then the second half is the actual landing page itself. Um this is part of the experience that's needed to be able to convert people. So the cool thing about this is that a very very low level, we can also go ahead, do a full page screenshot here. Um I've just found better results by doing a full page screenshot than just giving Claude a URL specifically for the landing page just cuz it's it goes a lot more in depth and everything. Um but I can literally just go ahead, give this to Claude, and then ta-da, there we go. Um now review the landing page and then re and then recreate the copy for my product. There we go. And then basically same thing here but with the landing page. Again, this will give us something that's 80 90% perfect here. Now I have my landing page copy. I can create a new landing page to run with this ad. I can run this ad twice, once with the product page we're running now or like the current landing page now, and then also run that with the new landing page um that we want to test as well. Now, let's take a little bit So you know, we'll come back here in a second. Um but yeah, like I said, this is like easiest way possible create one new ad a day by just going through here on Trend Track and stuff. Um am I still doing iterations and variations? Yeah, absolutely. I'm still doing 80/20 which that means 80% of my time, energy, and focus is on iterations and variations of messaging we already know works. So for example, um this is this could technically be a variation right here. Um if I know like let's say my dog is scratching a lot, right? And I'm testing a lot of ads on scratching right now and I found just a different creative style to go after scratching, that's a variation for me. Uh an iteration, I like to look at it from a perspective of just taking an already winning ad or an ad that we want to improve and just changing one thing about it, one tweak to it. That's an iteration for me. Um and then new messaging, this is where we're testing whole new personas, whole new awareness levels, whole new desires, um whole new sophistication stages. One of those four things is what's creates new messaging for me. Um it's actually go ahead and test and stuff like that. So um but yeah, so I'm still doing 80/20 and all that. So that's just like the other context and again that's kind of where it goes back into advanced marketer stage right there um where I go over inside of my inner circle program and stuff. Um but yeah, so Trend Track, Claude, that's really all you need to execute on this. If you want to check out Trend Track for yourself, I put a link in the description below to where you can actually sign up for a trial and stuff and actually uh get a discount for your first couple months of using Trend Track itself. Thank you all so much for watching this video. Make sure you hit the like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. My name's Nick Terry and I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ermandzomba2432 [2 likes]: Could you do the video of how you turn script to the ad please ?
  2. @OgunremiEmmanuel [2 likes]: Hey nick what is wrong with people in the learning phase are they not humans like they click but don't convert but after optimization people buy
  3. @joaquinromero8830 [1 likes]: Nick, I love your videos, but the editor always cuts them off when an ad is playing. That's really annoying because you can't see the ad. Otherwise, they're great. I'm thinking of getting your mentorship.
  4. @andrewschaeffer4438 [1 likes]: @16:42 Do you have a guideline for how different an ad could be from the product or service you want to advertise, or do you just look at any random ads that are doing well and aren't in the same industry+niche?
  5. @andrewschaeffer4438 [1 likes]: Great material. keep up the good work. very thorough
  6. @DakotaBearofficial [1 likes]: another great video, any thoughts on the new feature that allows mets to force spend on creatives to give a little more chance to some of the creatives that may not get as much spend
  7. @thequantumlab [1 likes]: Amazing video again Nick! You always deliver 👌🏻 if im selling online courses which platform do u recommend to do the ad research? I see what u use is for ecom. Thx man!
  8. @Yuki-nj2df [1 likes]: Crazy value!
  9. @yammazakki [1 likes]: If I take a structure from another niche, and in that niche they don’t use a mechanism inside the ad, but in my niche it’s the correct approach, should I modify the structure to include that mechanism?

In general, with any structure, should I find a balance between following the core idea of the structure while adapting it to fit my niche?
  10. @freedom-online-2023 [1 likes]: Bro In One Campaign Method Meta Gives This Warning:- "Combine similar ad sets affected by fragmentation"?? What To Do???
  11. @freedom-online-2023 [1 likes]: Another Gold Mine Bro... 🙂... You are awesome...
  12. @marketingfastlanes [1 likes]: That Mr. Beast example in the beginning is spot on! 🤩

- The ONLY Facebook Ads Creative Strategy You Need in 2026: Kind: captions Language: en This e-comm brand is doing creative strategy right. And over the last couple months, they've been able to scale their business all the way up to a couple hundred thousand monthly visits. Sima is doing creative strategy in a way that I think every single person should be doing their creative strategy. So, going right into their top of funnel ads, starting off with this one right here. That starts off with this hook. This came off my skin after one shower. >> This came off my skin after one shower. And I'm This immediately goes ahead and creates curiosity to want to watch more. slightly disturbed. Turns out I'm slightly disturbed. It gives you more of the context of hey, is this curious good or bad? It's more towards the bad now, which even makes people want to watch more. that loofahs mostly just move bacteria around your body. I feel like this was a little too quick to start talking about other solutions and why the solutions are bad, but not necessarily bad or good. It's okay. So, I switched to the Sima shower towel with antibacterial fibers. [clears throat] We introduced the problem of what loofahs are doing. And then now we're showcasing the alternative, which is a Sima shower towel. It's long enough to scrub your entire back and legs and actually exfoliate. Demo, demo, demo. That's the key thing they're doing here with all of these different B-roll. After one shower, my skin felt insanely clean. How quickly will someone get a win with this product? Skin care lovers, you literally can't go back. Very good ad. Like I said, I think they just jumped into the loofah part a little too quick, but other than that, I think it's a solid ad. So, again, these are top of funnel ads. These ads right here are actually going ahead. They're capturing audiences' attention and stuff and introducing them to the idea of this particular product. Here's another good ad right here. Curiosity. And then kind of in a way right here highlighting a problem. You just scrubbed yourself clean and look at all all of this just nasty stuff right here, which immediately makes me question of like what's going on? Were you just like really dirty? What's up? Four reasons this towel changed my shower routine. Now, this one right here could be debatable of whether or not it's a middle funnel ad or more of a top of funnel ad, but the because of the fact that they start off with this factor right here, it creates a lot of curiosity. This curiosity right here, we're just seeing someone bathe. And then immediately we're showing this problem here of all this like dirty water and stuff, which creates the curiosity for pretty much anyone. People, pretty much everyone takes a bath, showers, and stuff like that. So, it immediately pulls people in. And then immediately goes into here. Four reasons Four reasons this towel changed my shower routine. We're not highlighting a benefit, we're not highlighting a problem or anything. We're just highlighting that this towel had an impact on my shower routine. And because everyone showers, now it creates more curiosity to learn more about this towel right here, which then starts to push people more from that top of funnel towards that middle funnel stage. reasons this towel changed my shower routine. [clears throat] Reason one, reach your back easily. Highlighting benefits of it. Reason two, smooth skin instantly. Reason three, antibacterial fibers, no more gross loofahs. Benefit, benefit, and then here highlighting why it's better than other products. Reason four, game changer for your shower routine. This is not really a benefit or a problem. I hate seeing game changer. I I think it doesn't it doesn't allow me to really understand what's game changing about it. So, what do people feel? Why do they call it a game changer? And what's the actual benefits they get for it to call it a game changer? Highlight those instead. routine. Removes dead skin, dries fast, and actually feels clean after every shower. A lot of good shots here. I also love the fact that they're having a good mix of like higher-end looking shots mixed in with like more of like UGC style shots. towel. Get Sima now, 45% off plus free It also has a good brand and like tone to it, where it looks like they're selling to more of like a luxurious demographic versus just like lower-income looking people. Uh like like you can tell like a lower-income shower it's going to look way less lit. It's going to look darker in the room. It's going to maybe look a little like like some of those older like 2000s looking houses. Whereas a lot of these showers had like, you know, white, uh some nice tile in the background and stuff. Like this doesn't This kind of looks eh, but because that is nice the shower looks, it kind of hits that higher-income like this person right here. Another higher income and stuff like that. It doesn't look like it's bad. So, uh again, another good top of funnel ad here. And then let's see what this next one is. Buy this if you enjoy having back acne. You're scrub- Don't buy this if you have back acne. We're immediately calling out a group of people that have back acne. And then now that instead of just going after in general people, we're going after a very specific avatar now. Rubbing with a loofah, barely reaching the middle, [clears throat] and rubbing damp bacteria right back into [music] your skin. The problem with the current solution now, and then now highlighting the new solution. >> sweat, product residue, and that's why back acne keeps [music] coming back and your skin never feels smooth. This is Sima's Japanese exfoliating shower towel. Not just a regular new towel, it's an exfoliating Japanese towel. It looks like a piece of fabric, but I've been using it for a month and I'm honestly disgusted by loofahs now. Extra long, so you can finally clean your entire back. Textured Japanese weave removes layers of dead skin your loofah can't touch, and it's Now it's just showing the back acne or back acne, it's also highlighting other key parts of the body, which is also cool. Silver infused, so it dries fast and doesn't trap bacteria. Once you exfoliate properly, everything changes. Smoother skin, fewer breakouts, lotion actually absorbs, [music] and you feel confident showing your back. I'm stocking up while they're still 45% off because these sell out [music] every single time they go viral. Really good ad. I like this. Now that you have people coming into your business and stuff, you've successfully called out the problem and then highlighted the solution and introduced your product and stuff, now your objective in your creative strategy is actually to help convert some of those people over. And your middle funnel style is part of your ad account. This is things that we're looking for that are like testimonials, objections, questions, all of these things right here. Here uh we have this ad from JessP78. This is probably a fake person. Uh I cleared my back acne in 2 weeks. There are the replies for the social proof and then like a few more replies. I really like this. I think this is cool. Um and then all we're simply doing is highlighting the product. Notice here we're assuming they already know what the product does and stuff. We don't need an explanation of the product because it's middle funnel. They've already seen some of our top of funnel ads and now they're going to middle funnel. From an ad account structure perspective, I put all of these in one campaign. I don't separate them. I also do advantage plus audiences, so I don't even go in select a middle funnel audience. I let Facebook do this work for me. This one's pretty cool, too, because this one actually highlights more so of the actual um like before and after style. Can be some sometimes a little dicey doing before and afters cuz of of ad account bans and stuff. Personally for me, I've been seeing a lot of just afters work, so I would literally just do a photo of just her back after. Um you don't even have to highlight after. I would literally just have a girl with a perfect-looking back, remove this before section, and just have this one photo, but like, you know, across the whole screen like that. With this same thing, my back my skin hasn't looked this smooth in 10 years. And that right there is going to be uh a really good ad to convey that benefit to people. And I also love the fact that it had little like sponge in the back uh at the bottom just because it helps add in that uh just like hey, it's for the product and stuff. Now that you have your middle funnel content, you've successfully helped convey people over. They have more trust with the brand. They're more interested in the brand and stuff. Now you go over to your bottom funnel content. In your bottom funnel content, this is people that have seen your ads, they've been to your website, they fully trust you, they're ready to buy. They're just waiting for a good sale. You'll notice these don't really highlight benefits, they don't highlight problems, they don't highlight testimonials or anything like that. It's just being very direct about um the actual like limited-time sale that people can get. And it's just talking about right here, 33% off, free gifts. This one actually goes ahead and re-hits on like the benefits again. Not necessarily a problem, not my go-to. Typically for me, I'm just highlighting, you know, this special offer, um the person offer is free gifts and stuff. Just because we make ads a certain way, doesn't mean everyone makes ads the same way. But um you know, for me, at this aware stage, bottom of funnel stage, that's all I'm really hitting on right there. Pretty much the same thing here. >> limited-time special offer, up to 33% off and free gifts. Say hello to Sima. Good scroll stopping hook. Kind of like what's going on here? Product in use. Again, they already know about our product, they've been to our website, all that stuff. And then here we're just highlighting the offer um or the discount, and that's it. Say hello to Sima, the all-natural antibacterial >> Now, this ad does pretty much the exact same as the last ad, just again different uh fully different intro or what we call in copywriting lead. Um but yeah, solid creative strategy right here. Do a good job at getting people into the funnel, building trust with people, and then moving people to the bottom of funnel side. Now is where are they driving traffic at here? And I actually really like their page. We'll we'll look at it from both ways. This is how it looks on mobile. Here we have some really good product photos here, where it shows someone using the product. Spa-like exfoliation at home. I would even highlight uh the main reason why people love this, which is going to be like that um like smooth skin. But not bad. Time to say goodbye to dead skin cells, clogged pores, no more chemical exfoliation, rough skin, and ingrown hair. Uh what experts say, Dr. Molina, certified skin and wellness expert. I would love to show like a full picture of her, maybe even holding one of these towels. I think that's going to look a lot better. Uh get radiant smooth skin in 1 week. Here just highlighting the different benefits and stuff or different features of it. I'm not sure if these little arrows right here or only like this because I'm previewing it on Google Chrome as mobile, but I would definitely be uh checking that on mobile as well. Just make sure that um this is not covering up these things. Then take results. I've been loving these percentages off. I've been seeing a lot of brands use these and I think it increases trust because it doesn't look perfect. Before and afters. There's only one before and after here. I would show at least like five or six more of these just to really build that like um trust through repetition. Here we have 4.8 stars, trusted customers, radiant smooth and silky skin with every shower. That's what I would have like right here, big. Made with all natural antibacterial silver that prevents 99% bacteria growth. This is good. I like this. Um very simple uh thing they're doing here. Uh you buy a one towel, you don't get any discount. You buy two towels, you get a 20% off discount. You buy three towels, you get 30% off. And then if you buy six towels, you get 45% off plus gifts. I love this. I just literally can't stand people who for one towel would do some type of discount here. I think it's just I hate doing that I think um you know, for me like I do not want to go ahead and incentivize someone for doing the bare minimum. So for me, you have to do something for me for me to give you more. Uh and they do an amazing job here. Six towels, you get 45% off plus gifts. Uh three towels, you get 30% off plus gifts. Notice how the gifts keep adding as you buy more. This is really smart right here. And then here you can select the towel colors, which is also cool. I like that they have this uh like this to make it a little easier for people. I'm actually very curious uh the results they did where it was like uh having that on the same page versus putting that to a new page. Easter savings for gifts worth $27, free shipping buff $40, 30-day money back guarantee, Easter sale, cool, ships by or Wednesday. All of this is really good right here. All very good stuff uh for the offer itself and the landing page. There's a revitalize your skin with every shower. Some videos here of the product in action. Notice the color differences between each of these sections here. It's not just a long block of text where a lot of people mess up at. If your page looks like a long block of text, like you're just asking for conversions to fall off. Before and afters. Uh I personally hate doing before and afters or like testimonial images where people have to scroll like this cuz a lot of people miss out on it. I like to put a bunch on the page that people have to scroll through to actually scroll their phone. Uh when it's scrollable like that, it converts way better. So like all of this, I would make it scrollable to where as people scroll down, they see all these pop up. And that's going to improve conversions by a lot. This is some type of dermatologist here. I don't know if this is real or fake, but it's a lot better than what we've seen in I think like 2 weeks ago where they just had like a dermatologist, but nothing with that dermatologist. This actually shows a dermatologist with the product holding the product and stuff. That's what I would love to put like right here. That would look a hell a lot better right here. Um because honestly, a lot of people are probably going to miss this. Here comparing loofah versus Sima. Sima's actually our loofahs are pretty popular now. So um are very popular. So they're just going after the main solution in the marketplace and showing why they're better. 30-day risk-free trial. Try for 30 days. If you don't love it, that's cool. I love that. Yeah, I can't say anything wrong with that. Yeah, this looks really good. Honestly, I like the page. I think the offer's solid. It gets people a quick You know, if you look at the uh desired outcome, it's hey, smoother, silky smooth skin. All that stuff. If you look at the time delay, they're claiming they're doing it within a week and after your first wash with it, you'll start getting some type of benefit just after the first wash. As far as removing like effort and sacrifice and stuff, there's really no that much effort and sacrifice here. Fact that actually just makes things easier you're already doing. So I think this is a very strong offer. I also love the fact that for like urgency, you know, your bonuses, your guarantees. They have a guarantee, which is great. Urgency. Um they have an Easter sale currently right now, which is cool. Uh looks like they're just basically rotating in different offers throughout the year. And then the other thing I love is that they're not discounting the base towel. This decent incentivizes those people purchasing this towel. You get no gifts and you get no discount. Don't be someone who gives a discount on a product for doing nothing. Incentivize people to take the actions you want to do. You're going to make a lot more money on the table by doing that. Overall, I think it's a solid offer. They have a really good creative strategy going on in their account, good landing page and stuff. The only thing I would I would test here is if we look back at like I think the first episode we did at this where we were looking at the um I think it's the hollow socks where they compare uh the I think it's called the they're like alpaca socks versus regular wool socks. I would be doing a listical page uh testing a listical page from creatives to that listical, then sending traffic to here. And on that listical itself, I would go ahead and compare loofahs versus this product right here. And how this product is all these different reasons better than a loofah. I think that would improve the conversion rate a lot uh for this particular funnel. I would also love to see some type of celebrity, some like Instagram influencers using this product to basically make it more of a household brand here um to help them further scale. So yeah, very solid brand, Sima. Highly recommend checking them out and everything. Um and if you guys are actually interested in me uh helping you create some of these ads like this, whether it's in my agency, we do all this for clients or inside my inner circle, we actually get on calls with you. I do it with you. And I simply preview your ad account, review your creatives, give you feedback and strategic uh advice specifically for your business instead of just you taking granular advice from these YouTube videos and trying to figure out how to apply it to yourself. Um all those links will be below. Thank you again for watching. Hit that like button. Hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. And I'll talk to you guys later. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @seekmorefitness798 [101 likes]: wtf, why are you clickbaiting your wiewers, this has nothing to do with creative strategy your litterly comenting over the ads.. this is not strategy.
  2. @curiousabouthealthythings [3 likes]: Hi, can you make a video on how to write script for video ads
  3. @emcrumpp [2 likes]: Hey Nick, I am trying to upload new creatives but it’s not letting me upload a version for feed and a version for story like you used to be able to. Not sure if there has been an update. Are you seeing the same? I don’t know how to upload ads because of this
  4. @ViktorLobkov-j9s [2 likes]: can you recommend a channel for local service ads or make a video on that? I don't want a generic Ben Heath video
  5. @davidemoretti5888 [1 likes]: What advice would you give for a clothing e-commerce site with a daily budget of €100 that offers multiple collections and products? For example, should I run a CBO campaign with separate ad sets—one for each collection (jackets, shirts, T-shirts, jeans)—or should I run a dedicated CBO campaign for each product type or collection? 

Thank you for your response, I love your contents. ☺
  6. @seleneashford2 [1 likes]: Do you produce videos in both 4:5 and 9:16 formats? If so, do you include both ratios within the same ad and tailor them to placements (e.g., 4:5 for feed and 9:16 for Stories)?
  7. @dogloverasmr0410 [1 likes]: Hi Nick, for some ad sets that just spend a few bucks over 30 days. Do you think that we should turn those ad sets cause it can weight our campaign or just leave them on as the funnel?
  8. @DylanTaylor-f1z [1 likes]: Hey Nick, When launching a new campaign do you recommend having multiple countries per campaign or one country per campaign?
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849 [1 likes]: Hi, I sell high-ticket furniture online across different categories like mirrors, coffee tables, buffets, etc. For each category, I only have 1–2 strong videos and a few good photos. Instead of making a separate campaign for each category with limited creatives, would it make sense in 2026 to group several categories into one broad Advantage+ campaign/ad set and mix my best creatives together, so Meta has more creative volume to work with? Would love your opinion....
  10. @DisciplineEcom [1 likes]: Hey nick thanks for the valuable content as usual, what do you use to estimate a website's traffic? how accurate is it? thanks

- Steps To Creating An Ad Campaign From Scratch: Kind: captions Language: en what's up YouTube if you're wanting to be an art director or a copywriter you probably know you need a portfolio to get a job you probably know that that portfolio needs to be made up of ad campaigns that show your thinking and problem-solving and you probably also know well that's easier said than done now up to this point I smacked together videos on what makes a good portfolio how to brainstorm the big ideas that live within that portfolio but I haven't given you that quick and easy guide to help you get started on that first campaign or that portfolio so this is that [Music] okay you want to start making an ad campaign but you don't know where the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to start well let's not overthink it the first step is to choose a client but as you know if you've been to a store if you've turned on a TV he'll even glance at the device that you're watching this video on there's a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ton of brands products and services are absolutely everywhere so what will you pick let me throw some personal suggestions at you to help you narrow down your list of clients for that very first campaign one do not choose a top brand cross Apple McDonald's Nike off your list world-class campaigns have already been done for them and they've been done to death it's much more impressive when you can show recruiters you can take a slightly more boring brand and make them dopant interesting do not start with automobiles clothing or food those categories can be a little tougher for your first one try to pick our product or service with a clear benefit for a starting point it'll be just easier to brainstorm around and 3 try to think of brands people have heard of but that aren't super top of mind the reason for that is when you choose a campaign for a product nobody's heard of you have to use a lot of the campaign idea explaining and teaching what that product is this can complicate the campaign from just that one simple big idea so whether you browse amazon.com or walk down the aisles of your local store start making a list of brands you think you can work include small durable products like contigo spill proof mugs disposable products like gorilla glue and large durable products like ring doorbells then spend some time briefly thinking about what's cool about the products you've chosen don't idea it yet but think about what stands out about how do you use it who uses it and that benefit doesn't have to be exciting in that's where you'll come in later once you've landed on your product it's time to think of ideas this is where majority of your time should be spent so do not blow past this step your ideation skills are the most important differentiator that will come through when you're competing against other newbies trying to land that ad or CW job amazing execution of your campaign means nothing if there's no for help brainstorming head over to my other videos on how to come up with a big idea and big idea questions for your next ad campaign those will give you a Lisa jumpstart into thinking about your brand in a different way remember to really dive into your audience and the opportunities that surround them and keep on thinking and so you can't think anymore then take a break come back and force yourself to think even more think that's different times of day in different locations it'll have different resorts once you've thought about a lot of stuff cycle back through and see what kind of jumps off the page pick out some of the stuff that you kind of like and then just start sketching little mini ads now that can be a little image or just a written out headline it can be anything but try to make three of these little mini ads you will quickly find out if your idea only works once or if it has legs to be bigger across multiple ads if your idea starts to grow into multiple adaptations under the same umbrella you're on to something special now it's time to take that idea and play with it on the computer unless your idea naturally fits in a particular medium like social media I recommend starting in print put together a 9 by 12 inch Photoshop document or an illustrator artboard and get going try to create a series of three print ads and do your best not to fall into that Carbon Copy trap where all three of your ads are pretty much the same make sure that they can all stay on separately but all ladder back to that one overarching big idea once you've got your ads together it's time to push it 3 print ads are unfortunately not enough anymore it's time to push your idea to become a 360 degree campaign what other mediums can your idea live across digital guerrilla tactic social Radio billboard and store Direct Mail event try pushing it across all of it an extra credit if you don't absolutely go insane on budget it's nice to see agency newcomers who strategically solves a problem with at least some constraints mock stuff up or actually make the thing and go and shoot it this is the time to get your hands dirty even if it's fake make it real alright when it's all wrapped up you're gonna have all these scattered pieces so now what you've got to create this story this cell figure out how you want to present your work an idea strategically order your work on your website so that it's easy to scroll through presenting your idea fluidly is extremely important so all that hard work you just did isn't for nothing oh and if there's a piece you're a hundred percent proud of excluded it might be that something you created at the beginning just doesn't live up to the rest of the campaign that you created later don't let one piece weaken your campaign I wish you the best of luck and what I know can be a really intimidating time where you're just trying to really figure things out once you get started it's easy to work hard and be passionate and excited about what you're doing don't let that taper off by the end of your campaign finish strong I'd rather you spend a ton of time and effort making three badass campaigns than by two mediocre one this whole thing is a quality game the quality of your idea and your execution hold equal weight I have the utmost confidence in full steam ahead and keep you posted on how you do subscribe like comment if you wish and and

  Top Comments:
  1. @Charlotte_Mancl [2 likes]: I had to like this video because it was at, 666 likes. LOL
  2. @naturally_danii [2 likes]: Thank you for this! The breakdown is super helpful
  3. @S3CR3CY: How do I make an ad camping and promote it without a budget
  4. @tondra-q4l: The "messy first step" idea is pure genius! It's relieving to know that progress trumps perfection when first launching a campaign. Thanks for the motivation and the clear, actionable steps!
  5. @reybaleffler: That "messy first step" approach is exactly what I needed to hear – it's about launching and learning, not waiting for perfection! Thanks for making ad campaign creation feel less intimidating and more actionable.
  6. @brinhildahersey: The "messy first step" is the real key – it's so freeing to know you don't need a perfect plan from the outset! Thanks, Kevin, for making ad campaign creation feel achievable.
  7. @theobaldeubanks: That "messy first step" approach is gold – takes away the fear of starting and encourages actual progress. Thanks for the practical guide; it's exactly what I needed!
  8. @KatrinaSmith-o2r: That "messy first step" is a game changer—it's like permission to experiment and iterate without the pressure of perfection. Thanks for the practical advice, Kevin!
  9. @oriana-j3x: Love how you broke down the initial campaign creation into manageable steps, especially that "messy first step"—takes the pressure off needing to be perfect right away!
  10. @jakeb-n9v: That "messy first step" concept is so important – it's all about progress, not perfection, when starting a campaign.
  11. @luciannagoguen: Love the emphasis on just getting started and embracing the "messy first step"—so relatable when facing a blank campaign canvas!
  12. @Voncile-l8k: This video really demystifies the process! It's reassuring to see a structured approach to tackling the initial chaos of a new campaign. Thanks for sharing your expertise, Kevin!
  13. @choum-e1j: Great breakdown! Focusing on that first messy step is key to getting the ball rolling. I'll definitely be referencing this when building out my next campaign.
  14. @aidentaillard: Thanks this helped a lot
  15. @rain_dusk: bro looks like bonzo from fishing with flair
  16. @siddhantkorde: if not clothing, food and cars. what are some products you recomed taking. really helpful video, thank you so much
  17. @Jarv.01: Hey man, I’m a business owner looking for someone to run campaigns for the business. Do you know anyone?
  18. @Isaac-tc6rt: Great Video
  19. @haranvinod6634: I don't understand how to start making a campaign
  20. @lydchase9502: https://youtube.com/watch?v=mUgxkX5-VRc&feature=share

- How To Launch a Successful Marketing Campaign - Marketing for Small and Medium Sized Business: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody welcome back let's talk about how to launch a successful marketing campaign marketing is a lot like rocket science you can have lofty goals crazy ambition crunch the numbers but if you don't execute flawlessly everything's gonna blow up on the launch pad you're not gonna get anywhere and you will have wasted a ton of money planning and launching a successful marketing campaign can be a daunting challenge but believe me it pays to do it right so in this video i'm gonna share with you seven steps that are gonna help you create the most effective campaign possible avoiding everything going up in smoke and leaving you broke step one i want you to begin with the end in mind analyze your business what are you lacking do a little bit of a swot analysis so strengths weaknesses opportunities and threats but pay close attention to the weaknesses and the threats and then you want to identify your goals the kpis the key performance indicators of your marketing campaign these are things like brand awareness lead generation lead nurturing customer acquisition customer retention and revenue and sales think about what is going to be your best case scenario after your marketing campaign or what could be your worst case scenario after the marketing campaign you want to really look ahead and try to predict the future to prepare yourself for setting up your campaign step number two is where we get into campaign planning you have to decide on whether you're doing a promotion campaign so that's ads and or attraction marketing content marketing inbound marketing and if it's a mix how much of each you also want to set your time frame when are you going to start when are you going to start testing when are you going to start running the campaign when you're going to end it and when are you going to evaluate it don't lock yourself up into unreasonable time frames that will increase your chances of being rushed and decrease your chances of success if you don't have time to really iterate and test along the way one of the things that's very helpful to do in planning your campaign is to set up a racy structure which is a raci structure for the team that's involved in the campaign racy stands for responsible accountable consulted and informed people who are responsible are the people who are going to be responsible for the ads and the content and making decisions the people who are accountable are the ones who are going to be the accountable people for the actual results of the campaign people who are consulted are gathering and evaluating input and feedback from other people and they are consulted on the decisions that are being made throughout the campaign people who are informed are actually just simply being told what's happening and they don't particularly have any decision-making rights or input rights this helps streamline the process and it eliminates uncertainty about who's responsible for what during the campaign number three is identifying your milestones this is figuring out and deciding how you're going to define success what are you going to be tracking what kind of common metrics are you going to use so for brand awareness you track things like traffic and impressions shares reach in followers or subscribers visits to your website downloads mentions and media coverage if you're trying to get lead generation you track things like form fills and calls and contacts to your sales team if you're looking for increasing lead nurturing you track things like the number of follow-up touches or time to sales or close rates if you're looking at customer acquisition you're going to look at things like average close rates and customer acquisition costs and average sales value if you're tracking things like customer retention you'll look at customer lifetime value retention rates churn rates and then of course you're also going to be tracking the metric of revenue or sales and you do that through monthly and quarterly reports step number four is planning your budget this is how much you're actually going to spend on the marketing campaign you want to make sure that you're keeping your eye on cost per click and click conversions compared to the revenue that's being generated for instance if your cost to generate a conversion is twenty dollars and your product cost is actually fifty dollars you're not going to be in business very long if that's the way you're going about it you also have to allow time for testing and ramp ups this is where you do a number of smaller ad buys and evaluate initial traction and costs and optimize creative and copy before you narrow down to the creative that's performing the best and then committing to larger budgets behind that creative and finally will your budget actually get you to where you want to go you have to crunch those numbers step number five in setting up your marketing campaign is that you want to choose your channels this is what channels should you be appearing on one of the best ways to save time is to do an audit of your competition in their marketing what platforms are they on what does it look like they're actually spending on their marketing now you also want to think about where are your customers and this can be a hard question one of the best ways to answer this question is to actually ask your customers do some quantitative consumer research to determine what are the most popular platforms that they happen to be using what platforms do you really need to be on everyone wants to be everywhere but certain platforms are more expensive than others linkedin i'm looking at you or some have really unreliable metrics when it comes to judging the effectiveness and success of your campaigns twitter i am looking at you step number six is you want to execute your plan this is where you're going to launch and after you launch you want to make sure that you're going into it slowly you're testing you're evaluating because metrics don't lie you want to refine your creative and refine your copywriting and refine your audience targeting over time and as you kind of narrow down and tweak your ad sets then you want to put more money behind it in the budget and then you want to repeat be sure to have all of that back-end functionality set up before you start this so make sure you have your landing pages set up your email nurturing sequences your customer service and your sales representatives are on call and ready to go you want to have coverage on your phone and your dms and your text and your email and your social media profile communication lines you want to have that back end functionality so when you start your marketing campaign and anyone is reaching out taking action or contacting you you have the mechanisms in place to respond to that there is nothing worse for sales and the business and the brand's reputation than getting a lead and not responding appropriately and finally step number seven is you want to optimize your results it's important to use data and use analytics that you're going to tweak your campaigns with for better results you want to be sure to have these stakeholders and the employees in place that are going to be gathering and analyzing the results of your campaign you need to be closely watching large volumes of data and interpreting them constantly you're going to be using your ad dashboards google analytics for site traffic you're going to be looking at comments and emails and subscriptions the list goes on now i frequently see clients who are glued to the analytics when the campaign is in the test mode but once it starts running and the budget is really put behind it they don't seem to wash it as closely and budgets can drain away while an ad set or some other activity has stopped returning really great results and when that happens it should really be stopped and re-looked at and things should get tweaked and refreshed so be very careful that once your campaign starts running you're making sure that you are staying on top of it and really continuing to look at the analytics so in conclusion following these seven steps are going to help you create the best chance of launching a really successful and awesome marketing campaign and if you do it they're going to send you right into the stratosphere and you are going to be a king of rocket science so that's it i hope you like this video and how to launch a successful marketing campaign and if you did like it hit that subscribe button and make sure to bang that notification spell so you can get alerted when i post something new or when i go live and if you need help with your branding or your marketing campaigns reach out to me at philippandewson.com and let's get your business to lift off and head right into the stratosphere and with that thanks again for watching bye for now [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @GrowWithWill [5 likes]: Step 4- Planning your budget is a critical step. You don't want to get so far into your process and realize it's too much to handle and be forced to quit along the way.
  2. @LaurieHubert-o1c [2 likes]: Thank you so much.
  3. @AdrianaBrathwaite-i9v [2 likes]: Thank you very much so much for this video. Very interesting.
  4. @erichepperlewp: very informative! Curious how this could extrapolate to solopreneur who likely has zero-money to spend on ads, and will be doing whatever they can to grow brand presence?
  5. @PostcardPoetess: That was a great one!!
  6. @ilssecastillo5561: Super helpful, thanks for this video!
  7. @LubošNavrátil-m4u: Pomohlo mi to pochopit celý proces kampaně
  8. @MachielKamerling: Very interesting.
  9. @kaydiankerr: love love this, thanks Philip
  10. @manikkhan7946: Sir i was sent request in your facebook group....please accept my request
  11. @dashiajames1882: Ooooo this will definitely help me. Thanks..!!
  12. @imagicarolina: Thank you.
  13. @toroitichpatrickyegon4866: Great presentation here. Continue creating such great content.

- How to Use Meta Ads to Explode Amazon Sales (Step-by-Step Strategy): Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you you could boost your Amazon rankings, increase sales, collect customer data, and get 10% back on every single order? All of this is possible using Amazon attribution. Now, the issue is most Amazon brands suck at doing external traffic and actually using Amazon attribution properly. So, in this video, I'm going to break down specifically a new meta ads framework that we composed that can boost your Amazon ranking and increase your external traffic. So, if you're running PPC but ignoring meta, you're missing out a big opportunity and this is something you want to implement right away. Now, what am I even talking about? Well, as you know, Amazon is super competitive nowadays. Okay, we're relying so much on PPC. Our margins are cut short because of competitors and overall we are unable to grow our brand. You know, we know every year cost per click goes up, more competition, Amazon's eating into fees. You know, the number one driver for Amazon for their revenue is Amazon PPC and we're pretty much losing uh losing game if we keep on relying on PPC. That's why we must develop an external traffic method to further boost our sales and not just rely on Amazon. Now, this is why we use something like meta ads. Okay, so let me break down exactly what this means. So, meta ads does a few things for us. Okay, it can boost your Amazon rankings through external traffic Amazon rewards. I'll break down exactly why this is very very important. It'll increase your sales velocity and brand visibility. Obviously, more brand awareness and also it'll build your email pixel data for retargeting and lookalike audiences. Now, let me explain this further. Amazon now follows an A10 algorithm. Okay. Now what this means is they have shifted from ranking factors to prioritize organic engagement and external traffic over paid advertising. So typically how the system works was that you have a lot of sales on given keywords and Amazon will increase your ranking for that. Now that is still prominent nowadays on Amazon 100%. But the new method is they're relying much more on other factors. Now what are these factors? External traffic matters more. So Amazon literally rewards you uh and your products that bring in traffic from Google, social media and influencers. Now why do they do this? because you're bringing in new customers onto their platform, which obviously they want. They look into other products and overall they have more customers who probably don't buy on Amazon for whatever reason, but they want to bring more traffic onto it. So, they reward you for it. And what this does is organic sales have a stronger impact on rankings than PPC. Paid ads alone are no longer enough to improve rankings. So external traffic has gained such a big thing in the ecosystem where if you bring in tons from off of Amazon, they will reward you with more uh ranking on keywords, your bestseller rank will go up and all sorts. So it's literally a win-win of implementing this right away. If you have a look at the biggest brands on Amazon nowadays, from Primal Queen to so many different supplement brands, you'll see that they're doing millions in revenue. And it's not because of PPC. A bunch of these brands, for example, are running Tik Tok shop, okay? And they're getting tons and tons of external traffic. Now, how they're dominating on Amazon is because they're funneling so many new customers onto the platform which Amazon rewards as you see it's external traffic and they give you higher ranking on Amazon's organic keywords. This is very very important. So, we want to maximize every opportunity for external traffic. But I know for most Amazon sellers, it is sort of foreign territory. They've been doing PPC forever, SEO, you know, making new products, but they haven't really dabbled into external traffic because they feel like their DDC site just does not work for whatever reason. So, why does Meta plus Amazon work specifically so well? Well, consider this. Meta's 3 billion when users combined with Amazon's purchase intent creates a powerful growth engine. Okay? External traffic signals quality to Amazon's algorithm, resulting in ranking boost and increased organic visibility. Hey, if you're an Amazon seller serious about scaling your business on Amazon, we're offering a free in-depth audit of your brand. We'll cover exactly what's working, what's not working, and give you a plan of action to efficiently scale. So, it should be the first link in the bio and also in the comments, and we'll get that forward to you. Now, let's get back to the video. So, how does this all work? Well, it all works through something called Amazon attribution. So, this is pretty much your non-Amazon campaigns measured. And this is what directly showcases to us the results from our offtraffic Amazon marketing campaigns. So, how does this work is pretty much inside your advertising uh platform, you have pretty much a link of Amazon attribution. Now, what this does is it gives us direct access to measure and track our actual performance off of Amazon. So, pretty much who can use it? Anyone that's brand registered or sells on Amazon obviously. And what are the benefits of it? you drive more efficient marketing, uncover growth opportunities, and pretty much optimize your campaign's performance. And the number one thing is Amazon gives you literally 10% back for every single purchase you get from this. So, if I can go up somewhere here, they probably have it somewhere here. Um, let me show you right now. So, if you read this, pretty much you earn a bonus on product sales you drive from marketing efforts wherever they spend time. So, this is called the brand referral bonus program and allows you to earn a bonus averaging 10% of product sales driven by non-Amazon marketing efforts. So, Amazon attribution. Now, obviously, this helps you, but this isn't the main reason why we want to do it because it's 10% is cool, but we want to grow our overall brand, it's the external traffic method and pretty much getting more sales onto Amazon where they grow your organic ranking where instead, if you didn't do this, you're just relying on PPC. You're over bidding on keywords and your margins are just slim. By bringing in external organic traffic that converts at a much higher ROI uh than just running Amazon PPC, you naturally get higher margins, more sales, 10% back, and Amazon gives you higher organic ranking. So, you're getting a lot more organic sales. It's literally a win-win if you do it right. Now, this all sounds good in practice, but how do we actually do this? Well, first, let me go over the critical mistake most sellers would make doing this, and I feel like a lot of people are currently doing this, and their campaigns outside of Amazon are not performing as well. Number one thing is we don't want to send cold traffic directly to Amazon. So for example, if we're running meta ads uh campaigns and creatives and pretty much the CTA is to our Amazon listing. Now why this is an issue is because we are not warming or nurturing the buyer up before they go onto our listing, which means you have no pixel tracking. Meta can't optimize consistently. If you don't know how Meta Meta works, it's a constant optimization. You spend money. Meta eventually picks up after a month um who your ideal ICP is, who's clicking, who's not, and it pretty much automatically integrates perfectly and builds you your proper ICP. But the issue is if we send cold traffic directly to Amazon, we cannot track that because that's Amazon's data and we have nothing to build our pixel off. So that's one main issue. But obviously the issue is we're not nurturing our actual buyer. Let me show you what that means in real time. So for example, let's say we are running meta ads for this product and the ad pretty much leads to your Amazon product detail page. Now, why this does not work as well and won't be as effective is because once we're here, they are not nurtured enough to actually want to buy the product. Like, they'll see the Amazon listing and everything, but what you must consider is there's tons and tons of other listings here of competitors, right? You'll see so many competitors here. I don't know why it's showing me this, but these competitors of other similar products. They might have a better deal, more reviews, cheaper price points. So, what might happen here is they go here, they see a better deal, they click on your competitors, and they buy your competitor product. So pretty much you spent money on the ad but you turn it into a conversion for your competitors. Now we do not want that obviously because then your competitor gets the sale, they got a high organic ranking and you have no organic ranking. Your attribution does not go up. You don't get any 10% nothing. So that's why we must have a nurture process before they get onto our Amazon listing to increase the chances that they convert into an actual buyer. So how do we do this? We use a bridge landing page. Okay, this pretty much pre-warms the visitors um in your pixel gets more and more information and more and more nurtured and it filters out lowquality traffic before Amazon and this should result in a 2 to 3x higher conversion rate. So to reiterate the point, why did not send cold traffic straight to Amazon? You lose all tracking and optimization. Amazon doesn't share the the Metapixel data. Meta can't learn who buys. So we can't optimize for the future for who we should target and your CPMs and your CPAs rise. So this is what pretty much your your cost per clicks and stuff on Meta. Next thing is cold traffic doesn't convert. Meta users are in scroll mode. They're not in buying mode. Low trust, high bounce. They go straight to your Amazon listing. They see other listings. They're not sold yet. Maybe they buy your competitors. So, you have no education or preframing. The landing page pretty much allows us to uh give a story, proof, positioning why our product is so much better than competitors. Okay. Your Amazon page can only do this so much. So, another thing is no retargeting or if you want to run an email capture, you can't do that without a proper landing page. And pretty much you have no funnel control. We want to control everything in this. So the result of a landing page is it pre-sells and war uh warm traffic and results in a two to threex higher conversion on Amazon. So let's look at this in real time. So everyone knows Anker. Anker is pretty much the biggest brand on Amazon. And here is what their meta ad and their landing page to the Amazon listing looks like in real time. So this is one of the products, the Sollex C300 D. It's like for hiking and everything. So pretty much this is the landing page. So imagine you have meta ads and and you make creatives and someone clicks and it leads them to this page first. Okay. Now, if you look on this page, they have the buy on Amazon button. This is pretty much your Amazon attribution link. So, when they buy on Amazon, we can track that data. But this entire page, the entire point of this landing page is to nurture the buyer to hit buy on Amazon. They're much much warmer and they're already going to buy your product. So, let's have a look at this real time. Have a look at this landing page. It shows all the benefits of this product in real time. Look at that. Like, this is really high quality, right? Here are all the benefits of the product. Three ways to recharge, lights built inside, long-lasting energy, and this is like a $300 product, right? So they're nurturing nurturing everything here again more the entire landing page is selling this product when you can use it what time what the ICP is what are the benefits you know recharging what are the specs uh what are some testimonials right it really varies across what product you're going to sell but our landing page is meant to pretty much nurture them so if they click they are going to buy our product now if you have a look here that was really good they showed us all the benefits so pretty much imagine you're a customer you went through an ad creative on maybe on Instagram or Facebook you click the ad it takes you to the landing page, you see all these benefits and you're like, "Wow, this is pretty cool." Now, you have two options here for the product, right? Buy on Amazon, buy on Amazon. So, now the point is when they hit buy on Amazon, they're nurtured much, much more than if you just sent them straight from the ad to the Amazon listing. Now, they're here. They're much more nurtured. They see your images and listing. Make sure obviously this all optimized. Very similar to how your landing page looks like. And there should be a much higher chance that they convert into an actual buyer. Now, you have the Amazon attribution 10% off. Amazon tracks it. You get the sale. We can track through the pixel how it works. and then Amazon will give you higher organic ranking. This is a total win-win. And this is a situation what we want to do for every single person who sells on Amazon versus if we send them straight to this listing. You go here and then you maybe look at other options because they'll just scroll through these, right? The attention span is so small nowadays. The scroll to see other cheap options and they might not convert. This is a perfect example of a good landing page leading to conversion. Let's have a look at another example. This is another brand Yui and this is like an anchor. Everyone in the market is super cheap and the customer can't really tell why your product is so much better. So you sell 300, 400, 500, $600, right? So this process will really help you nurture and increase your conversion rate on Amazon. Okay? Like this is I'm getting sold on everything. I'm sold on like everything. So if I hit buy on Amazon, I'm pretty much more nurtured to the point to buy this product. And this is a $300 product. Now look at what they're doing. I think they're crushing it. They're doing 533,000 in sales with this. Okay. Now, the images are going to be the same as the landing page. It's going to be like very similar. You don't want to make it too different. Everything is very similar. Then you have A+ content to further sell it. This is perfect. This is literally perfect. This is what you want to do. This is how they do so well on the platform. So, what would this look like in real time if you were to start this out? If you don't have a meta account or pixel or you haven't run any ads from there, you need a lot of data first for the pixel to understand who your ICP is. So, month one, we we recommend at least a $100 daily budget to really increase your spend and get your pixel going. I only recommend this if you're an Amazon brand that's already doing well. You're doing over 100K, 200k, 300k a month, but you feel like you're stuck on the platform. um you're spending too much money on PPC, your margins are shrinking, the fees are crushing you, right? And you're trying to figure out a more profitable way to grow. This is perfect because you have probably tons of creatives, tons of data, and you have a whole new advertising budget. So, you set aside advertising budget for Meta, start running the ad creatives, um create the landing page to nurture your your product, why people should buy it, and hopefully they go your listing, they buy your product, you get the 10% back, you see an increase in your organic ranking, your bestseller rank will go up, and you'll see a lot more organic sales. Now, if eventually month two, month three, month four, month five, when it starts working really really well, you have a whole new engine where you're not just relying on PPC and you're pretty much crushing your your category if you do it really really well. Because then we can also uh introduce retargeting ads for people that go into our landing page but don't click our Amazon listing, trying out new methods, static ads, the video ads, everything. Once you have this nailed down, it will work really, really well and you will just dominate your category. We recommend Stonia with one hero product, your best one that pretty much has the best uh value proposition. It's different in the market and we know we can do a lot of stuff with creatives for it. In terms of retargeting, it will look like something like this. They click our listing, but then they don't convert into our Amazon product page. So, pretty much we have hot traffic, they're still thinking, here's why customers love it. Send them retargeting ads. You've seen ads. You've click a listing. You've seen all the ads just pop up all over the place, right? Warm traffic, 8 to 30 days, we're back in stock. See why it's trending. Give us some sort of coupon, some sort of deal. um give some sort of benefit. Um dynamic retargeting, so many things. And this is stuff that's very hard on Amazon. You can obviously do sponsor display ads, but you're always going to be in competition with your other competitors on the Amazon platform. So, we need this sort of uh Metapixel ad creative landing page. So, we are not competing with anybody. It's just us that when they click onto our listing, we want to make sure even before they click onto our Amazon product page that they're already sold on the product. That is the number one thing. We don't want them scrolling down looking at better options. They look at the main stuff. They look at A+ content or main images and everything, pricing, and they just buy the product. So, this is typically what a 90-day growth timeline will look like. Month one is the foundation. Test out like I would say not even three to five, 10 creatives, 10 creatives, static ads, maybe UDC content. See what works. We need to test out stuff. See what works. Okay, it takes a while. This is the this is why I recommend if you're a brand already doing Amazon, then you look into this method. Okay? Uh landing page also make three variations of a landing page. See which one converts the best. It's a constant optimization. Then after month one, we probably have an idea of which creatives work the best, which landing pages convert the best. And this is what we do. We kill the losing creatives, double down on the winners, just like Amazon PPC at all times. Month three, hopefully we get a lot of sales. We're scaling. Increase the budget over time on profitable campaigns. We want to increase the spend. Um maybe if you're spending too much on PPC, spend more money here because it's becoming more profitable and it's helping your ROI much much more. This is very, very important. Once you identify one a winning formula, then we can do it for your other products and your other products and it'll be an absolute game changer for you in the long run if you nail this down. So, how would you go about doing this? Obviously, master meta ads. If you don't know how to do it, take the ads, make sure you know how to do it, create winning creatives, understand how that works, a new landing page, build your first funnel. Obviously, we do this at our company. We help you out with this. We've built out blueprints for this specifically. That's why I'm here telling you about this process because it's very hard. This is the modern way to scale on Amazon in 2025 and beyond. The A10 algorithm wants external traffic methods. All the big brands are already not just relying on Amazon PPC. They're doing UGC content, IG creators, meta ads, Google ads, Tik Tok affiliates, everything. Those are the brands who are absolutely crushing it while you're stuck relying just on PPC, which goes up every year. Your conversion rates low, your margins are shrinking. This is very, very important. If you nail this, you will see such a big change in your business that will never be seen before. So, if you need help implementing this in your business, we are currently in the process of making this entire thing and helping out brands. Typically, if you do over 100K a month on Amazon, you are good to go for this process because you have enough margin, you have enough ad spend to even test out the meta ads as we recommend like 3 to,000 to 5,000 just for testing out and building your pixel out. That is very, very important also for the landing page, the ad creatives, everything. But once you do it well, it's going to be amazing. Make sure your actual Amazon listing is strong obviously because we don't want to send traffic from ad creatives and amazing landing page and they go to your Amazon listing page and we have five reviews 10 reviews at a 3.7 star that's going to automatically lower conversion rate. That's why we want only want to do this for our top selling products that are crunchy on the platform already. Let me know your thoughts on all this. If you want to scale on Amazon also with all sort of PPC SEO design catalog, we helped you out with that too. Hit the link and buy it for the website and let me know your thoughts on all this. Peace out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EcemAslan-k7u [2 likes]: when sending Meta Ads traffic to a landing page before Amazon, is it necessary to implement Conversion API, or is it generally enough to track the “Shop on Amazon” button click as the conversion event with the Meta pixel and optimize for that?
  2. @spudgy1 [1 likes]: But isn't the pixel still blind to the conversion rate on amazon, even if customers go through a landing page?
  3. @OdLuisMarcano: Great video 
I didn't know Anker's products
Their landing page is great
  4. @marcelo31589: thanks for the video. how my meta ads pixel will track purchase event to become more intelligent and bring more sales?
  5. @manamisaha: Do you work on amazon kdp..I mean only books
  6. @NirvanaHarvest: what about ad objective click ads vs sales what should i do? does this even work for low price products like grocery segment?
  7. @thinkcartology: This is a game changer for Amazon sellers. Using Meta Ads to drive external traffic and boost A9 rankings makes total sense, and the 10% Brand Referral Bonus is just icing on the cake. The breakdown on landing pages, pixel tracking, and retargeting is exactly the kind of strategy most sellers overlook. Definitely worth implementing if you want to scale profitably.
  8. @stickerly.shopping: Hi Don't have brand registry how can I do then ?? In India they're giving amazon attribution to registered brand only
  9. @puneetbang4478: But even after creating a landing page, buyer can see competitors products right? So how to counter that?
  10. @AmazioWorks: Work With Us To Increase Your Sales On Amazon
👉 https://growth.amazioworks.com/audit

- 💰 eCommerce Success With Meta Ads: How It Affects Overall Digital Marketing Efforts: Kind: captions Language: en How do meta ads impact my overall u e-commerce performance? >> Yeah, I mean uh meta can be very powerful. powerful. uh you know it can uh of course um increase your traffic, increase your your order. It it kind of boosts the search uh volume especially the branded search uh for Google uh can help with remarketing. Um so it's really a powerful uh platform. uh it's often it sometimes they won't get the credit but sometimes it can be the first touch for uh someone to discover um the your brand and then purchase later on Google or in directly or any other way. So uh usually met M meta has a a large impact not on all business but most business do see a big lift in uh using meta just because uh the algorithm is so powerful and there's so many people on uh Facebook, Instagram and their other platform that uh it's a really uh it's usually one of the main uh platform for most businesses. >> Yeah. Okay. Uh okay. Thank you. Next one is um how can I conduct my own test to determine the uh true impact of meta on my Google ads performance? >> Um I guess my the easiest thing would be to uh completely pause pause meta for like a week or two and see if you uh how how much brand search volume um you get. If you see a drop, then that means probably Meta was feeding some of the brand uh branded search. you can look at your uh ROS on Google on Google and just again your overall um revenue how it's uh being affected on your uh business. So, um yeah, either like pause uh meta or or or do a big uh jump, maybe double your budget or something like that. Uh make sure it takes it has time to optimize and then see how it um how how your branded search volume uh go up uh once you raise your budget and um yeah, your branded search. >> This is what I look at on Google. >> Yeah. Okay. And the last one is uh this is a question based on the the last video uh about prospecting and remarketing. So is prospecting and remarketing still relevant for lead generation accounts? >> I'd say yes. Uh it's often less effective than ecom. I think it's worth uh trying at least you can try you know all your um middle funn all your warm audience. Um so all your followers, video viewers, uh engagers, uh emails, site viewers, all all the warm audience, you can you can try this or just the recent people that just engaged with the page in the last uh few days or visited the website or opened the form in the last seven days or so. But uh often uh lead genen uh will uh remarketing will uh be less effective or will not work. So don't be surprised with that. Uh I think the main reason behind that is that it's less of a big of a big decision to just you know fill out the form versus uh taking out their credit card and purchasing uh something. So it's more like a first visit and there's um sometimes people make their their decision decision quicker. Uh but um yeah also some um you know Meta will do some remarketing by itself uh with your prospecting with lead genen. Uh so you know there's some uh you can look at your frequency uh to see how much uh remarketing is is happening even on your uh prospecting link genen. So that's something to keep in mind. I would say give it a try but um don't expect to have uh phenomenal results uh with it like you can get in in ecom. I don't want you to have to go through the work to do this, but do you have an idiot's guide to like L0, L1, L2, L3?

- Meta vs Google Ads: What Works Best for Ecommerce in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Running an e-commerce store and not showing whether you should use meta ads or Google ads. Choosing the wrong one could waste you thousands of dollars or slow down your growth to a crawl. In this video, I'm going to show you when to use each one and how to combine them to grow profitably no matter what stage you're at with your e-commerce store. Let's dive in. Okay, guys. Let's start with a simple breakdown. Meta first. This includes Facebook and Instagram. These platforms run on interruption-based marketing. People aren't searching for your product, they're scrolling. So your job, interrupt the scroll in a way that feels natural, helpful, or even fun. Now, Google Ads works completely differently. Instead of interrupting a scroll, you're showing your ads right when they're searching for exactly what you're selling. This is what we call intentbased marketing. And when done right, it's one of the most powerful tools that an ecom brand can use. So, when should you use these two platforms? Let's start with Meta. Meta ads are most effective when you want to launch a new product that people haven't seen before. Get your brand in front of people that have never heard of you. Quickly test different hooks, messages, and creatives, or trigger those impulse buys with strong visuals and storytelling. In short, Meta is where you manufacture demand, not fulfill it. And here's something that most beginners don't hear enough. Meta is a creative first platform. If your ad looks like an ad, you've already lost. People scroll right past it. Your CPMs go up, clickthrough rate tanks, and suddenly you think that meta doesn't work when really your ad didn't earn attention. So, what makes a great meta ad? Let's break it down. First, it stops the scroll. That means bold movement, a weird visual, or something that hits emotionally right away. If it doesn't grab attention in the first second, it's gone. Second, it sparks curiosity or connection. The viewer should instantly think, "Wait, is this for me? Is this solving a problem that I've actually had?" That moment of personal relevance is everything. Third, they deliver value fast. Show the transformation. Hit the benefit. Make the viewer feel, okay, this actually works. That's the difference between someone swiping past your ad and someone clicking, buying, and sharing it. Let's say that you're selling a self-cleaning dog brush. You're running a video ad. First shot, someone outside brushing their golden retriever. Fur is flying everywhere, all over their clothes, all over their backyard. And then boom, next clip. A different brush removes the fur with zero mess. The viewer thinks, "That's a real problem that I have." And this brush actually works. Now they want it. That's meta. And we've created demand in 5 seconds. Now Google, this is a whole different story. People go to Google with a purpose. They're actively searching to solve a problem, compare options, or make a purchase. They type things like best sandals for plantar physus, buy dog bed orthopedic XL, waterproof backpack for laptop. If your product fits and your ads show up, you're halfway there to the sale. Now, let's look at the different ways that an ecom store can show up on Google. First, search ads. These are the text ads that show up at the top when someone searches with a keyword. They catch people that are ready to buy. Next, we have shopping ads. They show your product image, price, and store right there in the search results. Third, we have Performance Max. These are smart campaigns that run across Google, YouTube, Gmail, and more. They use automation to try to find the best places to show your ads. So, when is Google Ads a right fit? It's ideal if you're selling something that solves a clear problem or meets a strong desire, if people are already searching for your keywords, or if you found a product to market fit and you want to scale profitably. Here's a pro tip. If people are already googling what you have to sell, don't waste time on trying to build awareness on Meta first. Capture that demand immediately with Google because if you're not there, your competitor is. Now, let's break this down by store stage so you know where to start and how to grow. Meta is where you create demand. It's fast, it's creative, and it's perfect for testing. You can try different hooks, different angles, and different audiences. You can also figure out what actually makes people stop, click, and buy. You're not waiting for people to search. You're putting your product in front of them and making them want it. And here's the part most people miss. The insights that you get from meta, what headlines work, what visuals convert. That's gold. You use that to strengthen your Google ads. Better product titles, better ad copy, better results. Now, once people start searching your brand or your product type on Google, that's when you move in. Google scoops up all that high intent traffic. These are people comparing, deciding, and ready to buy. They're typing stuff like best running shoes or Nike running shoes reviews. And if you're there with a clear offer and strong positioning, they convert. And then there's retargeting across both platforms. On Meta, you bring people back with userenerated content, testimonials, and urgencydriven content. On Google, you can let Performance Max do the heavy lifting. It follows your visitors across search, YouTube, Gmail, and more. You can also set up these campaigns to get more optimization by setting up search campaigns, display campaigns, and YouTube campaigns for your e-commerce store. We actually teach this in the Keycom Academy, our community built just for store owners. Every week, we jump on live calls, help you fix issues with your funnel, help you optimize your campaigns and scale profitably. We also have courses in there and a great community. I'll leave a link down below. Go and check it out. Now, let's get back to how all of this connects. Meta is your creative lab, your demand builder. Google is your intent catcher. Okay, let's say that you're selling orthopedic dog beds. Use Meta to show happy dogs sleeping comfortably or lifestyle videos with pet owners and use Google to capture the searches like best dog bed for older dogs or memory foam dog bed. This combo works incredibly well. Meta brings in new customers. Google captures the ones ready to buy. Guys, here's my final thought. Don't chase the best platform. Focus on getting your product message and marketing system right first. Then grow your ads together on both Meta and Google. That's when things really start to work. If you've stuck between deciding on meta or Google, I really hope this helped and give you a road map that you can follow. If you want to go deeper into the Google Ads side of things, we've got a free Google Shopping course and we've got a free performance max course. I'll leave a link down below. Thanks for watching, guys, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye for now. Make sure to check out our other videos. This one here might be especially useful for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @siammarketingedge [2 likes]: great discussion i am working with google ads last three years so google ads 100% better than meta
  2. @KeyCommerce [1 likes]: If your store’s already past $20k/month and you’re ready to scale with Google or Meta Ads, book a free strategy call with our team here: 👉https://keycommerce.com/strategy-sess
  3. @JamieMercedesdeMello [1 likes]: thnks for sharing your ideas bro😏:volcano-green-lava-orange::hands-yellow-heart-red:
  4. @KevinWood-u1s: thanks brother
  5. @trackingconsulting: Great explanation of how Meta and Google Ads differ in ecommerce strategy. The key is not just platform choice but data accuracy. With a proper server side tracking setup feeding clean signals into GA4 and ad platforms, you can make smarter budget decisions and scale with confidence.
  6. @EvelynCooper-h3d7t: Enjoyed this a lot, great job!
  7. @Taylorhouseofgifts: Best fkn vid ever 😮😮😮😮😮....now i know what to do
  8. @mikesclarity: way too much free sauce in here
  9. @onlinelabshq: The timing point is huge - too many e-commerce stores burn cash on Meta when people are already searching their product type on Google.
Also start with Shopping campaigns before Performance Max. New stores get burned by PMax without conversion data to train the algorithm.
  10. @REDTVCanada: Fantastic information. Thanks for sharing. Just found your channel for the first time. Now subscribed. Cheers.
  11. @popoolapeterolarewaju908: Are you on Facebook or TikTok?
  12. @popoolapeterolarewaju908: Hello sir
Please can I get a complete video of how to do Product feed for Google merchant.
I need full  video explanation.

- How I Setup & Run Meta Ads To My Amazon Listing (Using An Attribution Link): Kind: captions Language: en before we can get the ad set up we first have to create an Amazon attribution link if we don't know how many people have clicked our link it's going to be really hard to track whether or not this is working so let's go do that first let's log into Seller Central and go up here to the hamburger menu go down to advertising and click on campaign manager that's where we are going to be building this out okay the next thing that we need to do is hover over the left here and then go to measurement and Reporting and click the little arrow next we're going to go to Amazon attribution wonderful this this is what your screen should look like we're going to create the campaign manually and then we're going to create the campaign name right here so this is going to be meta to Amazon traffic campaign the external ID isn't that important it's optional but I'm going to do Amazon makers magic okay now we need to select the product all right so let's do that I'm going to do our makers magic gloss but you can select multiple products if you want to I don't recommend it I recommend focusing on one product at a time next next we're going to go down to our ad group so we need to give it a name Amazon attribution link for meta to Amazon makers magic gloss that way at a glance I can look at the performance of this stuff a little bit easier to find now when it comes to publisher this is where you are going to be posting the ad or the link so in this case we're going to choose Facebook perfect and the channel is going to be social the next thing we have to do is choose the Amazon clickthrough URL so I'm going to hold down control and click on this and it's going to pull up my actual listing you can see up here in the URL that is there's nothing extra in there we're going to copy that come down here and hit paste this is the destination of the link when they click it this is where it will take them that's it let's go up here to create and it will specifically create a brand new attribution tag for us you see it's right here wonderful here's what we want to do next we want to make sure everything looks correct So Meta adds to Amazon traffic okay here's our campaign so if somebody clicks on this link right here it should take them to the makers magic gloss page on Amazon nailed it so we're going to go back to the campaigns and then we're going to click on attribution tags this is where your attribution tags are going to show up highly recommend saving these in a spreadsheet or in a Google doc so you can have easy access to them later to copy paste them whenever you're building out your ads for Amazon now I can click on this campaign and I can see all of the traffic that's happened I can look at the link clicks and I can look at the purchases this is how we evaluate if our campaign is actually working let's hop over to meta let's set up a campaign and let's start sending traffic here so you can see how this all fits together here's the screen we want to end up on ads manager. facebook.com make sure your correct profile selected and your screen looks very similar to mine the first thing that we're going to do is go to create now we are going to be creating a brand new ad that means we'll be handling the campaign the ad set and the creative itself I prefer a 322 method but we'll talk about that in just a moment where are going to click on traffic remember we can't run a sales campaign to Amazon because meta won't get that data back so we need to run a traffic campaign so we're going to hit continue now I personally think that using the recommended settings is the best idea but if you want to create a manual traffic campaign and have finer control over the adsets and the people that it targets by all means please but we're not going to be focusing on the nitty-gritty details of that today so let's pick recommended and hit next great if we look at the left you'll see the campaigns up here the ad sets right below it and then we have the creative right below that what we need to do is we need to name this caic campaign cool this will tell me what I've created the ad for most of us don't fit into these categories so you can ignore them completely let's go ahead and create an AB test I think that would be a great option for this and then advantage plus we want to do that as well I really believe in letting meta choose the people they know who buys what and who clicks what and for me to tell them what to do with the budget it just hasn't worked as well in the past plus Advantage Plus has been working great recently let's set the daily budget to $50 $50 is a safe daily budget to do some tests if it works and you're making money and everything is going well let's we can increase the budget let's keep it conservative in the beginning now you can set the budget for different times of day but I don't think it's worth it right now it's kind of extra let's hit next we're at the adset level let's give this a name adset for meta to Amazon with that link M CL Advantage Plus so I know that it's an Advantage Plus campaign if there's other presets that you want to change you can but I don't recommend it right now now the next question is our conversion location we want to make sure website is selected here because that's where we're going to be sending it now let's see we are looking at our traffic goals let's pick the one that works best for us I want to maximize link clicks and that's the goal here we are not going to put a c per result goal in I want to see what meta does with this and see if we can achieve profitability so let's keep going budget and schedule not setting an end date yeah you know what I only want to run this for 7 days so we'll do July 29th to the 6th let's see what happens spending $50 a day with this campaign going to Amazon location's going to be United States we want to make sure we don't select anyone that doesn't have the ability to buy on Amazon so get rid of Mexico get rid of Europe get rid of all those other places make sure it's just the US a minimum age 18 I don't want to waste valuable attention on a younger demographic they don't buy from me now I have existing audiences that I can exclude I'm going to exclude anyone that's purchased in the last 60 days we don't need to remarket to them they've already made a purchase from us and that's about it if you haven't built up your pixel data and defined and created audiences within meta then you won't have this option but don't worry about it you can leave these two blank if you need to just make sure English is selected okay so this is our audience suggestion you know in terms of our age gender Etc we're going to bump this up to 30 and take this all the way to 65 plus we're going to do all genders and demographics and behaviors craft we can also add in papercraft great DIY is a good one we can put that one in there we're just going to keep it really simple we don't need to get crazy with it we don't need to worry about placements right now it'll be covered in the creative section oh let's reset our start date today perfect there we go it was yelling at me I needed to fix that okay this is our ad set we're all set up let's go ahead and hit next and load up our creative now we're on the next screen this is where you put in all the creative for your ads what are you actually going to show to them what's the text going to say well let's go up here to the ad name and change it creative for meta to Amazon with link okay perfect now it's asking the identity who owns it then that's where you'll choose your Facebook page right here you can see that if I click on it I've got vaniter Facebook and some other Facebook pages I have access to make sure the correct one's set up now we're going to do ad setup I'm going to create an ad but if you already have a post that's already working you can click on use existing post and you'll be able to to select it by clicking this right here and it will show you all the posts on your Instagram and your Facebook page and you can choose the one that's best that's what I'm going to do here I'm going to try one of ours that has done the best well it looks like the videos that I want to use they can't be used for ads on Instagram I would reason to believe it's because of music or some other sound that we put in there let's check Instagram really quick and see yep none of these can be boosted with ads and it's probably because of the music or something we've put in there so we're going to have to load it up ourself okay let's hit cancel let's go up to here hit create ad wonderful next thing we're going to do is add media so I'm going to add a video and I'm going to click on upload you might see a couple of these little yellow triangles that's okay because it's a tall video it won't be shown on some of the feeds that's what it's telling you don't worry about it it's not that important we can still run the test with what we have so I'm going to choose some of the content that we've uploaded okay so we're going to use this one as our first piece of creative now it gives you an option here to trim the video if you need to cut off the beginning or cut off the end you absolutely can but this has already been optimized to be less than 30 seconds and edited for an ad so I'm going to go ahead and hit next now it's going to give us some cropping options basically when you're scrolling on social media and you're going through Messenger and the feeds and the marketplace and all these different things it shows ads in all these different places not everything supports tall format but the most important ones are supported by tall format so I'm not really going to worry about it I'm going to keep the original on here and even if it shows up and automatically crops some of it it's not a big deal let's just let it roll once we figure out whether or not this ad is working and it's creating conversions for us then we can tweak out on all the optimizations and make sure that this thing is dialed in but that comes after we validated the idea and the pathway so let's scroll down make sure that all of it is set to original and then we're going to hit next now this optimizations tool is really interesting automatically it will select all optimizations but if you look at what they're doing you'll see that they are adding catalog items to the video itself so that people can click on them and buy from meta shops you'll also see that they're adding Visual touch-ups and then the last thing is text improvements they may add subtitles captions or an overlay this isn't always the best option but I'm going to leave it on because I'm really curious to see how it does with all this stuff I'll turn off text improvements if I already have captions on the video but I don't on this one we're going to turn this one off because I need more control over these optimizations I don't want the catalog to be popping up because I want them to go to Amazon to make a purchase and I want to evaluate how effective this campaign is and I don't want to cannibalize it with sales to my meta shop if that makes sense okay perfect then we're going to hit done wonderful look at that 21 placements now you're going to going to get this yellow box right here it's going to say text might be covered you know it's fine don't even worry about the aspect ratio for now and if you want to preview your ads you can go over here on the right hand side and you'll be able to see how it pops up in these different areas that I was talking about just a few minutes ago not a big deal it still looks great even if it's cropped I recommend when this is done hitting duplicate and adding in two more pieces of creative this is where the 322 campaign comes in three pieces of creative two headlines and two descriptions for each each one let me show you what that means so we've loaded in one piece of creative right and then we're going to go to the primary text and this is the stuff that pops up right here up at the top seal any project we're going to add one more try two different styles of hooks up at the top see this right here seal any project which one of these is actually waterproof and Facebook will test these against each other to figure out which one works the best then we're going to create a headline now the headline is going to go right down here let's type out a headline that we think might work here Rush on waterproof project sealer we youran sealer made in the USA okay let's try this we asked what you wanted to see and you told us okay now we're going to add one more description keeping in line with our 322 setup and I'm just going to add you know something else that's a little bit different than this we waterbased project sealer that whe blue check and waterprof rush it on we freeze looks like it's verifying my edits okay give it a sec a few moments later see how we're doing says verifying edits can't hit publish and I can't click up here and I'm kind of scared to hit refresh or anything because I don't want to lose all this data I mean we could retype it not that big of a deal this stuff happens but not Facebook it's Chrome oh looks like the published work all right cool we're safe so what happens if you want to make a change let's hit edit let's go back to our campaign and see if everything's saved okay this one saved ad set looks good let's look at the creative hey look everything saved okay cool now we're going to go right over here and finish typing out our second description brush it on let it dry fix our spelling mistakes Perfect all right we've gotten our copy written out next we need to scroll down and go to the call to action we instead of learn more we should probably click on shop now there's a few other ones like order now Etc but I'm going to use shop now for this one I don't want to add any info labels enhancements three out of four are on sending people to the website we're going to do that different remember the attribution link that we talked about I have it saved right here in slack so let's grab that now we're going to enter in the website URL we're going to hit paste and this is going to grab it from Amazon and Amazon so they know where they're about to go then we're not going to do any browser add-ons not necessary don't need it this is the really important part you want to make sure that the URL the website is going directly to the Amazon listing using the attribution link so hold down control and click preview URL and it should take you to the listing that you want it to go to perfect this is exactly what we want to see so let's close out of this and let's keep scrolling down to complete our ad all of this stuff looks really good if you want to get into URL tracking and parameters and UTM links you can do that down here at the bottom otherwise we don't need to change or add anything else so what we're going to do is we are going to hit publish here's what happens next Facebook is going to start testing this they're going to begin showing it to other people and seeing how they react and what we're going to do is monitor the success of the campaign by looking at the Amazon attribution manager to see how many people have clicked and how many people have purchased every day we can come to Facebook look at how much was spent should be about 50 bucks a day and then we can go look at the conversions if we get more than five sales a day from this this has legs because we're paying $10 to acquire a customer and our gross profit can support that making a bunch of money on Amazon is cool and all but where you going to put it once you get it you need a business bank account and I know you might already have one already hopefully you do but if you don't please open up an account with relay I put a link in the description for you I care about helping people be better with their money and if you use this banking platform everything will be easier a checks deposits profit first it's free it's not going to charge you money and they actually care about people like you and me so if you want to get set up with the same business banking platform that I use put an app in with relay I put a link in the description for you all you got to do is fill it out okay let's get back to the video but before we finish we need to complete the whole 322 setup so what do I mean by that come over here and click on the edit right next to the campaign that we just created then we're going to click on the creative to Amazon with attribution link and so this one I'm going to name US versus them perfect and then I'm going to save it by hitting publish all right cool now I'm going to go back and I'm going to take this and I'm going to do a quick duplicate this going to duplicate it right here and this is going to duplicate it right here so now we have two duplications of the original ad and this is how we make the 322 an actual thing three pieces of creative two pieces of copy two headlines all right so we have our copy and our headlines are already written down I don't want to make any changes to those the only thing that I do want to change is the creative itself so on this first one we need to scroll down a little bit and click on edit media and then we're going to change the video it's going to be a completely new one and we're going to choose will it waterproof hit next the Terra Cotta is completely soaked everywhere but where the Maker's magic is you can see that it got all funky where there's no maker magic watch this let's cut it before watch this okay that's a good one right there we're going to keep it all original and we're come down down here next to optimize let's turn all optimizations on let's look at this Visual touch-ups and text improvements that's totally okay add catalog items I don't want catalog items on all right we're going to head done okay perfect we've got another ad creative loaded in here text used previously brush on waterproof project sealer Okay cool so we did change up a little bit of the creative but not a ton we do need to set this to shop now though instead of learn more the labels are good enhancements three out of four perfect the last thing that I want to do is head over to the description all right cool I'll take that oh this one is waterprof test okay perfect now this one we need to change the creative as well so we can have three pieces of creative let's go to edit media and let's change the video let's go to Instagram videos we're going to choose this piece of creative right here this one has a different headline as you can see it's a different kind of like title and we're not going to do text optimizations on this one we want to see how it works and get rid of cataloges and then look at the other active enhancements text improvements and we're going to get rid of that one as well visual touch-ups can be on that's fine but text improvements needs to be off and we want to get rid of catalog items okay let's go ahead and hit done great great great let's go to text use previously and then add in a few more headlines that might fit okay amazing then we need to change it to us versus them old title No enhancements this will give me an idea of which one's working and which one's not working okay and then we'll scroll down and we'll make sure it's going to the right spot all of our copy looks good this one needs to be on shop now the website URL is perfect it shows the display link of amazon.com tracking is all set up wonderful let's look at this right here and see what it says okay it's recommending that I change the aspect ratios and stuff I'm not going to do that I don't think it matters that much so we're going to go ahead and hit publish wonderful and that is how you set up an ad from meta to Amazon the big thing to remember here is the attribution link if you do this without that you're going to have a bad time and please don't use conversion or sales campaigns when driving traffic to Amazon it won't work out now you'll see here that it's preparing it needs to learn it needs to prepare it needs to review the ad Etc and it should start running in a couple hours at the latest by tomorrow so how do we check how do we measure our success on this so what we do is we're going to look at the amount spent we're to look at the click-through rate if the click-through rate is above 2% your ad is just fine everything is working great the higher the click-through rate the better and that tells us that the ad is healthy and it's actually working well getting their attention the next thing that we look at is our attribution data on the Amazon we look at how many orders and we look at the total sales take the amount that we spent and divide by the total number of orders and you have your cost per acquisition if your cost per acquisition is low enough it's a winner keep it going now look these last ads that I ran with this similar creative had over a 5% clickthrough rate people were really interested in it but we didn't get a lot of conversions so what does that tell me that tells me that the landing page the offer or the website where I'm sending them isn't good enough it needs work it needs love so by sending to Amazon and monitoring the conversions I can get data on whether Amazon or our Shopify store converts better now granted I only ran them for a few days and I don't have a bunch of data and I'm sure it would have worked out okay anyways you also want your cost per thousand Impressions to be as low as possible so keep checking back on this continue to monitor your stuff and when it starts to work and if it's profitable that's when you can begin to optimize you can come in here to edit and you can increase the budget by like 20% right so maybe I'd bump it up to 70 bucks maybe 65 all right cool great that's how you increase the budget but what about optimizations well if you click on this for example right here and then you go up here to ads and you click on this button it will show you all the different ads that are running in this campaign remember we set up three pieces of creative this data right here will tell you how effective each ad is start taking a look at the Quality ranking and the conversion rate ranking look at the one that's performing the best I have a feeling that one of these two is going to perform the best and if they are then I'll come in here 5 days later and I'll turn off the ones that are low performing so no money gets spent on the low performers and then I'm going to take the best performing ad and then I'll tweak it for the next campaign I'll change the hook I'll change the voice voiceover I'll change the pacing I'll add captions to it and I'll just keep tweaking it to make it better and better and better this is how you get good at ads it starts with creative and then it goes into optimizations the best out there are doing 40 to 100 new variations of creative every single week it's a lot but we want to start slow we want to get our feet wet we want to get used to the process we want to make sure that we're able to create the assets in the first place which is the videos that we've put out I hope this was helpful if you need support or if you have questions on it DM me at any time I got your back on this

  Top Comments:
  1. @itlearner1175 [2 likes]: Great video, however, most experts suggest using a deep link since this will open Amazon within the Facebook app, that need a login; a deep link sends the user directly to the installed Amazon app, which most of the time doesn't need login. Whats your thoughts on that please?
  2. @crackygaming7043 [1 likes]: But this attribution is not available in India 😢
  3. @OtherVids483 [1 likes]: I'm a little confused, you originally said "I'm not going to tell Meta who to target, I'll let their algorithm do that" but then you narrowed down the detailed targeting to people interested in crafting?   Also, is there a reason you send them right to amazon instead of a landing page to get their email first?   Also, I know you can't "really" run a sales/conversion campaign to amazon, but is there anything to the idea that "traffic" campaigns just give you low quality link clickers that tank your amazon listings conversion rate?  Should you still run a sales campaign, even without an objective? THANK YOU.
  4. @Om_Joshi: amazing video!
  5. @tannerrussell3619: Question. Do I need separation attribution links for Facebook an instgram. In campaign manager the publisher can be either one, but not sure what to do in the facebook (meta) ad console.
  6. @nellakarapetyan9534: Hi. I am doing the same exact process but with the bulk upload as I want to track on the creative level. With bulk uploads I don't get the attribution before importing Meta campaign data into Amazon and I am not sure if I should how should I publish my ads without a destination URL. Can you please help me out with this one? Thanks a lot!
  7. @gaurav.unbox-1: how you are training pixel for purchase data
  8. @adventureswithtime: Great. Just what I wanted. 🎉

Why do you need to specify the product page at the start of your give it when you create the attribution link layer?

My ad is about a book series on Amazon. Will this attribution method work if I use the link to the book series and the purchase one of the books. OR if my link takes them to my author page on Amazon?

Thanks
  9. @DLTN820: THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO!
  10. @praiseonahi4234: your content is rich
  11. @batibrahim: thanks. what is the ideal or average ROAS?
  12. @MailysMoiroud: Amazing video! Thank you!!
  13. @AJITSINGH-p1g: Great Video - Clear explaination
  14. @Technotronic01: Amazing tutorial! Thanks a lot
  15. @AbdullahAhmed-q3g7c: The attribution link is not showing my meta ad click, anyone know how to fix that ?
  16. @authorjohnisaacjones3219: Great stuff! I've wrestled with sending customers from Meta to Amazon for four years now! Your presentation is the answer. Thanks!!
  17. @billc9363: Does Facebook let you market major brands like Apple through your amazon affiliate program?
  18. @SedulousZealotry: My God. THANK YOU so much for this.
  19. @merissacorbet1324: So helpful - thanks for walking us through the whole process. I'm very familiar with Meta ads, but just getting started on Amazon. I assume there is some sort of delay on results appearing in Amazon Attribution?
  20. @yanivhassoun: Hi Even - how can we get in touch to colborate ?